https://blessingsonthenet.com/terms-and-conditions
Call: 08452040404 /
09987123949 / 09987404440 Chennai: +91-8939369183
Contact Us
The Most Trusted Travel And Spiritual Portal In India
Login | Register
Hi,
(logout)
Temple Travel Hotel Flight Festival Culture Greetings
Tour Diaries
Store
Special Offers
Terms & Condition , Refund - Cancellation & Disclaimer For Hotel - Holiday - Flight - Car
Thank you for choosing Nirvana India Enterprise For Hotel Booking / Tour Package / Flight Booking / Car Booking for the best travel experience. We take all efforts to ensure that you our Guest have a warm and a delightful holiday experience. We devote keen attention to every minute detail of your tour. At the same time, we request you to read and follow the below Terms and Conditions so as to avoid any misunderstanding and ensure a hassle-free and enjoyable tour.
Important Information - Liabilities and Responsibilities of Nirvana India Enterprise:
1. Please check your documents when you receive them. Call us at the no displayed in the website or mail us at travel@blessingsonthenet.comif you have any questions.
2. Check In
- Minimum check-in for domestic flights is 120 minutes and for international flights, 3 hours. Be prepared to present a government issued photo i.d. At ticket counter.
3. RECONFIRMATION - Reconfirm the use and time of flights at least 24 hours for domestic and 72 hours for international. Failure to use any reservations may result in automatic cancellation of all continuing and return reservations.
4. EXCURSION AND PROMOTIONAL FARES - Most discount fares involve certain restrictions. A change in carrier(s) flight(s), time(s) or routing(s) could result in a carrier demanding a full fare. Obtain agency or airline assistance before making changes.
5. If your plans change enroute, contact the Nirvana India Enterprise or call the after-hours service for assistance. Additional charges may apply. It is not necessary to purchase a new ticket if a refund is due. Please cancel your reservation prior to flight time or ticket will have no value.
6. These times, flights and fares are based on current tariffs that are subject to change without notice.
7. TICKETS - Most tickets have value. Any unused flight coupons must be returned in order to determine refund value. Lost, stolen or destroyed tickets must be paid for until refund is received from the issuing carrier, subject to an airline imposed service charge.
8. HOTELS are usually confirmed on a guaranteed payment basis. If you cancel or change plans, please notify your hotel(s) within the time period specified by that hotel. Rules may vary by property. Check-in and Check-out time Guest have to abide by the check-in and check-out time of the respective hotels. For Indian tours, generally the check-in time is 12 noon and check-out time is 10 am. For World tours, generally the check-in time is 3 p.m. and check-out time is at 12 noon. If guest wants any change therein, like early check-in or late check-out, he/she will have to manage the same on his/her own with hotel authorities on payment of additional charges, if any. Any loss to hotel property knowingly or unknowingly will have to be borne by guest. Company shouldn't be held responsible.
9. Taking care of the valuables is the sole responsibility of the guest, in fact we suggest and recommend you not to carry unnecessary valuables like gold, high end equipment's on tour.
10. Train/flight delays, on account of any reason due to rescheduling/cancellation of train/flights/inter-connection/ meals not being served etc. is not in the control of the company.
11. Any change due to force majeure including weather condition / strike / war / VIP movement and security, heavy rush at sightseeing places, road traffic congestion etc., are not in control of the company.
12. Allocation of seats, and food service in the aircraft because the airline reserves the right of allocation.
13. Celebrity assigned for the tour as an entertainer not turning up on the tour due to the reasons beyond the control of the company.
14. Any personal injury, sickness, accident, loss, delay, discomfort, consequential loss and/or damage or any damage to baggage or personal effects howsoever caused.
15. Any injury, loss, personal harm, death or damage caused to any person or property by the act or default of the management/ employees / agents of any independent contractor.
16. Any damages, additional expenses or any consequential losses suffered by the guest due to cancellation, amendment and / or alteration of any of the services of the tour mentioned in the itinerary / brochure by the Company after the registration / booking by the tourist. Each of these conditions shall be severable from the other, if any provision declared invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then remaining provisions nevertheless have full force & effect.
17. TOUR/PACKAGE PRICES are subject to change without notice due to currency fluctuations, tariff changes or increase in operational costs. In addition, group tours/packages are based on a Minimum Number of passengers traveling: if the number of passengers falls below the minimum required, a surcharge may be imposed on all passengers.
18. Tour Package Listed in the site are sample tour plan
and can be customized as per Guest requirement and prices will be sent once the tour plan
is approved and as per the no of Persons . Currently we are not having any Group Package , if any requirement of Group is there for any package we are in
a position to cater to the same , for group query
& quote
you can mail us your requirement at travel@blessingsonthenet.com
19. IMPORTANT!!! If you are at an airline ticket or passenger check-in counter with your confirmed ticket and find that the airline shows no reservations for you do not leave the counter. Check your ticket. If the status box shows "OK" for the flight in question, the airline must accommodate you on that flight, or if that is not possible, they must either find a substitute flight or pay you denied boarding compensation. If necessary ask to speak to a supervisor.
20. CANCELLATIONS AND REFUNDS ' Nirvana India Enterprise reserve the right to charge processing fees in the event of refunds, cancellations and other services.
21. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY - This Nirvana India Enterprise is acting as a mere agent for suppliers in selling travel-related services, or in accepting reservations or bookings for services that are not directly supplied by this travel agency (such as air and ground transportation, hotel accommodations, meals, tours, cruises, etc.). Nirvana India Enterprise, therefore, shall not be responsible for breach of contract of any intentional or careless actions or omissions on part of such suppliers, which result in any loss, damage, delay, or injury to you or your travel companions or group members. Unless the term "guaranteed" is specifically stated in writing on your tickets, invoice, or reservation itinerary, we do not guarantee any of such suppliers' rates, bookings, reservations, connections, scheduling, or handling of personal effects. Nirvana India Enterprise shall not be responsible for any injuries, damages, or losses caused to any traveler in connection with terrorist activities, social or labor unrest, mechanical or construction failures or difficulties, diseases, local laws, climactic conditions, criminal acts or abnormal conditions or developments, or any other actions, omissions, or conditions outside the Nirvana India Enterprise control. Traveler assumes complete and full responsibility for, and hereby releases the agent from any duty of, checking and verifying any and all passport, visa, vaccination, or other entry requirements of each destination, and all safely or security conditions at such destinations, during the length of the proposed travel. By embarking upon his/her travel, the traveler voluntarily assumes all risks involved in such travel, whether expected or unexpected. Traveler is hereby warned of such risks, and is advised to obtain appropriate insurance coverage against them. Traveler's retention of tickets, reservations, or bookings after issuance shall constitute a consent to the above, and an agreement on his/her part to convey the contents hereto to his/her travel companions or group members.
22. Proof of identity is required for all travel. Without proper identification, or passport and necessary visas you will not be permitted to depart. It is your responsibility to verify your necessary travel documents.
23. WE STRONGLY RECOMMEND TRAVEL INSURANCE. There are different types of medical, baggage or trip cancellations insurance from the supplier or the agencies. NOTE: Insurance coverage may not cover pre-existing conditions and may have other restrictions and exclusions. Consult the insurance carriers direct for details. Trip insurance or waivers provided by the supplier may not offer insolvency coverage.
24. Cancellation
Policy for our Package Tour & Flight Tour Package For Flight Booking Cancellation - Airline Policy Apply for Cancellation of Flight Booking for both flight booking and for flight tour package.
25. Tour Package Cancellation
Policy
Nil refund for cancellation within 2 days prior to the tour date
25% refund for cancellation between 3-5 days prior to the tour date
65% refund for cancellation between 6-09 days prior to tour date
75% refund for cancellation between 10-20 days prior to tour date
85% refund for cancellation 21 days & above to tour date
26. I Have Read & understood the terms and conditions specified and by booking accept the same.
27. Jurisdiction: The jurisdiction of all issues relating to any party involved in this site in any transaction is limited to the Courts of Mumbai, India.
Indemnify:
Please be aware that during your participation in Tour / Holiday operated by Nirvana India Enterprise certain risks and dangers may arise beyond our control, including but not limited to: the hazards of traveling in undeveloped areas; travel by boat, train, automobile, aircraft, or other means of transportation; forces of nature; political unrest; acts of lawlessness or terrorism; and accident or illness in remote regions without means of rapid evacuation or medical facilities. Nirvana India Enterprise will not have liability regarding provision of medical care or the adequacy of any care that may be rendered. While Nirvana India Enterprise will use its best efforts to ensure that adequate measures are taken, by agreeing to participate in a Tour / Holiday and/or optional excursions you agree that you will hold Nirvana India Enterprise harmless regarding any provision of medical care or the adequacy of any care rendered. Nirvana India Enterprise is not responsible for such risks and dangers that may arise beyond our control. Payment of your deposit indicates you accept these risks and dangers and agree to hold Nirvana India Enterprise harmless for such eventualities during the tour dates - to the end of tour.
Hotel Terms & Conditions :-
APART FROM THE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS, THE BELOW MENTIONED ARE THE SPECIFIC HOTEL TERMS.
Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) act only as an intermediary agent with only the role of a mediator. Even if you make a booking through us, the contract will be between the supplier and you and the general travel and contractual terms and conditions of the supplier shall apply. We are not a party to the contractual relationship.
Hotels may not allow local residents to check-in as guests . This is strictly subject to the Hotel Policies and Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) will not be responsible for such check-in denials.
Hotels reserves the right of admission. Unmarried/unrelated couples may not be allowed to check-in. Similarly accommodation can be denied to guests posing as a Couple if suitable proof of identification is not presented at check-in. Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) will not be responsible for any check-in denied by the hotel due to the aforesaid reason. No refund would be applicable in case the hotel denies check-in under such circumstances.
Hotel may deny check in to guests providing Id Proof of the same city as the hotel itself.
The hotel pictures/information on the website, including amenities and facilities are provided by the hotel. This information is for reference only. For any discrepancy that exists between the website pictures and actual settings, Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) is not liable and responsible.
The primary guest must be at least 18 years old to be able to check into the hotel.
Check-in time and check-out time is as per hotel policy & terms. Early check-in or late check-out request is subject to availability and the hotel might charge you extra for it. Please note that the check-in time is subject to change as per hotel policy & seasonality.
Your stay does not include additional personal expenses like telephone charges, meals that aren't part of your meal plan, any hotel services you use (like laundry and room service) or tips. The hotel will charge you directly for these when you're checking out.
It is mandatory for guests to present valid photo identification at the time of check-in. According to government regulations, a valid Photo ID has to be carried by every person above the age of 18 staying at the hotel. The identification proofs accepted are Adhar Card Driver's License, Voters Card, and Passport. Without valid ID the guest will not be allowed to check in. Note- PAN Cards will not be accepted as a valid ID card.
The hotel reserves the right of admission. Accommodation can be denied to guests posing as a 'couple' if suitable proof of identification is not presented at check-in. Company will not be responsible for any check-in denied by the hotel due to the aforesaid reason.
Hotels may charge a mandatory meal surcharge on festive periods e.g. Christmas/ New Year's Eve or other festivals as decided by the hotel. All additional charges (including mandatory meal surcharges) need to be cleared directly at the hotel.
Government has levied service tax on hotel room charges effective on stays from 1st May 2011. This tax may be required to be settled directly at the hotel.
Time Zone applicable for content displayed on the website shall be Indian Standard Time for all purposes unless explicitly mentioned otherwise.
Cancellation Policy :
The Cancellation Policies of the Hotels are dynamic and may change from time to time. The Cancellation policy of the Hotel may change in the interim period of booking and date of stay of the Guest. The Cancellation Policy prevailing at the time of check in/cancellation of the booking by the Customer will be the applicable policy.
Hotels being booked may have their own cancellation policy and may charge user accordingly.
Only those cancellation requests which are made either online or on the phone to our customer support team shall be entertained. The Company shall not be liable to entertain any cancellation requests made directly to the hotel without intimating the Company and also through any other medium including, but not limited to, SMS or e-mail.
If you don't show up at the hotel, you'll still be charged the entire amount and hotel will debit the amount from your card directly.
Cancellation Policy :
The company do not accept amendment request to the hotel reservation if the check in is within 48 Hours.
The Company doesn't support changes and modifications to online bookings once they're made.
All the refunds shall be done by Company if the payment is made through www.blessingsonthenet.com or to our bank account given
in the website.
Your bank may debit its own separate charges from refunds made to your credit card or bank account.
Service Fee These fees cover the costs incurred by Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) in servicing your hotel reservation .
Online Hotel Booking at www.blessingsonthenet.com :
While doing Hotel booking through Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) you have option of checking with our team by calling on the Cell no or land line no given in the website or by sending a mail to travel@blessingsonthenet.com for availability and rates as this is not real time hotel booking and all our booking are processed after checking the availability with respective hotel and confirmation will be given only after we get a written consent ( the process is normally between
2 to 6 hrs of working time which is between 10 am to 6 PM on all days except on Sunday & public holiday
) . In case of payment made online and rooms are not available or difference in rate , the customer have option
of cancelling the order and Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) will not capture such transaction and the order gets reversed from the payment gateway provider CC Avenue.
By proceeding you agree to the Hotel Booking Policy, Hotel Cancellation Policy and Terms & Conditions of Nirvana India Enterprise www.blessingsonthenet.com. The contract is agreed" - by completing and submitting an electronic order form, you are making an offer to book a Accommodation
which, if accepted by us, will result in a binding contract. An acceptance email from us confirms that the contract is formed.
Flight booking policy:
The total price displayed includes all applicable government taxes.
You are required to pay the entire amount prior to the confirmation of your booking.
There will be no refund for "no-shows" or any partially unused flights.
Each booking carries its own set of rules & restrictions imposed by the airlines which includes conditions of carriage. For the purposes of your booking the most restrictive set of rules apply to every flight that is part of your trip.
To avail of infant fares, an infant must be under 24 months throughout the entire itinerary you are booking. This includes both onward and return journeys. If the infant is 24 months or above on the return journey, you'll need to make a separate booking using a child fare.
Infants must be accompanied by an adult at least 18 years of age.
Check in:
As per the airline rules, the standard check-in time begins 2 hours before departure for domestic flights and 3 hours before departure for International flights.
For Air India flights the check-in time is 3 hours before departure and is at the International Terminal.
The passenger needs to check-in at least 2 hrs prior departure for Air India and Air India Express Domestic flights and 3 hours prior departure for Air India and Air India Express International flights , else the reservation will be canceled and passenger will be considered as a no show.
Infants must have valid proof-of-age documents showing that the infant is under two years old.
Amendments:
Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com )
can assist you with amendments to most bookings. Please contact your assigned account manager. In some cases, though, you'll need to contact the airline directly.
Every booking made on Nirvana India Enterprise is subject to amendment charges levied by the airline, which may vary by flight and booking class.
If you amend your booking, you will be charged the difference in fare, if any, applicable when the amendment is made. However if the new fare is lower than the Original fare, difference in the amount will not be refunded, but the rebooking charges as applicable will be collected.
We'll collect the difference in fare, if any, applicable when the amendment is made.
Depending on the airline's policy, some booked fares may not be amended.
All bookings made through us, can also be amended by calling up the Airline Call Center directly
Cancellation Policy:
Every booking made on Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com )
is subject to cancellation charges levied by the airline, which may vary by flight and booking class.
Some booked fares may be non-refundable per the specific airline's policy.
Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com )
cancellation charges: Over and above the airline cancellation charges, Nirvana India Enterprise will levy Rs 150 per passenger per domestic air segment and Rs 350 per passenger per international air segment for each online cancellation.
Only cancellation requests made online or email shall be entertained. Nirvana India Enterprise (www.blessingsonthenet.com ) shall not be liable to entertain any cancellation requests made through any other medium including but not limited to sms, telephone.
For e-tickets, if your cancellation request is made less than 3 hours before departure, you'll need to contact the airline directly to get your reservation cancelled.
Refunds :-
It is mandatory to contact Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com )
for all refunds, as the airline will not be able to refund your tickets booked www.blessingsonthenet.com
If you need a refund for paper tickets, please send them back to us. Your tickets must reach us within 48 hours of the time of cancellation so that we can get them endorsed by the airline for you.
If your paper ticket gets lost or damaged, the airline will not be able to process a refund request.
All cancellations made directly with the Airline need to be intimated to Nirvana India Enterprise by Email in order to initiate the refunds process
Processing times for cancellation and refund requests vary.
Refunds will be processed within 72 hrs in case of bookings made through deposit account and 2 weeks in case of bookings processed by Credit Card.
Refunds will be processed after deducting applicable charges from airlines and Agency Cancellation charges - Rs.50 per segment in case of Domestic Air Ticket & Rs.250 per segment in case of International Air Ticket.
In case the refund is not processed within the time line, please contact your Account Manager.
While processing the refunds, the incentive will be reversed back in case the date of travelling is for future date in addition to the Airlines Cancellation charges & Nirvana India Enterprise Cancellation charges.
Convenience / Credit Card processing fee paid during the booking is non-refundable.
Car Rental Terms General Terms And Conditions :-
Distance and time is calculated from garage back to garage for both within city and outside city trips. In case of a pickup from City A and drop to city B, the distance from the drop off point in city B to garage in City A will be calculated and the payment for the same has to be made by the customer.
Distance and time are calculated from the operator's garage and not from the customer's residence. Customers are requested to check the starting time and the starting odometer recorded on the trip sheet available with the driver prior to the journey. Disputes regarding the same will not be acceptable after completion of journey.
Expenses like toll charges permit charges, parking charges, entry & toll fees are to be borne by hirer.
Service Tax & any other Government Tax as per Government guidelines will be charged on the total bill.
The estimate provided at the time of booking is not to be construed as a package pricing for your trip unless specifically indicated. The final amount for your trip will be calculated based on actual usage (number of Kilometers and hours).For Local Duties, driver BA/TA is applicable after 10.00 pm (or after 12 hours of service). In Hyderabad, local BA/TA is applicable between 9.00 pm and 7.00 am.
Extra time up to 30 minutes will be treated half an hour, 31 minutes onwards as full hour and will attract tariff applicable to next higher slab/extra hour.
Other Applicable Terms And Conditions :-
I, DO HEREBY CONFIRM THAT I HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND ACKNOWLEDGED THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Customer understands and agrees that Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) is ONLY an online marketplace and it does not operate taxi services on its own. In order to provide a comprehensive choice of taxi services, vehicle types and prices to customers, it has tied up with many taxi Operators ("Operators").Customer understands and agrees to avail taxi service of the Operator where such arrangement for taxi hire is with the Operator and Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) is not liable to you for the provision of these services.
Customer understands and agrees that Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com )
responsibilities doesn't include:
The taxi not departing/reaching on time;
The taxi driver being rude;
The taxi seats etc. not being up to customer's expectations;
The Operator cancelling the trip due to unavoidable reasons;
The baggage of the customer getting lost/stolen/damaged;
The Operator changing a customer's seat at the last minute to accommodate a lady/child;
The customer waiting at the wrong boarding point (please call the Operator to find out the exact, boarding point if you are not a regular traveler on that particular taxi) etc.
The customer has been dropped to nearest location in order of preference and not at a particular place which is not on the route.
Customer shall be present 15 minutes in advance at the boarding point to avoid delays during the journey.
Customer shall carry a copy of confirmed ticket with personal identification certificate such as
Adhar Card, Pan Card, Driving License etc. for verification, failing to do so, customer may not be allowed to board the taxi.
Customer shall ensure appropriate behavior and avoid any nuisance, quarrel, manhandling with fellow customers or driver of the taxi during the journey. In case of such behavior, the taxi driver shall have complete authority to forbid you to carry out the journey. No loss or claim resulting out of such incident shall be payable in any manner to customer.
Customer shall not be allowed to travel in the taxi if he is found intoxicated or under influence of any drug or similar substances.
Customer shall stop and take breaks at specified places only and customer shall not be allowed to take additional breaks except in case of emergency.
Customer shall be responsible and liable for their own safety and security of luggage. In no condition, Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) will indemnify any loss to customer or their luggage in any event.
Customer shall not smoke; chew tobacco or such other substances during the journey.
Customer shall comply with "Cancellation Policy" of the Operator for the purpose of this transaction. In case of cancellation, Customer shall be refunded the balance amount from the ticket fare after appropriate deductions as per above mentioned Cancellation Policy. Customer confirms that he has read, understood and acknowledged this Cancellation Policy as provided with the confirmed ticket at customer's registered email id.
In case of break down or accident of taxi where Operator has been unable to make alternative arrangement,
Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) shall provide proportionate refund to Customer for uncovered distance. Any claims, liabilities or legal costs arising out of such event shall be borne by the Operator.
In the event of any dissatisfaction with any of the services provided by Operator or Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ), the matter must be reported directly to Operator or Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) , within 24 hours in order that action may be taken to remedy the problem. If notice is not given to Operator or Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) within 24 hours, after discovery of the dissatisfaction, Operator or Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com )
cannot and will not accept responsibility.
Customer agree that Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com) does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use of or the result of the use of the taxi services given on its site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise, insofar as such material is derived from the Operator.
Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) will not be liable to Customer or to any other person for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential loss, damage, cost or expense of any kind whatsoever and howsoever caused from out of the information derived by customer through usage of site. In no event shall Nirvana India Enterprise (
www.blessingsonthenet.com ) be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of information provided on the site in so far as such information is derived from the Operator.
To the extent permitted by law, neither Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com ) nor any of our officers, directors, employees, representatives, subsidiaries, affiliated companies, distributors, affiliate (distribution) partners, licensees, agents or others involved in creating, sponsoring, promoting, or otherwise making available the site and its contents shall be liable for (i) any punitive, special, indirect or consequential loss or damages, any loss of production, loss of profit, loss of revenue, loss of contract, loss of or damage to goodwill or reputation, loss of claim, (ii) any inaccuracy relating to the (descriptive) information (including rates, availability and ratings)of Operator as made available on our site, (iii) the services rendered or the products offered by the Operator, (iv) any (direct, indirect, consequential or punitive) damages, losses or costs suffered, incurred or paid by you, pursuant to, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use or delay of our site, or (v) for any (personal) injury, death, property damage, or other (direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive) damages, losses or costs suffered, incurred or paid by you, whether due to (legal) acts, errors, breaches, (gross) negligence, willful misconduct, omissions, non-performance, misrepresentations, tort or strict liability by or (wholly or partly) attributable to the Operator (its employees, directors, officers, agents, representatives or affiliated companies), including any (partial) cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or any other event beyond our control.
Apart from the terms and conditions mentioned above, Customer has read, understood and acknowledged general terms and conditions set out in Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com )
Outstation Travel Terms :-
For Out Station duties, a min of 300 Kilometers is chargeable per day for outstation travel.
A calendar day begins at 6.00 A.M and ends at 12.00 Midnight. In case a drop off happens after 12 midnight, an additional days charges ( 300 Kilometers) are applicable unless specifically stated in the package rates quoted.
Driver BA/TA will be twice the normal daily BA/TA between 10 pm and 6 am. (If the driver of the vehicle being hired drives the car beyond 10 pm on any night or before 6 am on any day, then twice the applicable daily BA/TA will apply).
No receipts will be provided for state entry taxes by the operator.
Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com )
& CONDITIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com )
is ONLY an online car rental booking agent. It does not operate any car rental services of its own. In order to provide a comprehensive choice of car rental operators, vehicle types and prices to customers, it has tied up with many car rental operators.
Your contract for car hire is with the car rental operator and we are not liable to you for the provision of these services, however we will try to ensure that you have a car rental service at your disposal in our capacity as agent for the car rental operators.
Booking a car rental (that will be serviced by the car rental operator) from its' network of car rental operators.
Providing refund and support in the event of cancellation.
Car rental tariffs are subject to change without prior notice.
In case cancellations is made less than 12 hours to departure time, booking is non-cancellable. On cancellation entire amount will be forfeited.
INR 500 would apply as cancellation charges if booking is cancelled before 12 hrs to departure time and Rs.150 will be charged as a Nirvana India Enterprise ( www.blessingsonthenet.com )
service fees.
General Disclaimer:
The information available through the Internet, based on information and inputs provided by many different people from across the globe because there is no central management or review of this information, Nirvana India Enterprise . Ltd. cannot guarantee that it always will be accurate and up to date. Similarly, because there is no monitoring or censorship or accuracy checks on the information provided herein, it is possible that some readers may encounter documents that they may consider offensive or inappropriate.
Disclaimer:
Nirvana India Enterprise . does not propose to propagate any religion, sect, philosophy, cult, culture or creed or any another form of groups or words indicating/synonym to the word "group". The company proposes only to position and present information, which is already public domain information for creating awareness on the pre-existing subject. The company subscribes to none of them nor prescribes to them. The information contained on the blesssingsonthenet.com site is not intended, nor is it implied, to be a substitute for knowledge, information on a subjects/topic. We always recommend that the user/reader seek the advice of a qualified person in getting to know more of his/her subject of interest. The information is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind and Nirvana India Enterprise. . hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to any information contained on this site, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Nirvana India Enterprise. Ltd. assumes no liability of any kind for the information and data contained in this site or for any decision made in reliance thereon.
Copyright and Proprietary Rights:
The contents of the blessingsonthenet.com site are copyrighted by Nirvana India Enterpris . and by certain other third parties. A single copy may be downloaded and /or reprinted solely for personal and noncommercial use, with prior permission of Nirvana India Enterprise . Any downloaded or reprinted material may not be altered in any way and must contain the following copyright notice: "Copyright Nirvana India Enterprise. All Rights Reserved." and any other copyright or other proprietary rights notices, which were contained on the downloaded material. Any other use of the material, either in whole or in part for any other reason is expressly prohibited, unless prior written consent is obtained from Nirvana India Enterprise . Nirvana India Enterprises .proposes to market, promote, sell, transact, provide support and information on various products/subjects/services. These products/services/subjects may not be Copy righted to Nirvana India Enterprise . We recognize and respect all copy rights/rights of all parties associated with us.
Disclaimer of Liability
With respect to documents available through this Service, Nirvana India Enterprise . assumes no legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information provided by this service. Nirvana India Enterprise . does not represent that any use, copying, or redistribution of this information would not infringe on privately held rights.
Disclaimer of Endorsement
Reference on this Service to any specific commercial product, process or service by trade name, trade mark, manufacturer, or other reference, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favor by Nirvana India Enterprise. Ltd.. The views and opinions expressed in documents available through the Service do not necessarily state or reflect those of Nirvana India Enterprise . as an institution, and may not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
Trademarks:
"blessingsonthenet.com" and the names of all blessingsonthnet.com products and services referenced in the blessingsonthenet.com site are either trademarks or registered trademarks of the Nirvana India Enterprise. Other product and company names referenced in the blessingsonthenet.com site may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Other Names:
It many be possible that the names of certain companies, people, characters and/or data contained in this site are fictitious and are in no way intended to represent any real individual, company, product or event, unless otherwise noted.
Links To Third Party Sites:
Certain links on this site will let you leave blessingsonthenet.com site. The linked sites are not under the control of Nirvana India Enterprises . and Nirvana India Enterprise . is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. These links are provided for your convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Nirvana India Enterprise . Ltd. of any such linked site. The company in no way subscribes to the contents of the Third Party sites.
Jurisdiction:
The jurisdiction of all issues relating to any party involved in this site in any transaction is limited to the Courts of Mumbai, India.
Privacy Policy:
Nirvana India Enterprise . Ltd. believes that electronic privacy is crucial to the ongoing success of the Internet as a service, commercial, and entertainment medium. Our policy is to keep the personal information we receive from our sites completely confidential, and used solely for internal purposes. We will not share your personal information with any other parties. Nirvana India Enterprise . will not willfully disclose any individually identifiable information about its users to any third party.
Home
|
About Us
|
Disclaimer
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy policy
|
Refund policy
|
Sitemap
|
Advertise
|
Contact Us
|
Shirdi Hotels
Content
Enquiry
All Fields are Mandatory
Name
Email
Contact no
Enquiry Type
Select
Hotels
Tour package
Message
Your enquiry has been submitted. We will get back to you shortly.