https://bonusfamilies.com/terms-of-service/
Terms of Service
Terms of Conditions for Use of This Site
We apologize in advance for this long document, but we want you to understand our guidelines. In order to enjoy all of the features of the Bonus Families® web site (the Site)you must agree to this Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE. The terms contain important information and create a legally binding contract. When using this site you agree to abide by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy (the Agreement).
Bonus Families® may make improvements or changes in the information and services available on the Site or terminate this Site, at any time without notice. Bonus Families® may modify this Agreement at any time, and such modification shall be effective immediately upon either posting of the modified Agreement or notifying you at our option. You agree to review this Agreement periodically to ensure that you are aware of any modifications.
Terms of Use
The contents of the Site, such as text, graphics, images, information obtained from the Site’s licensors and other material (Content) contained on the Site is for informational purposes only. The Content is not intended to be a substitute for professional psychological diagnosis or treatment. Always seek the advice of your therapist or other qualified mental health provider with any questions you may have regarding your problem. Reliance on any information provided by or via the Site is solely at your own risk.
The Content provided by Bonus Families® is compiled from numerous sources. Bonus Families® and its directors, officers, employees, licensors, suppliers, agents and independent contractors, do not directly or indirectly practice or provide services as part of https://bonusfamilies.com. Should you have any questions specific to your case, please call or see your therapist or health care provider promptly. You should never disregard medical or psychological advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on the Site. If you think you may have an emergency, call 911 immediately.
Use of Content
Bonus Families® authorizes you to view or download a single copy of the material made available on the Site solely for your personal, noncommercial use if you include the following copyright notice: Copyright 2006, Bonus Families®. All rights reserved, and other copyright and proprietary rights notices that were contained in the Content. You agree that you will not upload or transmit any communications or content of any type that infringe or violate any rights of any third party. We reserve all our other rights. Among other things, this means you must not sell our information, rewrite or modify it, redistribute it, put it on your own web site, or use it for any commercial purpose without our prior written permission.
Any special rules for the use of certain software and other items provided on the Site may be included elsewhere within the Site and are incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference.
The Content is protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. Title to the Content remains with Bonus Families® or its licensors. Any use of the Content not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Content and features are subject to change or termination without notice in the editorial discretion of Bonus Families®. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to Bonus Families® and its licensors.
If you violate any of these Terms of Use, your permission to use the Content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Content.
Liability of Bonus Families®
If you are dissatisfied with www.bonusfamilies.com, any information found thereon, or with any www.bonusfamilies.com Terms of Use or Privacy Policy, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using www.bonusfamilies.com. The Site, the Content, and any and all services or products promoted via the Site are provided on an as is basis. The use of the Site, the Content and any product or service discussed or promoted via the Site is at your own risk. When using the Site, information will be transmitted over a medium that is beyond the control and jurisdiction of Bonus Families® and its suppliers. Accordingly, Bonus Families® assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Site.
Additionally, third parties, not Bonus Families® sell the products on the Bonus Families® website. While Bonus Families® receives referral fees in many cases, it does not control the manufacture or formulation of the products, nor does it control any statements about products other than those on www.bonusfamilies.com. Therefore, Bonus Families®, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Specifically, Bonus Families®, makes no representations or warranties that: (1) the services, Content, software, text, graphics, links or communications provided on or through use of the Site, by Bonus Families® or any third party, are accurate, reliable, complete, timely or error-free; (2) files available for downloading from or via this online site will be free of infection by viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties; (3) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Services or Content will be reliable; (4) the quality or efficacy of any product and/or service of any third party that is discussed, promoted, obtained, or purchased within or via the Site, its Services or Content will meet your expectations; or (5) any errors in the Services or Content will be corrected.
Bonus Families® is not liable for any personal injury, including death, caused by your use or misuse of the Site or Content or by any products you purchase from a third party. In no event shall Bonus Families® or any third parties be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to use the Site or the Content whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory, and whether or not Bonus Families® is advised of the possibility of such damages. Any liability of Bonus Families® shall be limited to the actual damages incurred by you, not to exceed U.S. $100.00
The above exclusions may not apply in jurisdictions that do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties. Any claims arising in connection with your use of the Site or any Content must be brought within one (1) year of the date of the event giving rise to such action occurred. Remedies under these Terms of Use are exclusive and are limited to those expressly provided for in these Terms of Use.
Advertisements, Product/Service Promotions and Links to Other Sites
Bonus Families® discusses certain products and/or services of third parties on the Site. In many cases the third-party product and/or service provider will pay Bonus Families® a referral fee for purchases made by individuals that are referred to it by Bonus Families®. As noted above, Bonus Families® makes no representations or warranties regarding the efficacy of these products and/or services, and your use of any product or service that is discussed or promoted via the Site is at your own risk and is subject to these Terms of Use. Other than as noted herein, Bonus Families® does not endorse the content on any third-party websites. Bonus Families® is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within the Bonus Families® Site, or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites.
User Submissions and Contributions
Any E-mail or other communications or content you send to any part of this Site is non-confidential for all purposes. If you make any such submission, you automatically grant or warrant that the owner of such content has expressly granted Bonus Families® a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform and display the communication or content in any media or medium, or any form, format or forum now known or hereafter developed. Bonus Families® may sublicense its rights through multiple tiers of sublicenses.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Bonus Families®, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms of Use.
General
Bonus Families® is based in Pleasanton, CA, in the United States of America. Bonus Families® makes no claims that the Content is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Bonus Families® Site from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of these Terms of Use for any reason whatsoever: Liability, User Submissions, Indemnity, Jurisdiction, and Complete Agreement.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining what information we collect, how we might use that information and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at the Site.
The Information Collected and the Use of the Information
When you email Bonus Families® you are automatically added to our address book. This information will be used by Bonus Families® for subsequent Bonus Families® mailings, but your email address will not be sold to another party.
Links To/From Other Sites
Http://bonusfamilies.com contains links to other web sites that are operated by third parties. Other sites may also reference or link to https://bonusfamilies.com. The services or products described or advertised on the Site are generally sold by other parties on other sites. Bonus Families® is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other sites. Bonus Families® makes no representations concerning any effort to review the content of sites to which it may be linked and has no control over information submitted to other sites. Visitors should consult the other sites privacy notices prior to submitting any information, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Licenses and Idea Submissions
You agree to grant to Bonus Families® a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual license, with the right to sublicense, to reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, publicly display and publicly perform any materials and other information (including, without limitation, ideas contained therein for new or improved products or services) you submit to public areas of www.bonusfamilies.com by all means and in any media now known or hereafter developed. You hereby waive your moral rights in any such materials and information, and you hereby warrant that any such materials and information are original with you, or that you have the right to submit such materials and information. You agree that you shall have no recourse against Bonus Families® for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your communication to us.
Security
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures that we believe are reasonable to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. However, you provide information to us at your own risk. Bonus Families® will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law and as set forth herein.
General
Revisions to Agreement
This Agreement may be revised, modified, altered or updated in the future without notification or cause. You agree that after consenting, you will be bound by such revisions, modifications, alterations, or updates. If you do not accept the revised terms of the Agreement, you may continue to enjoy those features of the Site that do not require acceptance.
Entire Agreement
This instrument, as modified from time to time as described below, and including the policies incorporated by reference, sets forth the entire understanding and Agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and it supersedes any prior or contemporaneous understandings of any kind or nature. By agreeing to these terms, you represent that you are not relying on any agreement, representation or warranty pertaining to the subject matter hereof that is not expressly set forth herein.
Severability
The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and in the event any provision hereof is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not in any way affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof.
Trademark Information and Infringement
Bonusfamily, bonusfamilies, bonus family, bonus families, bonusmom, bonusdad, bonuskid, ex-etiquette, and exetiquette are registered trademarks registered with the United States Trademark Office. Please call Jann Blackstone-Ford, director of Bonus Families®, for information about their use. 1-925-600-8066 or 1-925-516-2681.
Copyright 2006, Bonus Families®. All Rights Reserved