http://borntolove.com/privacy.html
Home
Articles
Frugal Baby Tips
The Diaper Facts
Diapering Resources
Diaper Product Reviews
Diaper Company Reviews
Miscarriage Articles
All of our Articles
Storefront
US Storefront
Canadian Storefront
Community
BTL on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Diaper Discussions
Frugal Baby Tips blog
Frugal Freebies
Pregnancy Stories
Catalogue Request Center
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Disclosure Policy
Safe Shopping
About Us
Forum
Contact
Popular Articles:
Privacy Statement for Born to Love
What information does Born to Love collect?
Amazon will collect information from you when you place an order.
When ordering or registering through our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
What do Born to Love use your information for?
Any of the information Born to Love collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To process transactions
• Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
• To send periodic emails
• The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do Born to Love protect your information?
Born to Love implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Amazon Affliate - Born to Love is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees.
Amazon offers the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into their Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will be stored on their servers.
Does Born to Love use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Amazon uses cookies to help them remember and process the items in your shopping cart. Born to Love use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that Born to Love can offer a better site experiences and tools in the future. Born to Love may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Does Born to Love disclose any information to outside parties?
Born to Love does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. Born to Love may also release your information when Born to Love believes release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, Born to Love may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. Born to Love therefore has no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, Born to Love seeks to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because Born to Love values your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. Born to Love therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Born to Love is in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), Born to Love does not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Kontera Audience Program Information
Born to Love uses third-party companies to serve ads and collect non-personally identifiable information (e.g., the pages you visit, and which links you click, which ads you see and click on, and the categories of search terms you enter) when you visit our web site. These companies may use the information outlined above (which does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies often use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click for the NAI universal user opt-out program.
Public Forums
This site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If Born to Love decides to change our privacy policy, Born to Love will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 02/13/2016
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.borntolove.com
Email: catherine@borntolove.com
Privacy Policy Created by Free Privacy Policy
Send questions, comments, and suggestions to: catherine@borntolove.com
Born to Love articles are written by Catherine McDiarmid-Watt
Google+ Profile: +Catherine McDiarmid-Watt
Born to Love is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees.
NOTE: All logos, company names, brands, images, trademarks and other intellectual property are the property of their respective owners.
Born to Love is a participant in the eBay Partner Network, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to eBay.com.
Copyright © 1978 -
BorntoLove.com - All Rights Reserved.
Last updated - September 16, 2020