https://bugspray.com/about#what-about-our-privacy-policy
HOME
PEST
ANIMALS
INSECTS
EVERYTHING ELSE
LABELS SDS
LABELS
SDS
PRODUCT MANUALS
VIDEO
ANIMALS
DUSTERS
FOGGERS
INSECTS
PRODUCTS
PRODUCT SPOTLIGHT A-E
PRODUCT SPOTLIGHT F-O
PRODUCT SPOTLIGHT P-Z
PRODUCT SETUP
SAFETY FIRST
SPRAYERS
TRAP SETUP
SAFETY FAQ
CHILD SAFE?
PEOPLE SAFE?
PET SAFE?
WILDLIFE SAFE?
SAFETY VIDEOS
AEROSOLS
CONCENTRATES
DUST
GRANULES
NOZZLE INSTALL
ABOUT
NEWSLETTER
PRIVACY
RETURNS
OUR SERVICES
SERVICE
COMPANIES
WE
TRUST
ZIKA
CONTACT
800-877-7290
E-MAIL
STORE LOCATION
STORE HOURS
PROMO’S
…ABOUT US   Who is BUGSPRAY.COM (U-Spray)?Store AddressStore HoursGet Directions Here…ABOUT OUR PRODUCTSCan our products be found locally?Are our products people safe?Are our products child safe?Are our products pet safe?Are our products safe for the environment and wildlife?Just how safe are our products? What makes our products so special?How long should you leave a room after treating?What is the shelf life of our products?Looking to hire a Pest Control Service Company and want us to refer someone?…ABOUT ORDERING FROM US AND OUR SECURITY POLICYHow can you place an order with us?Do we keep your credit card on file?What about our privacy policy?What about cookies?About our Newsletter..Are we sharing information with third parties?Are we secretly obtaining your consent to something?…ABOUT OUR RETURN POLICYWhat is our return policy?…ABOUT US    ^
Who is BUGSPRAY.COM (U-Spray)? ^
Bugspray.com is a small business based in the southeast just outside Atlanta, GA which has been selling professional pest control chemicals and equipment for over 20 years. Bugspray.com specializes in helping people spray for any kind of pest infestation found in the home, yard, garden or place of business. Bugspray.com has been enabling homeowners and business owners a way to do their own pest control safely and effectively by selling only the best products and offering professional advice on how to use them. No doubt doing your own pest control can save over 70% compared to hiring a pest control service company so learning how to do the work is well worth the time and effort.
Bugspray.com was founded by Jonathan Schaefer back in 1992. After working in the pest control business for over 15 years, Mr. Schaefer decided to see if he could present his expertise to homeowners in a way that would enable them to tackle tough pest problems. Within a couple of years, he found out there were a lot of people willing to try and at present time, U-Spray now services the entire country shipping a wide range of products used inside and around the home.
Though the main focus of our business is Pest Control, we have learned to accommodate the demands of our customers. We now carry a wide range of products including live traps, pet supplies, bathouses, garden supplies, turf products, odor control products and a full line of specialty equipment. Our goal is simple and direct: If there is something bugging you, we want to know and once we know what it is, we will either detail a solution to the problem or direct you to an establishment that can.
Store Address ^
U-SPRAY, INC.
4653 Stone Mountain Hwy
Lilburn, GA 30047
770-985-9388
Store Hours ^
9:00 – 5:00  Monday – Friday
9:00 – 1:00  Saturday
Get Directions Here ^
Need Directions? Enter your address and click the button.
…ABOUT OUR PRODUCTS ^
Can our products be found locally? ^
Probably not. Though a few are main stream, most products we sell are highly specialized and not readily available through common retail outlets. As limited as these lines are here in the United States, they are pretty much unavailable outside our country. If you reside in any other country beside the U.S., don’t expect to find anything we sell where you regularly pick up groceries or go shopping. Our products are the main stay for professional service companies. We are making them available to the general public and with education and training, hope to enable anyone to do their own pest control so they can avoid the costly expense of hiring a service.
Can anyone do the work? Definitely not. However, if you are a do-it-yourselfer, our product line and technical support will make your job easy.
Are our products people safe? ^
Yes. No doubt this is probably the single most common question we are asked besides “what’s the best spray for roaches?”.
The bottom line is that todays products are as safe and can be used where people, children and pets live. But how can this be if they are designed to kill pests? The answer is science, funding, testing and more testing.
Simply put, the federal government (specifically the EPA and FDA) won’t allow products to reach the public if it is known to pose a hazard . And pesticides have to go through some of the most rigorous testing of all to ensure everyone’s safety. Second only to medicine, the pesticides we carry have all undergone an array of tests to make sure they won’t put the applicator, the people who will be in the area where the product is applied or the local environment in danger. This means that when you apply our products the way the label reads and the we advise, you won’t be presenting or creating a hazard to you, your family or your pets. For more specific details on how to safely mix, apply and store our products, we invite you to view our SAFETY VIDEOS which cover everything you’ll need to know.
Are our products child safe? ^
Most definitely yes. Again, as explained above, children should be kept away from the area when treating but once treatments dry, they can come back and go about their normal routine without a significant hazard present. This happens because essentially, the active applied will be so dispersed its not able to impact complex life like mammals (people, pets, wildlife). True, the concentrates can cause issues if accidentally consumed so like bleach or ammonia, one must store them where children and pets won’t have access.
Are our products pet safe? ^
Yes again. Like children, you’ll want to keep pets away from the area being treated but whether you’re treating inside the home or out in the yard, once the treatments dry pets can come back to the area and go about their normal activity without undue hazard present.
Are our products safe for the environment and wildlife? ^
Yes. Again, when applied properly, the treatments should have an impact on the target pest but not complex animals like birds, squirrels and other creatures who visit your yard.
Just how safe are our products?
^
In fact todays products have progressed chemically to such a degree that they are generally less concentrated, pose little or no hazard to mammals once dilute and have short residuals. Very few materials currently available have persistent residuals or pose unnecessary hazard to people, pets or our environment. This means they can be used as we describe without posing any hazard. That being said, having some understanding of the inherent risks any one type of product may have can be very helpful when trying to make a decision about what to use. The following will help explain some of the different hazards associated with different forms of the products we sell.
Remember the word “hazard” means “potential to harm” and not actual harm itself. For example, both a firecracker and a stick of dynamite are hazardous when used carelessly. Furthermore, the stick of dynamite poses a far greater “hazard” then the firecracker because it can do more harm if it gets used the wrong way. Pesticides are much the same; most formulations today have little or no hazard associated with their use and virtually nothing to worry about after the application.
However, the greatest hazard lies with where and how they are stored. Clearly there are many household products which must be stored away from children and pets and concentrated pesticides are no different. If there is one area where concern is warranted, this is it. Be sure to keep them out of young peoples hands and where pets won’t have access. This will help to minimize the hazard of keeping concentrates in the home and keep accidents from happening. Understanding the details of these differences may have an impact on the decision you make regarding what to use but again, when any of them are used properly tour products pose little or no hazard to the immediate environment where applied.
To get a better understanding of how to safely handle, mix, use and store our pesticide products, view our SAFETY GUIDELINE VIDEOS.
What makes our products so special? ^
Simply put, we offer the best products available for doing pest control. You won’t find what we sell at your local Home Depot or other “big box” retailer. We sell what professionals use.
In general, our products will be concentrated, highly refined, efficient to use and very effective. The key is knowing which product to use for any given pest problem. Fortunately our staff is well trained and ready to ask the right questions to help you decide what product will be best for your situation.
Pesticides fall into one of three general groups: Baits, RTU (Ready To Use materials like aerosols, dusts or granules) and liquid or dry concentrates.
Todays insect baits have active ingredients that work on insects but are basically digested and processed as food when mammals accidentally eat them. Even the Rat and Mouse poison of today is much less toxic to non-target animals. Earlier formulations posed a much greater hazard which meant that small doses could impact a small dog or cat. However, most of todays rodenticides would require a lot more to do harm to the family pet and when used properly, such quantities should not be available.
Furthermore, insect baits don’t really have impact on mammals which accidentally eat them. For this reason, insect baits are clearly the safest material to use in virtually all situations. They take longer to work compared to liquids, dusts or aerosols but they have proven to be an effective tool for both elimination and preventive treatments for many types of insects. For this reason they should be a part of the overall integrated pest management plan but probably not the only course of action if you have an active infestation.
Ready to use materials, like dust, aerosols or granules, have low amounts of active ingredient. This means they, too, have little hazard associated with their use. The biggest hazard lies with the applicator since they might accidentally spray some in their eyes or get some on their hands. If this was to happen, their eyes would sting and need to be washed – much like what should be done if you were to accidentally spray WD-40 or hair spray in these areas. Once applications dry, there is little hazard to people or pets that walk in treated rooms.
How long should you leave a room after treating? ^
The rule to follow is to keep children and pets out during the application and for a long enough time period following the treatment to insure the application dries. This will usually be in 15-30 minutes so waiting an hour would be plenty of time.
If you treated with a dust, it is best to “clean” any product which is left out in the open following the treatment and this can be done with warm water and a rag.
Granular applications done outside or in carpeting don’t have a dry time; once applied they should be dispersed over such a large area that walking on them will not put anyone at risk. Don’t worry about runoff affecting waterways either as long as you keep away from ponds, rivers and streams as the label direct.
Compared to baits, Aerosols, Granules and Dusts are slightly more hazardous but still pose little or no hazard to people and the environment when used properly. Clearly the person doing the application – especially with aerosols – are the main individuals who have the biggest chance for an accidental exposure. Just be careful of where you are spraying and be sure to do so where it is well ventilated and the hazard will be minimized. Furthermore, keeping children and pets out of treated rooms until the material dries will further help to reduce and/or eliminate any hazard. Since Aerosols, Dusts and Granules tend to work longer and faster, they are are fairly common and should be part of any complete integrated pest management program.
Liquid concentrates are the one form which does pose a legitimate hazard. This is because it is concentrated. Once diluted, its hazard is greatly reduced if not eliminated. However, the concentrate needs to be handled much like bleach or ammonia. Be sure to store it where children and pets won’t have access to it. It is also a good idea to keep children and pets off treated surfaces and out of rooms getting treated until such applications are able to dry. This will generally take no more then 1 hour but if it is humid and damp, waiting a few hours is suggested.
Turf applications require dry time as well and it is best to keep children and pets off one full day to insure all areas are dry. Liquid treatments will offer the fastest control possible and will generally get a broader range of control for more insects. Probably the most common type of application done today, liquid treatments are still what most people think of when needing to do pest control.
In summary, you can rest assured that we have made a special effort to control that which we sell. The products we now have represent the cream of the crop. Bait formulations available today will actually work on a large range of insects and are quite effective. However, they do take longer to have an impact so if you want immediate results, use the aerosols, dusts or liquid concentrates we recommend. In many cases a combination of all three is as good as it gets and should be implemented if you want both immediate and long term control. As for the warning statements which many of them carry on their packages, you must understand that these are standard labeling requirements  which must be printed on most anything we sell. These statements can be found on many household concentrates and cleaners and they are present for good reason: concentrates should be kept out of the reach of children and pets and should only be handled by adults who know how to use them.
What is the shelf life of our products? ^
Because our products are made for professional use, most are quite stable and will last several years when stored properly. That being said, there are some which are prone to rapid degradation. Now what do we mean by “properly”? A proper location is a cool, dry location out of the elements and direct sunlight. Common “proper” locations include basements. But even when stored in a “proper” location, most any of our gel bait products (roach gel, ant gel, etc.) still have the shortest life of what we distribute.
Gel baits are prone to a fast break down – especially if you store them where it’s hot. So if you don’t expect to use any gel bait you get from us within one year, be sure to keep them in a cool, dry “proper” location. In fact, storing them in a refrigerator is not a bad idea and in doing so, you’ll insure the bait stays fresh for 1-2 years.
Next in line are bait granules (Niban, Maxforce, Advance, etc.) which are no doubt more stable; store them in a cool dry location as well so they’ll last at least what’s expected: 3-4 years.
Longer lasting are our liquid concentrates which will generally last at least 5 years before significant breakdown.
Lastly, wettable powders, dusts and lawn granules will last 7-8 years when stored properly.
Looking to hire a Pest Control Service Company and want us to refer someone? ^
Now if you’ve already decided that you want to hire a pest control service and need a reference, we can help. We have been sending our customers to a site which has a database of verified pest control service companies who we trust. To find one in your area, click the link below which will put you on their site. Once on the site, you’ll need to enter your zip code. The site will then show you companies in your area that can do the work.
Now if you decide to hire a company the site recommends, please let us know how your experience goes and be sure to get at least 3 quotes if possible.
CLICK FOR A LIST OF PEST CONTROL COMPANIES IN YOUR REGION
…ABOUT ORDERING FROM US AND OUR SECURITY POLICY ^
How can you place an order with us? ^
There are many ways. Through our shopping cart or on the phone are the most popular but you are welcome to visit our physical location anytime during regular business hours. Our in depth articles have links to products which are in our shopping cart so if u know what you need, go directly to the cart which can be seen here:
BUGSPRAYCART.COM
Do we keep your credit card on file? ^
Absolutely not. This would breach federal PCO policy which is strict. Though our payment systems might know your card info once data is entered, we’re not able to see it and the system “forgets” all info within a month.
What about our privacy policy? ^
Real simple. We don’t collect information on our customers except that which is needed for the sole purpose of order processing. Furthermore, no where on any of our pages is data being collected by some other agency. We will only ask your name and address for shipping purposes and though we keep it on file, it is only stored in our private database which is secured and not on line so no poking or prodding eyes have access to it.
For those of you who sign up for our newsletter, we only keep your email address. That’s it. And we don’t share, sell, exchange or do anything with any other company or agency with your address.
What about cookies? ^
Unfortunately “cookies” will be used when you browse our pages but they are temporary, not aggressive and they won’t linger. And you can turn them off and still browse our site effectively.
About our Newsletter.. ^
Want to keep informed on “everything pest control”? Then you need to SUBSCRIBE to our twice a month newsletter. This informative email subscription will provide up-to-date pest activity as reported around the country. Keep current on “hot” topics like ZIKA, invasive pests like KUDZU BUGS and more. Topics include what’s active around the country, what to expect in the near future and how the weather will affect local pest activity. Product spotlights, video demo’s, high resolution pest pictures and current “promo’s” are also featured. Simply put, this isn’t the standard annoying “pest like” newsletter that keeps showing up and won’t go away. In fact its quite the opposite and well worth SUBSCRIBING TOO HERE.
Are we sharing information with third parties? ^
No. There are no third parties involved with our pages though many wish they were. We have repeatedly turned down all offers and don’t see any reason to change this policy.
Are we secretly obtaining your consent to something? ^
No again. There are no disclaimers written in fine print hidden amongst the thousands of pages we have posted on line which is somehow committing you to something you want no part of just because you browse our sight. Nothing. No need to worry about any hidden “opt in” lists or consents – they don’t exist. The information we collect if you place an order (phone numbers, addresses, e-mails, etc.) is only for our use and to insure we are able to contact you regarding orders, shipments, product performance and our newsletter for those who subscribe.
…ABOUT OUR RETURN POLICY ^
What is our return policy? ^
No monetary refunds for purchases which are over 30 days old.
Full store credit for purchases up to 90 days.
All trap sales are final; no returns or credits on traps.
No returns or credits when product has been opened, used or otherwise not resell-able.
For returns of items purchased 30 days or less, there is a 10% restocking fee. For example, a $10.00 return would be charged $1.00 leaving $9.00 actually refunded. You may decide to simply take the store credit which would be the product cost in full. Furthermore, you will also get a store credit for the charge of shipping the product to you in the first place which will then be applied to the shipping costs for whatever product you decide to get in the future. However, you will be responsible for the shipping cost of the returned item. In the rare case where we take back anything purchased more than 30 days ago, the restocking fee will be at least 15% but it could be more depending the item, how long ago it was purchased, etc.
Be aware that shipping costs are not refundable. This includes the initial shipping charge as well as the cost to ship the unwanted product back to us. For example, on a purchase of $15.00 that had a $6.00 shipping charge for a total of $21.00, there would be no refund of the shipping as well as a 10% restocking fee upon return. This means the actual refund would only be for $13.50. If you choose to take the store credit, which is 100% of the initial purchase for up to 90 days, you would only have to pay the freight to get the product shipped back to us. In this example, the $21.00 charge for the first invoice could then be fully applied to some other product we sell. For this reason the return of product for store credit is much more practical then returns for refund.
For any return, be sure to include a copy of your original receipt of purchase along with a detailed explanation of why you are returning the product. Be sure to state whether you want a refund or store credit and if you are exchanging the item returned, be sure to include a current day time phone number and ship to address along with details of what you want.
Send returns to:
U-Spray, Inc.
Attn: Returns
4653 Stone Mountain Hwy
Lilburn, GA 30047
Recent Questions
STINKHORN PHALLUS FUNGUS PROBLEM
Russet mite control on tomatoes
Biscuit beetle spray and treatments
how to catch rat that won’t go in my trap by step trapping
CART CHECKOUT
Monthly Newsletter Signup
Email:
SAMPLE NEWSLETTER