https://debtguru.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
This privacy statement explains what information is collected on the DebtGuru.com®/American Credit Foundation® site, how the information is used, and who has access to it. If you are younger than 16 you must get permission from your parents or legal guardian to provide your name or any information about yourself in this Web site.
DebtGuru.com®/American Credit Foundation® does not collect any personally identifying information from this site without the knowledge and consent of the individual concerned. Such information is collected only through voluntary online questionnaires on the DebtGuru.com®/American Credit Foundation® site.
We want your information (including Personally Identifiable Information) to remain as secure as possible. We strive to provide secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers through industry-standard techniques. To help ensure the integrity and privacy of the Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us via the Internet, at the time you elect to enroll in our Debt Management Program, we use Secured Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology in transmitting such Personally Identifiable Information over the Internet to our servers. The Personally Identifiable Information you provide is stored on servers located in controlled, secure environments, protected from unauthorized access, use, or alteration. Only employees who need access to your information to perform a specific task or function are granted access to such information. No personal data is ever stored on our web servers. In addition, all of our employees are required to abide by this Privacy Policy and are kept up-to-date on security practices. Any employee who violates this Privacy Policy is subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Notwithstanding the above commitments to protect your information (including Personally Identifiable Information) from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. There is also some risk that others could find a way to thwart our security systems. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guaranty or warrant the security and privacy of any information you transmit to us, and YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
While on the DebtGuru.com®/American Credit Foundation® website you may request consumer information or other services (free quote, etc.). For us to fulfill your request, you may need to provide us with your email address, regular mail address, or telephone number. Our use of that information will be limited to the purpose of providing the requested information.
If you decide to voluntarily complete our Debt Management Application, several types of personal information are gathered for use by our certified credit counselors in your confidential counseling session. Confidential information collected in the debt management application process includes name, email address, street address, telephone number, social security number, employment information, budget information and creditor information, including account numbers. The information gathered will be used to determine an appropriate solution to your financial situation. Specific uses of this information are: To contact you and to confirm your identity when you call us, to identify your accounts with your creditors and/or to contact and negotiate with your creditors.
DebtGuru.com®/American Credit Foundation® does not rent, loan, trade, sell, or lease any personal information collected by our organization including Debt Management Applications or email lists. All personal information is used solely by DebtGuru.com®/American Credit Foundation® as directed by the consumer.
If you contact DebtGuru.com®/American Credit Foundation® by e-mail, you should be aware that e-mail transmissions may not be secure. Information you send by e-mail could be viewed in transit by a third party. debtguru.com will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during transmission.
DebtGuru.com®/American Credit Foundation® reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy, or any other DebtGuru.com®/American Credit Foundation® policy or practice, at any time without notice to any users of the DebtGuru.com®/American Credit Foundation® Web site. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to the Web sites.
FREE PROFESSIONAL ADVICE We offer FREE Debt Counseling.
Get answers to lower or eliminate your debts.
CALL US AT: 1-888-631-4044
If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.
Search DebtGuru