https://douggreensgarden.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarYou are here: Home / Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://douggreensgarden.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We ask for your email to ensure a reply. This may be stored on our email servers for an extended time.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. (Note this reader login is currently not set to collect or retain data as no login is needed to view this site.)
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
If you fill in a form on the site, it goes directly to Doug Green and is not stored on this site
Google Analytics collects data and stores it – beyond our control.
WordPress.com provides anonymized traffic data to this site and this data is stored at WordPress.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site,
you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments will be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
You can contact Doug at doug@douggreensgarden.com.
Your email address will be retained by Google if this is through a forwarded email system.
Share this:TweetPrimary SidebarSearch this website
Subscribe For Updates
Enter your email address:
About
Blog
Contact
Updates
Recent Posts
Why Growing Long Stem Roses Won’t Work In The Home Garden
Horticultural Glue: The Simplest, Easiest Method To Reduce Insect Problems
Can I Turn My Swimming Pool Into A Pond?
How To Understand a Landscaping Contract
Bad Gardening Tips and Doug Shakes His Head
What I Learned From Building A Dry Stone Wall
It’s A Major Overhaul.
Why I Don’t Recommend Mushroom Compost
Reflections On A Crazy Year: 2020 In The Garden
Garden Tool Review:
Korean Plow Hoe
My Best Gardening Tips
My apologies if you've not found what you're looking for. You may find your answer with this link Click here to get my best garden tips