https://economicsecurityplanning.com/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Cookie Policy
Last Updated: May 21, 2018
What this policy covers
A “cookie” is the name for a piece of data contained in a very small text file that is associated with your web browser. Cookies are typically used to store information to help web sites and applications deliver and improve their services. This policy explains our use of cookies and provides information about how you can control our use of cookies in your browser:
Our cookies and how to control them
Third-party cookies and how to control them
How we make changes to this policy
How to contact us with questions about cookies
This policy covers all websites, products and services offered by Economic Security Planning, Inc., under the following brands (hereafter referred to as “we,” “our services,” or “our sites”):
Maximize My Social Security
MaxiFi Planner
Analyze My Divorce Settlement
ESPlanner
ESPlanner Basic
ESPlanner Basic Canada
Economic Security Planning, Inc. (this site)
Important Notes:
We try to minimize data collection and offer you ways to opt out of automated data collection or marketing. We also encourage you to contact us with any specific concerns you feel we have not addressed. However, if you still do not agree with this cookie policy and your options herein, please simply do not access our services.
You may also want to review our Privacy Policy
Our cookies and how to control them
We use cookies directly to help provide our services to you. The cookies we set on your browser are used solely for two purposes:
Identifying your browser for security purposes so we know whether you are logged in or not and to associate your login session with your browser.
To keep track of minor preferences to improve your experience on the site, for example, whether you closed a particular alert message so we don’t keep showing you the same alert message repeatedly.
Because these cookies are either critical to the function and security of our services, or simple browsing enhancements, we do not offer you any direct control over them. However, you can adjust your browser preferences to reject all cookies from our sites and will be able to browse the informational parts of our sites but will not be able to log in to your account or access any of our financial planning tools.
For further information on controlling cookies in any browser, go the Help menu for the browser and search for “cookies.”
Third-party cookies and how to control them
Third-party service providers acting on our behalf use cookies to help deliver their services to us and you. We think it is a safe assumption that if you are concerned about these common third party services we use, you are surely concerned about their use on all sites you visit, not just ours. Therefore, we think it best for you to interact directly with the services for broader control of your privacy rather than simply blocking our site’s use.
All these providers offer simple ways to opt out or otherwise control their use of cookies. In addition, in most browsers, you can adjust your preferences/settings to not allow any third-party cookies, while still allowing our cookies. Go to the Help menu in your browser and search for “cookies” for further information.
Below is further detail about each third-party provider we use and how to specifically control their use of cookies or other tracking technology.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to understand our customers better in an effort to improve our existing sites and products, and inform our creation of new products and features. For further information on our use of Google Analytics data please see our Privacy Policy.
To control Google Analytics cookies and data collection, you have several options:
Use the "Do Not Track" header in your browser.
Install Google Analytics’ opt-out browser add on (available for all major browsers).
Review Google’s privacy policy and adjust your Google account’s privacy settings as desired.
Adjust your advertising settings/preferences at Google’s Ads Settings site
Opt out of Google’s and other vendors’ use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt out page.
YouTube
When you click on an embedded YouTube video in our sites, YouTube sets a variety of cookies to enable playback, though some of the cookies are also used for tracking.
To avoid YouTube cookies entirely, simply do not watch any videos on our sites. If you want to watch videos but opt out of advertising and tracking related cookies, see the Google cookie links above as YouTube is a Google property.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar to understand our customers better in an effort to improve our existing sites and products, and inform our creation of new products and features. For further information on our use of Hotjar data please see our Privacy Policy.
To control Hotjar cookies and data collection you can either
Use the "Do Not Track" header in your browser
Visit the Hotjar Opt-Out page
How we make changes to this policy
We keep our cookie policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page.
How to contact us with questions about cookies
Use the contact form on this site if you have any questions or concerns about this cookie policy.
Receive periodic updates and learn about our latest intelligent financial software.
Get Product News and Updates