https://faultless.com/resale-policy/
Resale Policy
Faultless partners with authorized resellers (“Resellers”) to market, promote, and sell consumer products via online websites and other channels, under the brand names and trade dresses owned or licensed by Faultless, including, but not limited to, the Faultless, Bon Ami, Garden Weasel, Kleen King, Magic, Niagara and Steel Glo trademarks (“Products”). To be considered an authorized Reseller, a business must comply with the requirements set forth below. Faultless may revoke such authorization at any time for any reason, including, but not limited to, a Reseller’s failure to meet or continue to maintain its business in compliance with this Policy. Faultless reserves the right to modify these terms and conditions at any time.
Faultless relies upon its Resellers to preserve supply chain integrity that is critical to maintaining the value of Faultless Products in the marketplace. Resellers may purchase Faultless Products only from Faultless or an authorized distributor of Faultless. Products not purchased from Faultless or its authorized distributors could be damaged or stored in conditions that might compromise Product integrity or be out of compliance with Faultless’ rigorous quality and safety standards. To ensure the safety and well-being of the end users of the Products, a Reseller shall cooperate with Faultless should any Product need to be recalled or safety information disseminated to consumers. Products purchased outside the authorized supply chain will void any warranty that Faultless might offer.
Resellers must use their best efforts to ensure that only consumers purchase the Products. Resellers may not sell or otherwise distribute products to any business-to-business (B2B) account, freight forwarder, retailer, or drop-shipper, or sell a quantity of Product to a third party that suggests that the purchaser intends to resell the products. Resellers may only sell the Products through its own physical store locations (including temporary storefronts at events or tradeshows) or through the Reseller’s own catalog and website. Resellers SHALL NOT promote, market, advertise, offer to sell or sell any Faultless Products on or through any online marketplace or auction service including, but not limited to 3rd party websites such as Alibaba.com, Amazon.com (.ca, .de, .es, .fr, .it, .mx, .uk), Buy.com, Craiglist.com, Ebay.com, Facebook Marketplace, Jet.com, Newegg.com, Overstock.com, Rakuten.com, Sears.com and Walmart.com. Note: Faultless actively participates in the Amazon.com Brand Registry Program, and similar programs, to prevent the advertising and sale of unauthorized, infringing and/or counterfeit merchandise. Unauthorized sale ads or auction of Faultless Products on Amazon or other sites will be removed or taken down as they are discovered.
Faultless has guidelines for displaying its brands, trademarks, copies of Product labels or photos of Products. Relabeling, repackaging (including the separation of bundled Products or the bundling of Products), and other alterations to the Products or packaging are not permitted
without Faultless’ prior written consent. Authorized Resellers have a revocable non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use Faultless’ brand names, logos, trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, and other intellectual property associated with the Products (“Faultless IP”) solely for the purpose of marketing and selling the Products. However, reselling Faultless Products on a website(s) that attempts to use Faultless’ trademarks in whole or in part as a website domain is prohibited.
On-line Resellers must publish and maintain a publicly accessible privacy policy and comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and policies related to advertising, sale, and marketing of Faultless Products on Reseller’s website. No Reseller shall make any claims that are misleading or inaccurate. Resellers must provide a high level of sales support. In resolving customer issues in a timely and courteous manner, Resellers must promptly provide Faultless with such information as Faultless may request concerning its Products.
Faultless does not guarantee that it will accept or will continue to accept any purchase order regardless of whether a customer is an authorized Reseller. Faultless may cancel or refuse to fulfill any purchase order, at any time, and for any reason. By purchasing Faultless Products, purchaser acknowledges and agrees that they are not an agent or employee of Faultless and will not hold themselves out as one, nor act for or bind Faultless in any way.
Report violations of this Policy to Ecommerce@faultless.com. Noncompliance with this Resale Policy may subject a Reseller to further legal action.