https://flooringguide.com/privacy-policy/
100% FREE Flooring Estimate!Call Now
Privacy Policy
Prestige Marketing Inc., a company registered in British Columbia, Canada, hereinafter referred to as ‘Prestige Marketing’ or ‘We’ have created this privacy statement (‘Statement’) in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of the details that You provide to us when using flooringguide.com (the ‘Site’) and the Prestige Marketing Services. In this Statement, references to ‘You’ and ‘Your’ are references to the Flooring Guide Member. When You use the Site and the Flooring Guide Services, You are consenting to the practices set forth in this Statement.
We know that Your privacy is very important to You which makes it very important to us. We aim to be as clear as possible in this Statement in respect of Your Personal Data. This Statement applies inter alia to Your Personal Data that We collect about You when You use the Site, how and when it is used, how We protect it and who has access to it.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE STATEMENT
This Statement governs Your use of the Flooring Guide Services, including any dispute concerning privacy. By using the Flooring Guide Services, You accept this Statement in full. You should read the Statement carefully and ensure that You understand its effect before proceeding to use the Site and the Flooring Guide Services. We reserve the right to modify this Statement at any time without notice by posting the changes on this page. Your continued use of any portion of the Site following the posting of the updated Statement will constitute Your acceptance of the changes.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED & HOW?
PERSONAL DATA
The Site asks You to provide various types of Personal Data to enhance the quality of the Flooring Guide Services We can provide to You and the more accurate the information You provide, the better We are able to respond to Your requirements! As part of the process of using the Site and the Flooring Guide Services, We may collect the following types of Personal Data about You (as applicable):
Your first name, last name, email and password (upon Sign-Up as a Flooring Guide Member on the Site);
Your gender, house number, date of birth, postcode and photo (upon further entering a Prize Draw and accruing Entries in Your Entries Bank by undertaking certain Flooring Guide Member Actions);
Your visits to the Site and the Flooring Guide Content that You download.
information about Your computer (including Your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and Site navigation);
any other information that You choose to send to us, including any request for further Flooring Guide Services, general correspondence, reports of a problem with the Site or the Flooring Guide Services.
information relating to any Prize Draws entered in to by You on the Site and any Prize Draws which You have been a Winner.
OTHER DATA
Other de-personalized data which does not record Personal Data as such, rather information such as the date of Your visit to the Site, the path taken, the browser used, the IP address etc. is used primarily to aid the technical administration of the Site, to better understand how the Site is functioning for Flooring Guide Members and to draw conclusions upon demographic information.
HOW IS THE INFORMATION USED?
You hereby expressly consent to Your Personal Data being passed on to third party companies or service providers for the sole purpose of fulfilling the Flooring Guide Services only (including making improvements to the Flooring Guide Services) and not for the purposes of those third parties making marketing communications to You, unless You have expressly consented to this being undertaken by a third party (“Flooring Guide Partners”). Flooring Guide Partners include our Flooring Guide Retailers who provide the Prizes so although You are under no obligation to provide such Personal Data to us, however, if You choose not to, some of the Flooring Guide Services may not be available to You.
You acknowledge that Your Personal Data may be used by Flooring Guide to contact a Flooring Guide Member by post, phone or by electronic mail when necessary in connection with Your use of the Site and the Flooring Guide Services including Your Flooring Guide Membership.
From time to time, Flooring Guide may contact You by electronic mail (or by telephone) by way of sending You various confirmations, notifications, feedback requests or any other newsletter or information or offers regarding upcoming Flooring Guide promotions, services or customer surveys. If You change Your mind, You can opt out of receiving some but not all of this as some are required as a necessary part of delivering the Flooring Guide Program and for operating the Flooring Guide Membership in order to continue to receive access to the Flooring Guide Services. You cannot opt out of receiving the Flooring Guide Membership Verification Email, the Flooring Guide Membership Email or the Winner Alert.
You can opt out of receiving direct marketing communications from Flooring Guide as described below.
Your Personal Data is used solely by Flooring Guide (and Flooring Guide Partners to the extent necessary to fulfill the Flooring Guide obligations to You and the Flooring Guide Retailer obligations to You where applicable) for the sole purpose of enabling Flooring Guide to act as a service provider to You and is not shared with any person or company without Your express consent.
Any Personal Data that is held with Flooring Guide shall be retained in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and related Data Protection Legislation and/ or our retention and destruction policy culminating in its permanent deletion.
If Personal Data has been passed to third parties with Your consent, You may need to contact them separately if You change Your mind in relation to their use of Your Personal Data.
OPTING OUT: If You do not wish to be contacted by Flooring Guide in respect of future marketing communications, We will give You the opportunity to unsubscribe to the receipt of such communications in every electronic mail communication that We send to You. Alternatively and additionally, You can contact Flooring Guide by sending an email to this email address with “UNSUBSCRIBE REQUEST” in the subject line or send Your request by post to Flooring Guide at the contact address below.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
To minimize the risk of unauthorized access to Your Personal Data, We use some of Your Personal Data to authenticate You when using the Site and the Flooring Guide Services.
For our daily operations, We may use the Flooring Guide Services of third parties to provide some of our business and operational functions. Consequently, some of the Flooring Guide Services are provided by Flooring Guide Partners and We need to disclose Your information to them to provide You with the Flooring Guide Services.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data in Compliance with Laws
You should be aware that We may release Your Personal Data when We believe it is necessary to comply with laws or regulations, to assist law enforcement, to enforce the terms under which You transact or communicate with or via Flooring Guide, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Flooring Guide, Flooring Guide Members or third parties.
Transfer of Your Personal Data outside of the EEA
From time to time, We may transfer Your Personal Data to a related company, agent or contractor in order to improve our Flooring Guide Services or to assist our security, credit risk or fraud protection activities. Such companies may be located outside of the EEA and You consent to the transfer of Your Personal Data to such companies for the purposes set out here in accordance with this Statement and as permitted by the Data Protection Legislation from time to time.
Transfer of Personal Data in the Event of the Sale of Flooring Guide.com or its Assets
In the event that Flooring Guide.com is sold or transfers some of its assets to another party, Your Personal Data could be one of the transferred assets. If Your Personal Data is transferred, its use will remain subject to this Statement. Your Personal Data will be passed on to a successor in interest in the event of a liquidation or administration of Flooring Guide.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA & FOR HOW LONG?
The privacy and protection of Your Personal Data is important to us. In addition, any Flooring Guide Member statistics that We may provide to prospective Flooring Guide Partners regarding Your usage of the Flooring Guide Services are provided in the aggregate only and do not include any individually identifiable data.
You acknowledge that email messages sent over the Internet are not encrypted and are not secure. Despite efforts to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Data You transmit to us, via, to, or from our Site. You accept that Flooring Guide cannot be held liable for any breaches of confidentiality that may occur as a result of the use of email. If there is any sensitive or confidential Personal Data, which You do not wish to communicate by email, please contact Flooring Guide by telephone or post to arrange an alternative method of communication. You transmit all such Personal Data at Your own risk.
How long We keep Your Personal Data collected through our Site depends on the context in which You provide it and the purpose for which We use it. We will only retain it for as long as is necessary for such purposes. We may send You direct marketing communications for as long as You do not unsubscribe from receiving the same from Flooring Guide.
Telephone calls: If You call any of the service telephone numbers quoted on this Site, We may record Your call. These recordings are used for training and quality control to ensure that We continuously monitor and improve our service standards.
COMPLAINTS OR QUERIES
Flooring Guide tries to meet the highest standards when collecting and using Personal Data. For this reason, We take any complaints We receive about this very seriously. We encourage You to bring it to our attention if You think that our collection or use of Personal Data is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Requests for information about our Statement or a ‘subject access request’ can be emailed to this email address or by writing to:
Prestige Marketing Inc. owner of Flooring Guide.com
123-2323 Boundary Rd
Vancouver, BC
V5M 4V8
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
We keep our Statement under regular review. This Statement was last updated on April 2, 2018.
Recent Posts
Time for a Bathroom Remodel? DIY? Contractor? Help!?
Sep 10, 2019
15 Home Security Travel Tips
Sep 3, 2019
Are You Throwing Money Out The Window?
Aug 30, 2019
Buying the Perfect Toilet Brush Caddy for your Bathroom
Dec 3, 2018
Prev
Next
1 of 61
Recent Posts
DIY
Time for a Bathroom Remodel? DIY? Contractor? Help!?
flooringguide
Sep 10, 2019
0
Should You Hire a Professional to Remodel Your Bathroom?
Are you unhappy with your bathroom? Do you feel crappy…
15 Home Security Travel Tips
Sep 3, 2019
Wonderful! You're going away on vacation. You've worked hard, and you deserve a break. Make sure you don't get a…
Are You Throwing Money Out The Window?
Aug 30, 2019
Homeowners know there are many ways to update the look of a home but, there are also many ways to increase home…
Buying the Perfect Toilet Brush Caddy for your Bathroom
Dec 3, 2018
Toilet brush caddies make nice bathroom accessories. The caddies are idea, since if you just leave the toilet brush…
Lower Your Home Energy Bills with These Tips
Dec 2, 2018
We are blessed with the discovery and proper utilization of energy around us. There are several sources of energy…
Prev
Next
1 of 49
Sign in
Welcome, Login to your account.
Forget password?
No account? Sign Up
Sign in
Recover your password.
A password will be e-mailed to you.