http://flowercarole.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Blog | Delve through powerfulfacts
Skip to content
Home
Health
News Category
Business
Contact Me
Privacy Policy
Open Menu
Home
Health
News Category
Business
Contact Me
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Browse:HomePrivacy Policy
Description
At flower carole, accessible from http://flowercarole.com/, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by flower carole and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in flower carole. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Information we collect
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.
How we use your information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including:
Provide, operate, and maintain our website
Improve, personalize, and expand our website
Understand and analyze how you use our website
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website, and for marketing and promotional purposes
Send you emails
Find and prevent fraud
Log Files
flower Carole follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Search for:
Search
Pic From HerePic From Here
Select Category
Business
Education
Entertainment
Finance
General
Health
Shopping
Technology
Wedding
Recent Posts
Coupon codes gives better discount for clients and how they function
Wonderful Strategies on How to Choose a Plumber
For Women Health Supplements Can Help Treat Specific Conditions
Learn the facts of Biotox gold
The precise things to know about dietary supplements
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Copyright © All rights reserved.