https://foodnouveau.com/privacy-policy/
HomeAll About Macarons
How-Tos
Easy Meals
Easy Desserts
All Recipes
All About French Macarons
Breakfast & Brunch
Appetizers
Soups
Snacks
Mains
Lunch
Meat
Pasta/Pizza/Risotto
Fish/Seafood
Vegetarian
Vegan
Noodles/Sautés
Casseroles/Stews
Quiches/Tarts
Sandwiches/Tartines
Salads
Condiments: Savory & Sweet
Desserts
Macarons
Dairy-Free Desserts
Cakes & Pies
Cookies & Bars
Custards & Puddings
Pastry
Chocolate
Candies
Frozen
Drinks
Books
Simply Citrus
French Appetizers
Video Classes
Travel
About
Hello There!
I'm Marie, a food lover from Quebec City, Canada. My passion is to take apart sweet & savory dishes from around the world and learn how to make them at home.
Learn more >
Let’s Connect!
Subscribe to Food Nouveau’s Newsletter
Food Nouveau found at http://www.foodnouveau.com/ (“Website”) is governed by the following privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”).
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what personally identifiable information we may collect and how it may be used. This statement only applies to this Website.
What information do we collect and how is it used?
Information You Voluntarily Submit to the Website: We may collect personal information from you such as your name or email address. For example, you may voluntarily submit information to the Website by leaving a comment, subscribing to a newsletter, or submitting a contact form. In addition, you are able to create a user profile, which allows you to create a username and password. We will store the username, but your password will not be visible in our records.
Information We Collect from Others: We may receive information about you from other sources. You may link your Facebook, Instagram, and/or Google accounts to your user profile. If you choose to link your Facebook, Instagram, and/or Google accounts to your user profile, we will receive your name, email address and profile picture associated with that account. The Website utilizes the Facebook commenting system, so if you choose to comment on a Website post, your profile picture will appear.
Automatically-Collected Information: We automatically collect certain information about you and the device with which you access the Website. For example, when you use the Website, we will log your IP address, operating system type, browser type, referring website, pages you viewed, and the dates/times when you accessed the Website. We may also collect information about actions you take when using the Website, such as links clicked.
Cookies: We may log information using cookies, which are small data files stored on your browser by the Website. We may use both session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until deleted, to provide you with a more personalized experience on the Website.
How your information may be used
We may use the information collected in the following ways:
To operate and maintain the Website;
To create your account, identify you as a user of the Website, and customize the Website for your account;
To send you promotional information, such as newsletters. Each email promotion will provide information on how to opt-out of future mailings;
To send you administrative communications, such as administrative emails, confirmation emails, technical notices, updates on policies, or security alerts;
To respond to your comments or inquiries;
To provide you with user support;
To track and measure advertising on the Website;
To protect, investigate, and deter against unauthorized or illegal activity.
Third-party use of personal information
We may share your information with third parties when you explicitly authorize us to share your information.
Additionally, the Website may use third-party service providers to service various aspects of the Website. Each third-party service provider’s use of your personal information is dictated by their respective privacy policies.
The Website currently uses the following third-party service providers:
Google Analytics
This service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website. Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics. Food Nouveau uses Google Analytics to collect demographic and advertising information. None of this information is personally identifiable – it is completely anonymous. Food Nouveau may share this information with third parties, primarily for sponsorship purposes. If you would like to opt-out of providing this information, please use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Tool.
Mail Chimp
This service is used for delivery of email updates and newsletters. If you subscribe to the Website’s newsletter, we will store your email address for purposes of delivering such communications. Please refer to Mail Chimp’s privacy policy for further information.
At this time, your personal information is not shared with any other third-party applications. This list may be amended from time to time in the Website’s sole discretion.
Except when required by law, we will not sell, distribute, or reveal your email addresses or other personal information without your consent; however, we may disclose or transfer personal information collected through the Website to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, which may be the result of a merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
Anonymous data
From time to time, we may use anonymous data, which does not identify you alone, or when combined with data from other parties. This type of anonymous data may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Examples of this anonymous data may include analytics or information collected from cookies.
Publicly visible information
If you create leave a comment on the Website through the Facebook commenting section, certain information may be publicly visible, such as your name and avatar picture. Your email address will never be available publicly.
Cookies
The Website uses cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize Website content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. Cookies may also be used by third-party services, such as Google Analytics, as described herein.
Users may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies, by the Website, by using a corresponding setting of your internet browser and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. However, if users deactivate the setting of cookies in your Internet browser, not all functions of our Website may be entirely usable.
Advertising
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising
For information regarding data collection by Mediavine ad partners including how to opt-out of data collection, please click here
Affiliate Program Participation
The Website may engage in affiliate marketing, which is done by embedding tracking links into the Website. If you click on an affiliate link, a cookie will be placed on your browser to track any sales for purposes of commissions.
Food Nouveau is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and links to Amazon.com. As part of this Amazon Associates program, the Website will post customized links, provided by Amazon, to track the referrals to their website. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales.
Newsletters
On the Website, you may subscribe to our newsletter, which may be used for advertising purposes. All newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels. The pixel is embedded in emails and allows an analysis of the success of online marketing campaigns. Because of these tracking pixels, we may see if and when you open an email and which links within the email you click. Also, this allows the Website to adapt the content of future newsletters to the interests of the user. This behavior will not be passed on to third parties.
Email addresses collected for leaving post comments are never used for anything besides comment notification, and occasionally for private responses to comments. These email addresses will not be sold or distributed to third parties, except for the winners of contests, or if a post calls out a specific exclusion to this policy.
Email addresses collected for newsletter subscription will only be used to send Food Nouveau’s newsletters. Those email addresses will never be used for any other purpose, and they will never be given or sold to third-parties.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Sensitive personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to the Website. This includes your social security number, information regarding race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health information, criminal background, or trade union memberships. If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
Children’s information
The Website does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian believes that the Website has personally identifiable information of a child under the age of 16 in its database, please contact us immediately and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Contact information
At any time, please contact us for questions related to this Privacy Policy.
Last updated: November 10, 2020.
Yum
Hello There!
I'm Marie, a food lover from Quebec City, Canada. My passion is to take apart sweet & savory dishes from around the world and learn how to make them at home.
Learn more >
Let’s Connect!
Search the Site
Search
Subscribe and Get a Free eBook!
Subscribe to my biweekly newsletter and instantly receive a *free* dessert eBook that contains 12 of my easiest, most delicious, most popular dessert recipes!
My Second Cookbook is Out Now!
French Appetizers is a fabulous collection of recipes that are perfect to serve when you host happy hour, gatherings for friends, or a casual evening meal.
The cookbook features 75 fresh, modern, and versatile French-inspired finger foods and small servings that are just perfect for l’apéro.
LEARN MORE
Lately on Instagram
This error message is only visible to WordPress admins
Error: There is no connected account for the user 1651788 Feed will not update.
Learn Something New: Popular How Tos
Triple Winner at the IACP Awards!
2018 IACP Digital Media Awards
"Best Individual Blog"
2017 IACP Digital Media Awards
"Best Recipe-Based Blog"
2017 IACP Photography Awards
"Best Food Styling in a
Commercial Food Photograph"
Video Classes
Main menu