https://footweartoday.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Latest News
Press
Contact
About us
Cookies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Media Pack
Footwear Industry Awards
Recruitment
Online Archive
2020 Digital Magazines
October/November
September
March/April
February
January
2019 Digital Magazines
December
October/November
September
August
June/July
May/June
March/April
February
January
2018 Digital Magazines
November/December
October
September
August
June / July
May
March / April
February
January
2017 Digital Magazines
November/December
October
September
August
June/July
May
March/April
February
January
2016 Digital Magazines
November/December 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
June/July 2016
May 2016
March/April 2016
February 2016
January 2016
2015 Digital Magazines
November/December 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
June/July 2015
May 2015
March/April 2015
February 2015
January 2015
Reader Registration
Webinars
Revolutionise your business
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Datateam Business Media Limited takes your privacy seriously. Below you can find more information about the personal data we collect, how we use it, and how we protect it. We endeavour to comply with relevant data protection legislation. This Privacy Policy covers:
acr-news.com
acrnewsawards.com
bathroomandkitchenupdate.com
bkuawards.co.uk
bmjindustryawards.co.uk
britishcasinoawards.co.uk
bsee.co.uk
bseedirectory.co.uk
buildersmerchantsjournal.net
buildingservicesforum.london
casinointernationalamericano.com
casinointernational-online.com
connectingindustry.com
convertermag.co.uk
datateam.co.uk
http://directory.convertermag.co.uk
diyweek.net
diyweekawards.co.uk
education-today.co.uk
electricalwholesalerawards.co.uk
electronicsindustryawards.co.uk
electronicsworkd.co.uk
ewnews.co.uk
footwearindustryawards.com
footweartoday.co.uk
gaminginternational.online
gardencentreupdate.com
globalamusementsandplay.com
heatingandventilating.net
housewaresinnovationawards.com
housewareslive.net
housewaresdirectory.co.uk
hvacrshow.com
ierawards.co.uk
innovativeelectricalretailing.co.uk
instrumentation.co.uk
measurementandsensors.com
onlinemanufacturing.irish
parkworld-online.com
printwearandpromotion.co.uk
printwearandpromotionlive.co.uk
processkey.co.uk
sensorsandinstrumentation.co.uk
skillfridge.co.uk
thevendies.co.uk
vendinginternational-online.com
Who we are?
Datateam Business Media Ltd is a B2B publishing, marketing and events company covering a host of business sectors from building services to retail and healthcare. With decades of business communication knowhow, the portfolio of Datateam business titles is a valuable hub of news and product information, offering registrants the opportunity to stay connected with the latest industry updates, and allowing advertisers to connect directly to decision makers through sponsorship opportunities, print and online advertisements and direct marketing campaigns. As such, any data you voluntarily give us may be shared within the group of companies. Each company is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (the UK’s independent body set up to uphold information rights) as a data controller.
Our business address is:
Datateam Business Media Limited
Registered office address: 15A London Road, Maidstone, Kent ME16 8LY
Telephone: +44 (0) 1622 687 031
www.datateam.co.uk
Registration Number in the Data Protection Register: ZA369905
Company number: 01771113
VAT ID: 927118425
If you have any questions regarding Datateam Business Media’s privacy policy, you can send us a message.
Other companies in Datateam Business Media Limited’s group:
PMGroup Worldwide Limited
Company number: 02244376
VAT ID: 528388707
Registration Number in the Data Protection Register: Z9333811
Registered office address: 15a London Road, Maidstone, England, ME16 8LY
Correspondence address: Mansard House, Church Road, Little Bookham, Surrey KT23 3JG
www.pmgrouplive.com
Pharma Times Media Limited
Company number: 09019637
VAT ID: 187032113
Registered office address: 15a London Road, Maidstone, England, ME16 8LY
Correspondence address: Mansard House, Church Road, Little Bookham, Leatherhead, Surrey, KT23 3JG
www.pharmatimes.com
Hayward Medical Communications Limited
Company number: 02625630
VAT ID: 596092111
Registration Number in the Data Protection Register: ZA321938
Registered office address: 15a London Road, Maidstone, England, ME16 8LY
Correspondence address: The Pines, Fordham Road, Newmarket, CB8 7LG
www.hayward.co.uk
Wisepress Limited
Company number: 01674260
VAT ID: 318386442
Registration Number in the Data Protection Register: Z6526276
Registered office address: 15a London Road, Maidstone, England, ME16 8LY
Correspondence address: 15 Lyon Road, London, SW19 2RL
www.wisepress.com
Biz Media Limited
Company number: 03035679
VAT ID: 311956901
Registration Number in the Data Protection Register: A8432122
Registered office address: 15a London Road, Maidstone, England, ME16 8LY
Correspondence address: Axe & Bottle Court, 70 Newcomen Street, England, SE1 1YT
What personal information we collect?
When registering on one of our websites, applying for a subscription or service, completing online or paper forms, or calling us, you may be asked to provide your full name, email address, postal address, phone number, job title, company name or other details about your job role or company, what sort of content you would like to hear about or how you would like to be contacted. We ask for this information to improve your experience and deliver content that is relevant to you.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Datateam Business Media’s websites use a variety of technologies including cookies to understand how you use the websites. These include:
Google Analytics, which builds up a standard internet log with information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We use this service to determine the amount of visitors to our site, and its separate parts. This information does not identify anyone.
Yudu Ltd (address: Primrose Studios, Primrose Road, Clitheroe, Lancs., BB7 1BT; company registration number 4452936), which provides online publishing applications allowing us to upload our magazines online or provide mobile applications for iOS and Android. When you access the digital editions of our magazines, available online, or when you use our mobile applications Datateam Business Media will be the data controller, while Yudu Ltd will be the processor. We have an agreement in place ensuring your data is collected and processed in compliance with the law and it is kept secure. You can find more about the information Yudu collects in their privacy policy (https://www.yudu.com/about/privacy).
LeadBoxer (address: Singel 542, 1017 AZ Amsterdam, Netherlands), which gives real-time information about who is on and interacting with our websites and lead generation assets.
ABC – Audit Bureau of Circulations Ltd (Saxon House, 211 High Street, Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, HP4 1AD) is an independent auditor, carrying out verification work with a high degree of skill and autonomy. They are data controller in common, verifying that we are capable of providing a particular service to industry-agreed standards. Please see “How do we use your information and when will we contact you?“ and “Do we share information with anyone else?” to understand how we share your personal data with ABC, the legal grounds for processing and for what purpose. You can view their Privacy Policy here: abc.org.uk/privacy-policy.
Datateam Business Media’s web servers automatically record information when you visit one of our websites. This includes your IP address, the date and time you visited our websites, the browser and language you use.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow), that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognise your browser, and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with personalised services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Provide access to certain parts of our websites
Keep track of selections you make when using some of our website tools
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits
Keep track of advertisements and related performance
Track users’ website activity*
*We may use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. The exact way will depend upon your internet browser and the settings are usually found under privacy or security – the All about Cookies website offers guidance for all modern browsers.
What happens if I disable cookies?
If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly and some account management features may not work.
To find more about how we use cookies and what they are, please read our Cookie Policy.
Do Not Track browser settings
“Do Not Track” (DNT) is a feature offered by some browsers. When enabled it requests that your browsing is not tracked (such as by third party ad networks, social networks and analytic companies). Datateam Business Media does not currently support DNT requests.
Mobile Applications
When you download or use our applications on your mobile or other devices, we might access or store information on your equipment. In most cases such information is used in a similar way to a web browser cookie. It enables our apps to remember you or provide you with the personalised content you have requested.
Your web browser or device may provide us with the following information: device identifier, IP address, MAC address, IMEI number, app ID, GPS location.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our websites, apps, during our events, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter or product, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our websites or apps.
How do we use your information and when will we contact you?
To analyse how our products and services are used
To improve the products and services we offer
To improve the user experience on our websites
To provide you with tailored services based on the preferences you have stated
To provide you with tailored services based on your usage patterns
To provide you with e-Alerts that you have subscribed to
To provide you with bespoke advertising based on your interests
To process transactions in a timely manner
To respond to any user enquiries (via live chat, email, telephone or post)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other website feature
To send periodic service administration emails regarding your orders, products, services and preferences. This means we may contact you using the details you provided for reasons related to the services you subscribed to or your activity on our website (e.g. to remind you of your password, to update you with information about our events you’re attending, competitions you’re entering, and the outcome of your participation, deliver tickets to you, to let you know of any changes to our services, if our site and services are expected to experience downtime for maintenance, to notify you of updates to our Privacy and Cookies Polices or Terms and Conditions of use, to inform you that your account has become dormant or out of date and to ask if you would like to continue using it again before we close it).
To ask your views about our products or services.
To deliver the magazine you are subscribed to
For our legitimate interests, which have been balanced against your own interests:
Direct marketing – to inform you of new or similar products, upcoming events, industry news, identify business development opportunities and possibilities for new partnerships. We will process your data with the intention to contact you only if we think the communication, product or service is relevant to your interests. We’ll inform you upon registration that your data will be used in such manner and give you the option to opt-out either at the point of registration or with every subsequent communication.
Suppression – to make sure that we do not contact you in the future if you have expressed your wish to unsubscribe.
Personalisation – to personalise the content you see on our website, based on your interests and occupation, improving your experience.
Web analytics – to assess the number of visitors to different pages and optimise them for future marketing campaigns. Keeping your customer details up-to-date – we might use external sources or service providers to verify the accuracy of the customer data you submit, or ensure that your details are still correct after a certain period of inactivity.
ABC auditing – to demonstrate that we present our circulations in a factual and independently verified manner.
Miscellaneous processing connected to any of the above.
How do we protect your personal information?
Datateam Business Media is committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and protect the information we collect.
Any financial transactions are processed through a secure gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we share information with anyone else?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer personal data to third parties outside of our group of companies, unless: we have informed you of this and you have provided your consent; the disclosure is to fulfil our legitimate interest; or it is required or permitted by law (when government bodies and law enforcement agencies require us to).
We might share your information across our group of companies (PMGroup Worldwide, Pharma Times, Hayward, Wisepress and Biz Media), where these companies have the legitimate interest to process your personal information.
Additionally, we might share your details with website hosting partners, service providers and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, where this is necessary to provide you with a service you have requested. Some of them might be based outside of the EU. We are transferring the data to them in a secure manner and we have agreements in place to protect your information.
Some of our titles are audited by ABC – Audit Bureau of Circulations Ltd. They are an independent auditor, carrying out verification work with a high degree of skill and autonomy. They are a data controller in common, verifying that we are capable of providing a particular service to industry-agreed standards. We share your personal data with ABC as we have the legitimate interest to do so. We have conducted an assessment to ensure that our interests do not contradict with your interests or fundamental rights. Please see “How do we use your information and when will we contact you?“ and “Do we share information with anyone else?” to understand how we share your personal data with ABC, the legal grounds for processing and for what purpose. You can view their Privacy Policy here: www.abc.org.uk/privacy-policy.
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third Party Links
Datateam Business Media’s websites contain links to external websites. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content, activities or privacy of these linked sites and any data you share. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
How long will we keep your information?
We will hold your personal data for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
If you have not used or updated your account in the last two years we might class it as dormant or delete it. We will email you to remind you before deletion. Please check your inbox regularly to see if we have sent you any emails about this.
Your Rights
You have the following rights regarding processing of your personal information:
The right to request access to, or copies of, your personal information
You have the right to access your personal data and supplementary information free of charge, as well as find out for what purposes we process it. We will ask for proof of ID. The documents we accept are: passport, driving licence, birth certificate, utility bill (from last 3 months), current vehicle registration document, bank statement (from last 3 months), and rent book (from last 3 months). Please do not send over originals via post!
We will do our best to respond at least within one calendar month. If we need more time we will get in touch to let you know.
The right to request amendment to your personal information
You have the right to request from us to update or amend any personal information we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure or restriction of the processing of your personal information
You can request from us to delete or remove your personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing. We can refuse your request if we have an overriding legitimate interest to continue the processing, if we need to comply with a legal obligation for the performance of a public interest task or exercise of official authority, archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific research, historical research or statistical purposes, or the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The right to withdraw consent
You can withdraw your consent for us to process your personal data for specific purposes. In this case we are permitted to store your personal information but not further process it for the specified purpose. We might keep only a few details in order to ensure we respect your wishes in the future.
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office
If you got in touch with us and you’re not happy with the outcome you can forward your complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (UK’s independent body set up to uphold information rights). You can find more about how to complain here: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
You can exercise all other rights at any time by contacting us by:
Emailing data@datateam.co.uk
Post at 15A London Road, Maidstone, Kent ME16 8LY
How to unsubscribe from direct marketing?
Email us at data@datateam.co.uk
Or follow the instructions at the bottom of any email you receive from us and we will promptly remove you from all specified correspondence.
Changes to our Privacy and Cookies Policy
We might update our Privacy or Cookie Policy from time to time. You may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to us. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use our websites or to submit personal information to us. You can delete your account and information at any time. If significant changes are made, for example how we would like to use your personal information, we will provide a more prominent notice as an email notification of Privacy Policy changes.
Useful Definitions
Data or Personal Data – means any information relating to an “identified or identifiable natural person” (‘data subject’); who can be identified, directly or indirectly by such information.
Process / Processing – any handling of personal information, by manual or automated means, including but not limited to:
obtaining, recording, holding, organisation, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, disclosure, transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment, combination, blocking, erasure or destruction.
Processor – any person (other than an employee of the data controller) who processes the data on behalf of the data controller.
Controller – means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
Data subject – an individual who is the subject of personal data.
Third Party – any individual or organisation outside Datateam Business Media Ltd.
Tweets by FootwearToday
Privacy Policy
©
2020 Footwear Today. Datateam Business Media Limited
This site uses cookies in order to function properly and to allow us to improve our service. You can learn more about our cookies, their use and how to disable them on our Cookie Page. More information can also be found about our website within our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.Remove this message