https://help-center.pissedconsumer.com/top-7-consumers-questions-to-plentyoffish/
Terms of Service
1. Pissed Consumer Terms & Conditions
www.PissedConsumer.com (the “Site”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”) is an online forum created to help keep consumers informed.
We are located in Las Vegas, NV. Mailing address is:
Consumer Opinion LLC 1930 Village Center Circle #3-6853 Las Vegas, NV 89134
This Terms of Service govern the information posters’ (“You”, “Your”) use of the Site and form a binding legal agreement ("Agreement") between You and Us. Through the use of this Agreement, We are placing legal conditions on Your use of the Site and its services (the “Services”), and making certain promises to You. Please read the Agreement carefully prior to using the Site and/or the Services.
You are solely responsible for the content or information, including, without limitation, the title and body of the post, You publish or display (hereinafter, "post") anywhere on the Site. By submitting the post or using the Site or the Services in any other manner, You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement (the "Terms"). You must agree to all of the Terms in this Agreement. If you do not agree to the Terms, You are not permitted to use the Site and the Services. If You do not understand all of the terms in this Agreement, then You may wish to consult with an attorney before using the Services.
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to change, modify, add the Terms or portions of the Terms or remove portions of the Terms, at any time. You are responsible for checking the Terms for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes shall mean that You accept and agree to the changes. Persons who are under 14 years old may not use either the Site or the Services in any manner. By submitting a post and/or using the Site or the Services in any other manner, You represent and warrant that You are at least 14 years old.
We reserve the right to immediately suspend or terminate Your registration with the Site and remove Your posts, without notice, upon any breach of this Agreement by You which is brought to Our attention.
Your registration with the Site is for Your sole, personal use. You may not authorize others to use Your user identification, password or any of the MD5 hashing algorithms (please see Our Privacy Policy, section “Cookies”), and You may not assign or otherwise transfer Your account to any other person or entity.
You understand that Your use of the Site is at your own risk, and that such use may expose You to content that may be offensive, objectionable, or otherwise inappropriate. In no event shall We be liable to anyone for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions related to content on the Site, or any harm related to use or transmission of such content.
By creating an account or providing Your email address, you agree to receive certain communications in connection with the Site and the Services, including, but not limited to email letters with information and notifications.
2. Online Conduct
You may post content on the Site without creating an account with Us.
You will not post on the Site any defamatory, abusive, obscene, profane, offensive, threatening, harassing, racially offensive, pornographic, spam, or illegal material, or any material that infringes or violates another party's rights (including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights and rights of privacy and publicity). You will use the Site in a manner consistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations. By posting information on the Site, You warrant and represent that the information is truthful and accurate, to the best of Your knowledge.
You will not post, distribute or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights and except as otherwise permitted by law. You understand that We neither do police nor have any legal obligation to police any content on the Site to an extent any greater than required by applicable laws and regulations.
You certify that Your review is based on Your own experience, is Your genuine opinion of product or service, and that You will not impersonate another person or entity. You warrant and represent that you have not been offered any incentive or payment to review any business or person on the Site. You understand that PC has a zero-tolerance policy on untruthful reviews.
You will not use the Site for any commercial purpose, including, but not limited to promoting business or other commercial venture or otherwise using the Site to promote any commercial purposes.
NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES: If You are not a signatory to the Agreement, then You enjoy no benefits under it.  Therefore, You have no standing to complain if You believe that We are in violation of the Terms. If You would like to claim any benefit under the Agreement, You may contact Us to negotiate an agreement that will give You that right.  Please use Our "Contact Us" form to engage in discussions that may lead to such a separate agreement.  In the absence of such an agreement, You should be advised that no third party has any rights under this Agreement or under this paragraph.
3. Indemnification
You will defend, indemnify and hold Us and Our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, partners and licensors harmless from any claims, demands, losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees) relating to or arising out of Your use of the Site, including, but not limited to, any breach by You of the Terms of the Agreement, Your violation of applicable laws, or Your violation of any rights of another person or entity. You agree to cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any such claim. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by You, provided that You shall remain liable for any such claim.
4. Removal of Information
At present, We do not remove the existing accounts created on the Site. If You wish to create a new account, You may do it at any time. We do not offer You the opportunity to edit prior posts. If You wish to request removal of a prior post, You need to submit a Notarized Letter, a Court Order or participate in an LVP. You shall acknowledge that the same rules apply to removal of cross-posts of Your posts from Our pages in any and all social networks. For more details regarding removal of information please visit Our FAQ.
You can add supplemental information to the review if the review was created under your account (please also see Our Privacy Policy, section “Cookies”).
We are a provider of the Site, which is an interactive computer service as those terms are defined under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. Thus, we will not be treated as the publisher or speaker of any tortious content posted to the Site.
While We do not and cannot review every message posted by users of the Service, and are not responsible for any content of these messages, We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to delete or remove profanity, obscenities, threats of physical violence or damage to property, and private financial information such as social security numbers and credit card information.
In the event you notice any such information on the Site, please report it using the “Report” button located in the bottom right-hand corner under all reviews or contact Our customer service department at: help@pissedconsumer.com.
5. Proprietary Rights/Grant of Non-Exclusive Rights
By posting information or content to any public area of the Site, You automatically grant, and You represent and warrant that You have the right to grant to Us and Our affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees an irrevocable, perpetual, unconditional, royalty-free, worldwide non-exclusive right and license to use, copy, perform, display and distribute such information and content and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such information and content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. You expressly authorize Us to display content posted by You on the Site in any part and/or section of the Site. You also expressly authorize Us to share any posted information with third parties at Our own discretion. We reserve the right to share any information posted by You on the Site on Our pages in any and all social networks.
6. Information Supplied by You
Except as provided otherwise in its privacy policy, We will keep confidential all information supplied by You to Us, and shall use or disclose such information only for the purposes for which such information was collected, or as required by law. For more information please see Our Privacy Policy which shall be construed as an integral part of this Agreement.
By posting information or content to any public area of the Site, You agree and acknowledge that you can be offered to share Your personal experience and/or opinions with Us while being recorded. You also agree and acknowledge that by accepting such an offer You agree with and consent to the provisions of the Release of Liability and Indemnity Agreement.
7. Disclaimer of Warranty
We provide the Services on an "as is" basis and grant no warranties of any kind, express, implied, statutory, in connection with the Site or the Services, or in connection with any communication with Us or Our representatives, or otherwise with respect to the Site. We specifically disclaim any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. We do not warrant that the Site’s connection to the Internet will be secure, uninterrupted, always available, or error-free, or will meet Your requirements, or that any defects in the Site will be corrected.
8. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall We be liable to any party for any damages, including, but not limited to any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of programs or information or loss of profits) or any other damages arising in any way out of the availability, use, reliance on, inability to utilize or improper use of the Services, even if We have been advised of the possibility of such damages, and regardless of the form of action or omission of action, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise.
We do not guarantee accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any content or information, including, but not limited to opinions, advice, statements and offers made available through the Site, and neither adopt nor endorse nor are responsible for accuracy or reliability of any such information or content. Under no circumstances shall We be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from anyone’s reliance on any information or content posted on the Site. All such information or content constitutes subjective opinion of poster(s).
9. State by State Variations
Certain jurisdictions limit the applicability of warranty disclaimers and limitations of liability so the above disclaimers of warranty and limitations of liability may not apply to You.
10. General Provisions
You agree that Nevada law (regardless of conflicts of law principles) shall govern this Agreement, that any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive venue of the federal and state courts in the State of Nevada, and that You submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in the State of Nevada in connection with the Site or this Agreement. This Agreement, accepted upon registering on the Site or submitting a post, contains the entire agreement between You and Us regarding the use of the Site. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, the Terms will survive termination of Your registration with the Site. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
11. Copyright Policy/Termination of User Privileges for Infringement and Contact Information for Suspected Copyright Infringement/DMCA Notices
We will terminate the privileges of any user who uses the Site to unlawfully transmit copyrighted material without a license, express consent, valid defense or fair use exemption to do so. In particular, users who submit user content to the Site, whether articles, images, stories, software or other copyrightable material must ensure that the content they upload does not infringe the copyrights of third parties.
If You believe that Your copyright has been infringed through the use of PC, please contact Our designated agent at: copyright@pissedconsumer.com You may also contact Our customer service department at: help@pissedconsumer.com or mail at:
Consumer Opinion LLC 1930 Village Center Circle #3-6853 Las Vegas, NV 89134
12. Access to the Services
We grant You a limited, revocable, nonexclusive license to access the Services for Your own personal use.  This license does not include any collection, aggregation, copying, duplication, display or derivative use of the Services nor any use of data mining, robots, spiders, or similar data gathering and extraction tools for any purpose unless expressly permitted by Us. In order to make any derivative use of the Services or any content made available via the Services for other purposes (including commercial purposes) not stated herein, You must first obtain a license from Us. A limited exception is provided to general purpose internet search engines and non-commercial public archives that use such tools to gather information for the sole purpose of displaying hyperlinks to the Services, provided they each do so from a stable IP address or range of IP addresses using an easily identifiable agent and comply with Our robots.txt file. “General purpose internet search engine” does not include a website or search engine or other service that specializes in review/complaints listings, reputation management, search optimization or social media monitoring.
Use of the Services beyond the scope of authorized access granted to You by Us immediately terminates said permission or license.
13. Premium Review Subscription
In the past We provided Our users with the Premium Review Subscription service. Therefore, You may see certain reviews on the Site marked accordingly. However, this service is no longer available for new subscribers.
14. Our Paid Services for Companies
We are not a government agency and may charge fees for companies to use certain features of the Site. For more information please see Business Solutions that We offer.
I agree to TOS
Cancel
Tips For Consumers
Trending Questions to Companies
Top Consumer Question to POF: Is PlentyOfFish Good?
September 22, 2020
If you are looking for a dating website or app to make meaningful connections, and maybe find the love of your life, it is likely that your will come across Plenty of Fish.
Plenty of Fish (POF) is an online dating site that has been in operation since 2003. The site can be accessed via the web or as a dating app that is available on both Apple and Android operating systems. While POF has a free plan, members are required to upgrade to a paid version to access extra features. POF.com is available in 9 languages in countries such as the US, Brazil, France, Spain, Germany, Italy, Mexico, Sweden, Netherlands, and Denmark.
Number of POF reviews – 3k
POF rating* – 1.8
Claimed losses – $1.6M
Resolved issues – 10
In this article, we analyze POF reviews on PissedConsumer and other platforms and seek answers to the top POF consumer questions to help you determine whether it is a credible dating site to join.
Is Plenty of Fish good?
How do I delete my POF account?
How to cancel my subscription?
How to contact POF customer service?
How do I get a refund?
Why am I unable to continue conversations with others?
1. Is Plenty of Fish Good?
According to their website, POF prides itself in enabling singles to start new relationships. Plenty of Fish also vouches that its community is made up of respectful and friendly people. We looked into the POF reviews on PissedConsumer and other review websites to find out  ratings and what members’ experiences have been so far.
On PissedConsumer, it has 1.8 stars, on Consumer Affairs it has 2 stars, while on Sitejabber it is rated at 2.9 stars.
On PissedConsumer.com, the top Plenty of Fish complaints are in regards to:
Poor customer service.
Several customers complained that they couldn’t reach the Plenty of Fish customer service to have their issues addressed.
Unexplained account deletion.
For instance, in Plenty of Fish review #2123325, the customer complained that their account was removed without explanation.
Unauthorized billing.
In several reviews, POF members complained that money was taken out of their accounts without their authorization with some cases of unauthorized upgrades reported.
Difficulty cancelling accounts.
Some Plenty of Fish complaints show that dissatisfied customers looking to cancel their accounts had difficulty doing so.
Difficulty getting refunds.
In some Plenty of Fish reviews, customers complained that they did not get refunded for unauthorized billing even though the customer service representatives promised that the amount would be refunded back to the member’s accounts.
Difficulty logging into the Plenty of Fish app account.
Some members complained that the system didn’t accept their user name/email address and couldn’t go through with the account verification process.
Being hacked.
Several posters complained that they could not access their accounts yet they were getting notifications about activity on their accounts.
Encounter with scammers.
For instance, in PlentyOfFish review #2114968 the reviewer complained that they encountered a guy who solicited $34000 from them.
met a guy on POF and wants me to send him thru a shipping company $34000 ….
…He wants me to send the money and is asking for my home address. stay away…
Furthermore, some reviewers referred to Plenty of Fish scams. For example, in review #1917704, the reviewer alluded to a Plenty of Fish scam citing that POF was creating fake profiles to attract members to the site and have them upgrade in order to make money.
2. How Do I Delete My POF.com Account?
As evidenced by reviews, some members would like to know how to delete POF account. The POF.com terms of service section 9 provides that members who wish to discontinue use of their services can terminate their accounts for any reason.
Here is the procedure provided on the terms of service on how to delete POF account:
Login in to your Plenty of Fish app or website.
Click on the “Help” button at the top of your screen.
From the options presented, click on the “remove profile” button.
Next, click on “Delete your POF profile”.
Provide your username, password, and reason for leaving.
Click on the “Quit/Give Up/ Delete Account” button to confirm your account deletion.
The company reserves the right to terminate or suspend your POF account without a refund if you have violated the terms if service.
3. How to Cancel My POF Subscription?
The Plenty of Fish cancellation policy is provided on the company’s terms of service page. The Plenty of Fish cancellation policy stipulates that subscriptions purchased on the platform renew automatically until the member cancels. Once cancelled, the member continues to have access to the subscription benefits until the subscription period lapses, at which point the subscription expires. However, cancelling a subscription does not remove the members profile from the platform.
There are various ways to cancel your POF subscription. If you are using either the Apple or Android Plenty of Fish App, deleting your app or deleting your profile on pof.com does not cancel your subscription. You have to cancel through the app.
Here is the procedure for cancelling your subscription as provided in section 8a. of the POF terms of service:
Apple Users:
Go to settings.
Under iTunes & App Stores, select your Apple ID.
Views the subscriptions under your Apple ID and click on your POF subscription.
Follow the instructions provided to complete the cancellation.
For further assistance with your Apple POF cancellation, contact the Apple Store customer service.
Google Users:
Launch Google Play Store on your device.
On the menu, select” My Apps” then “Subscriptions”.
Identify your POF subscription and follow the procedure provided to cancel.
For further assistance with your Google POF cancellation, contact the Google Play Store customer service.
Via Web:
Go to POF.com.
Login to your account.
Under the account section, click on cancel subscription.
For further assistance, contact the Plenty of Fish customer service.
Can I pause my POF.com account?
Since account deletion is permanent and irreversible, the dating site advises members looking to temporarily leave the platform to hide or pause their profile instead. Once you hide your profile, it will not appear in search results. However, people who you contact after hiding your profile, people on your favorite list, people who have favorited you, and people who search your username will still be able to view your profile.
Here is the procedure for pausing your account as provided on the POF help center:
Log in to your account.
Select “My Profile”.
Select the “Hide Profile” option.
For further assistance with hiding your account, reach out via the Plenty of Fish contact.
When you are ready to unhide your profile, follow steps above to undo the hide.
4.  How to Contact POF customer service?
POF reviews on PissedConsumer reveal that members attempt to reach the company’s customer service for various issues including difficulty logging into their accounts, seeking refunds, being hacked, and other. However, there are numerous complaints about not being able to get through to the Plenty of Fish customer service representatives. We did research to find out how you can contact POF.
The website provides answers to the top consumer questions in regards to subscriptions, billing, account, profile, and other features on their help center. However, if you cannot find a solution to your issue on the FAQs, reach out via the Plenty of Fish contact form.
On the Apple and Google POF apps, click on the help button. You could also send an email to: csr@pof.com. Alternatively, you can send a direct message via their social media pages.
What should I do if I can’t log in to my Plenty of Fish account?
Being unable to log in to their accounts is one of the most common POF complaints on PissedConsumer and other review platforms. According to the Plenty of Fish help center, you can reset your password to resolve the issue. By clicking on the forgot password/username button, a password reset link will be sent to the email you used to sign up for your account.
Check your scam folder if you can’t find the reset email in your inbox after a few minutes. To ensure you always get your reset links whenever you need them, save donotrespond@pof.com to your address book.
How do I report a fake profile with my picture/username?
According to the POF help center, you can report a member who is using your picture or user name by going to that person’s profile and selecting “Report Profile”. For better assistance, provide the reason why you are reporting the profile and then submit.
5. How Do I Get a Refund on Plenty of Fish?
The POF reviews indicate that most members who seek refunds do so as a result of unauthorized charges on their accounts. Other POF complaints indicate that some members would like a refund on their subscription as the upgrade did not deliver on its promise of quality connection.
We checked out the Plenty of Fish refund policy to find out what it stipulates. On their Terms of service, section 8d states that all purchases on the website are final and nonrefundable. In addition, POF does not offer refunds or credits offered for partially used subscriptions. However, there are jurisdictional exemptions on the Plenty of Fish no-refunds policy.
Members residing in Arizona, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, Connecticut, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Winscoin, and Rhode Island have the right to cancel their subscription without penalty before midnight of the third business day from the day they subscribed. On the other hand, members residing in the EU are entitled to a full refund within 14 days from the day the subscription starts.
For the purchases made via the Apple app you can seek a POF refund by going to your ITunes & App Store, under the relevant Apple ID, go to “Purchase history”. Identify the particular payment and “Report a Problem”. Alternatively, you can request for a POF refund on https://getsupport.apple.com.
For purchases made via www.pof.com, contact the POF customer service.
6. Why Am I Unable to Continue Conversations on POF with Others?
There is a good chance that you have been reported by another user, which has resulted in having your account either deleted or flagged for review until further notice. According to the terms and conditions of the POF platform, a user may be reported for 7 different reasons.
If this is not your case, then the Conversations sub-category of the Messages section at POF website mentions that it may just be, either because the message contained inappropriate content (hence, the message is blocked).
Or you are using the Send Quick Reply function instead of the Reply one, which redirects you to a messaging board with several more options.
Another reason has to do with the recipient’s settings rather than something you did wrong. “ The recipient has mail settings that restrict you from contacting them. There may be restrictions you cannot see listed on their profile. POF will show you a message if this is the case.”
Also, note that some of your personal preferences when using the website may prevent you from contacting a portion of users.
Plenty of Fish or POF has been around for 17 years now. Members can either use the free version or upgrade to a paid version. While, it offers members convenience in finding love, the numerous POF complaints on PissedConsumer and other review sites cannot be ignored. The top complaints are in regards to poor customer service, being hacked, inability to login in, unexplained account deletion, unauthorized charges, and difficulty seeking refunds.
Have you been a member at the Plenty of Fish dating site? Share your experience and leave a review.
Besides this you may also leave your questions at the  POF Q & A section or go through resolved issues on the POF review page.  You may also reach out to the company using PlentyOfFish message form.
By Winnie
Health and Beauty Expert
Winnie is a freelance writer and B2C content expert who specializes in health and beauty, cafes and restaurants, fitness products buyer guides and researches. She has been working with international clients since 2012.
*The company ratings on the PissedConsumer website are calculated using a mathematical algorithm that evaluates the information in the company’s profile. The algorithm parameters are: users’ rating, the number of resolved issues, the number of company responses and more. The PissedConsumer algorithm is also subject to change in the future.
plenty of fish reviews
plentyoffish account
Plentyoffish cancelation policy
plentyoffish complaints
plentyoffish consumer questions
Plentyoffish faq
plentyoffish refund policy
Plentyoffish subscription
pof questions
Legal disclaimers:
1. While every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of this publication, it is not intended to provide any legal, medical, accounting, investment or any other professional advice as individual cases may vary and should be discussed with a corresponding expert and/or an attorney.
2. All or some image copyright belongs to the original owner(s). No copyright infringement intended.
Share
Tweet
Save
5
/
5
(
1
vote
)
Related Articles
The Bradford Exchange FAQs: How to Return a Package to BradfordExchange.com
The Bradford Exchange specializes in original jewelry and artistic items....
Is PayPal Safe to Use Online?
PayPal is a popular cash service that allows convenient and...
How to Reach ADT Customer Service
ADT security systems offer their customers comfort and safety. As...