http://herbadmother.blogspot.com/search/label/privacy
skip to main
|
skip to sidebar
Showing posts with label privacy. Show all posts
Showing posts with label privacy. Show all posts
Tuesday, April 26, 2011
Stalker, Sexual Harasser, and Cult Leader
Posted by Anonymous.I am a quiet person. I am divorced - twice, from the same man both times now. I live like a nun - in fact, I took silent vows to live like a nun.That being said, I was none-too-happy to start getting anonymous voice mails from an unknown throaty man's voice telling me, "I love you, baby, I love you."
After about 4 of them, I called back the number on the caller ID, and left my own message, "You have a wrong number.
You don't know me.
You don't love me.
Please stop calling me."
The messages got more intense.
I called back, got a v.m. mail telling me I had reached "O--- and Darlene," and left another, firmer message, "You don't love me.
You don't know me.
Stop calling me."
"This guy's married?" I thought, "Poor Darlene!"
The next v.m. was from a different throaty voice, started with, "Hey, baby," and told me in no uncertain terms exactly what he wanted to do sexually to my body.
Then I got a Christmas card in May with the nastiest insults you can imagine on it, my plants got cut down, my flower beds got dug up, my favorite windchime got cut to pieces...and on and on.Fast forward 14 months from the first phone call, and a new man got hired on where I worked.
Somehow, my supervisor got the mistaken impression that I knew him.
It took him 3 days to start trapping me in small places while he came on to me and insulted me.
It took him about 5 days to start lying to our supervisor about me to get me in trouble.
Within the first two weeks, my cat disappeared and he guaranteed (his word) me twice that my cat was dead. He let me know he knew exactly where I lived and named the street, and he had seen me in 2006, tried to get me to pay attention to him at the time but I wouldn't look at him, and it had taken him that long to find me where I worked again.
Within the first three weeks, he started talking to me about "romance" in the same throaty voice as the man who had left the "I love you, baby, I love you," messages on my phone.
I told him very plainly the subject was off limits to him, but he persisted.
That constituted the third complaint I made against him to HR.My complaints to HR went unheeded.
By this time, the lies he told our supervisor had painted me as a flaming bitch I was not, and she, for some unknown reason, decided to cast her lot in with him rather than look at my excellent work record and defend me.
I started getting reprimanded for things that never happened based on his reports.
I'm not talking about things that we perceived differently.
I'm talking about incidents that never occurred.
I avoided this man like the plague, and he manufactured complaints against me about things that never occurred when I hadn't even seen him for 2 or 3 weeks at a time.He started forcing himself on me at lunch.
He was cold.
He convinced the kitchen staff I wanted to eat with him.
I would be sitting with a table full of women coworkers, there would be no space available, and he would pull up another chair and force his way into the circle of chairs to sit next to me.
Everyone else would get up and leave.
He complained to our supervisor that he was "uncomfortable" because I didn't want to eat w/ him.
I told her I was the one who was uncomfortable, and she relegated me to eating alone in my office.
He would sit next to me in staff meetings and make inappropriate comments of endearment to me under his breath.
I told him directly that I would not tolerate it, and he loudly laughed at me.The same kinds of things happening to my home property started happening at work.
My plants continued to be cut down, one by one, whole flower beds were removed, soil and all, trenches left where there were rows of flowers. The wooden border around one flower bed was set on fire, and another stomped down to the ground. Air was let out of my tires, one by one, at work. The back of a condom package was thrown in through my barely cracked open back car window by someone whose hand was big enough to twist off the wind guard. This guy was enormous.Eventually, I involved an attorney, and after 10 months of on-going sexual and professional harassment, he and I got a behavior contract.
Our supervisor took his side, helped him counter-grieve against me, and I had a heart attack (myocardial infarction, no joke).
I was informed I could no longer call him "stud."
Stud?
More like Stunned!
Remember, I live like a nun, I took a silent vow to live like a nun.
I have never, in my life, called any man stud!
When I was married - twice to the same man - I never called my husband Stud!I was, nonetheless, relieved to have the behavior contract because having to stay 10 feet from one another meant I didn't have to worry about him sitting next me. Well, he only kept to it when we were under camera.
In the back hallway, where my office was located, there were no cameras. If we were walking down the hallway at the same time, he would walk across the hallway to all but brush up against me.Things started disappearing from my locked office. One night, my keys were laying on top of my purse instead of inside it.
I didn't want to believe someone else had had my keys, so I told myself I must have thrown them on top of it instead of inside it when I put my purse in my desk when I came to work.
I didn't believe that, but I tried to convince myself of it. Then things started disappearing out of my locked house.
I went home late one night, was going to do a load of laundry before going to bed, and neither first floor light switch would turn on basement lights. I figured both bulbs were burned out, and I went to bed. When I went to the basement the next morning to throw in a load of laundry, I discovered the two bulbs controlled by the 2 upstairs light switches were gone!
They were not burned out, they were no longer in the light sockets, and nowhere to be found!I vacated my house.
As I was preparing it to try to rent it as a specific type of boarding house, I entered it late one afternoon to find unflushed feces that was at least a few days old in both toilets. Odd things disappeared from my house. Odd, and some important things, disappeared from my office. He attempted to make me go into agreement with him that I would rent the rooms in my boarding house to only his clients.
I told him that would be a conflict of interest and refused.
He threatened me!
He told me I would be sorry, and he would sue me!In late April, he actively stole a client from me.
I asked him to return her, and he refused.
Our supervisor sided w/ him.
In early May, our admissions department reassigned a client originally assigned to him to me. He became furious and yelled and stomped and threatened to get even.Mother's Day weekend, our grown son disappeared.
His car was in front of his apartment, and his apartment was empty.
His father had the police enter his apartment, and there was no sign of him. None of his friends had heard from him in 4 days.
His father filed a missing person's report. When I returned to work on Monday, after having not slept at all the entire weekend, our HR department confronted me w/ computer print-outs supposedly written by me (but not) brought in by this man, after informing me that "unbeknownst to" me, his son and my son had been good friends for about 10 years.
It turns out many things were done to me, my finances, and my reputation via computer that weekend, and I am still discovering them. HR went on and on and on about this man and my son, and I left her office sick that I had just been through one of the worst weekends of my life, and when I returned to work, this man's name was right smack in the middle of it! Just like his name was right smack in the middle of every work problem I had!
Then I found 1/4 of a denuded small animal skull (my cat?) ritualistically placed under a pyramid of bricks in the back yard of the house I was not yet able to rent.
I ended up back in the hospital with severe chest discomfort and very unstable vital signs.
Since I couldn't get any protection from the administration at work, I reported the situation to our licensing board.When I went back to work, I walked in the door being accused of things he had lied about me to our supervisor.
When I told her I didn't know what she was talking about, she got very sarcastic with me.
About the third day I was back on the job, and the fourth time she reprimanded me for one of his accusations of something that never happened, I thought I was going to have a third heart attack, and I turned in my resignation letter, stating, "I have a right to do my job without O---'s sociopathic abuse!" and I quit.End of story, right?
Oh, hell, no.My son did not speak to me for 7 months.
On one occasion he accused me of all kinds of horrible things on his blog, things I never did and never would do, and called me every kind of bitch and whore he could come up with.
Prior to early May of that year, my son and I had an OK relationship with a lot of humor in it. Although we are on speaking terms again, we are no longer close, and there is no humor.I could not find another job, and I could not get residents in my specialized boarding house.
I had really good experience at that job, I didn't want to lose it from my resume, and I didn't know how else to account for the time.
But, unbeknownst to me, the supervisor was telling potential employers AND referral sources for my specialized boarding house that I was psychotic. The supervisor also reported me to the licensing board for things that were not true, and alleged to the licensing Board that this man never did anything to me, that I did many things to him, and that I am psychotic. The licensing Board, never pausing to consider that she was one of the two people I reported, threw their towel in w/ her allegations, prohibited me from practice, then ordered me to have a complete psychiatric evaluation at my expense, and proposed to revoke my license! This is all in retaliation for my reporting on-going sexual and other harassment.
By this time, I had no money, no credit cards, was in foreclosure on my house, and filing bankruptcy.I continue to get nasty phone calls and things continued to be done to my car.
I was informed by another person that his wife's name is Darlene - fascinating coincidence - and by yet another ex-co-worker that the word was out there that he was the father of my grown son!
I posted a link to Worksite Bullying Institute after receiving unsettling e-mails from a couple of ex-co-workers referring to this man, and within 12 hours, received a v.m. from the same voice from 3 1/2 years earlier, saying, "Hey, baby," and then it sounds a whole lot like he's masturbating.
When I moved my things from my locked garage into permanent storage, I found that not only were some things, like my professional licenses, selectively missing, but bins were broken, bins turned directly upside down (not fallen over or knocked over, actually flipped over on their lids) and bins of Christmas stuff filled with foul water.Of course, the licensing Board, for whatever its reason, is discounting all this.
They're calling my stalking log, copies of my many police reports, photographs of bizarre events "delusional" because the supervisor said they are delusional.
And they reported me to the OAG as being psychotic.
WTF?My life has been destroyed by this man who entered it with a phone call telling me he loved me when I didn't even know who he was.
He has retaliated with extreme vengeance against my every attempt to set limits and boundaries. He has invaded my life, my property, my career, my family - and why?
I have no idea.Recently, I was informed that this man is also a pastor!
I looked up his "church" on-line, and it is absolutely a cult, manifesto, prime directive, and all.
AMC, for short.
I would love to give the whole name and warn people, but I'm literally afraid I'll end up in prison if I do!
I don't think this man will stop harassing me until one of us is dead.
Posted by
Her Bad Mother
at
6:54 PM
7 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Labels:
anger,
fear,
privacy,
sexual harassment,
violation
Friday, June 12, 2009
Shock And Concern
Posted by Anonymous.A few days ago I was over at my sisters visiting. My sis "J" was noticeably so I asked her if she was ok…what she proceeded to tell me completely floored me.
My niece, my little 9 year old niece that I love to bits and have lived with for 5 years on and off helping to raise, well she has a journal and lately J has been having an odd feeling so on a whim when she was up in her room putting laundry away upon seeing her journal laying on her desk….she read it.
Now I do not agree with her reading it at all...that's something very personal and yes even though my niece is only 9 it's still personal….but. What she found in there warranted some concern…scratch that….A LOT of concern!
My little niece has this boy who likes her and of course she's crushing right back…..turns out this little boy has commented that he wants to have sex with her. That's right... SEX!!!! J told me this and I swear to god my heart stopped.
When my sis and I were growing up we were raised in a very religious house…very religious, plus my mom was in a serious car accident when I was quite young, one that resulted in her having brain damage that made her acting like an actual mom fairly impossible. I didn't learn about sex until I was 15…and that was from romance books..and I didn't even have sex until I was almost 25, not for lack of opportunity but because I consider it something special. I was also very inappropriately touched when I was young throughout my teen years by extended family members, "friends" of the family and boys at school..and I had NO idea what was really going on. I knew it was wrong but that was it. J and I had had numerous chats before she had kids and she had told me she was going to start having the body talk, inappropriate touching and sex talk early. So when she told me that my niece had written this I asked her if they had already had "the talks"…..and I couldn't believe it when she said no….and even more concerned when she expressed…almost disgust…at the thought of having to have the sex talk with her 9 year old. I think, mostly with the fact that she thinks , as I do, that 9 is WAY too early to even be thinking of sex.
Am I out of line to be concerned? I just don't understand how she could have waited for so long. Girls are starting to become sexually active so much earlier then when I was a kid and seriously..I am only 27!! When I have kids..boys included..I plan on talking to them as soon as they can talk. Of course not the whole adult explanation but things they CAN understand, such as that their bodies are private and special, bad touches, good touches. I don't want my kids to learn about sex and their bodies from their "friends", I want them to be able to come to me and talk to me about anything…about any concerns or questions, no matter what.
I'm now also concerned that my niece will hide even more from my sister. They have such clashing personalities that they don't always get along and it's getting worse as my niece gets older. She knows she can come to me and talk to me about anything but my sis doesn't like me to "interfere" as I'm not her mother.
J talked to my niece after she read her journal and it turns out the boy didn't tell my niece this directly but was talking to some of his friends who then told my niece. But now also..my niece knows that J read her journal….what if she stops writing in it? I don't know what I would have done..would I have read the journal and then talked to my niece in a roundabout way? Would I have admitted to it? Or would I have just sat her down and had the talk without admitting to knowing anything? I don't know what to do….I'm just so worried. I want to talk to my niece but I don't want to overstep my boundaries. I am not her mom and I know this…I know it's not my place. My sis is a wonderful mom, she really is but I think this is just really uncharted territory. So what do I do? Do I talk to my sis and ask her if they've had the talk? Do I talk to my niece? Do I just let her know if she has any questions that she can talk to me? Do I then relay her questions to my sis? I've encouraged her numerous times before to talk to her parents if she has any questions at all and I know she does sometimes. I am not looking forward to being a mom when it comes to this….can't we keep them little forever???
Posted by
Her Bad Mother
at
7:54 AM
13 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Labels:
privacy,
sex,
sexual abuse,
tweens
Monday, April 14, 2008
Read No Evil...
Posted By Anonymous.So, I was not at work for a day recently and the
guy who subbed for me used my computer. He logged into gmail and didn't log out.
I read his email. It was not my finest moment... but I did it.It became obvious
that he was "seeing" several women, including his long-distance girlfriend who
is 6 months pregnant. (He commented that he liked the picture that she had
attached to her last message because her t*tties looked so much bigger). There
were messages from the local women, flirting, sex talk, etc.I wanted to send this long distance girlfriend
forwarded messages of what he had sent/received from the other women, but I
didn't. I logged him off, instead. I felt a bit guilty for reading his email.
Now, two weeks later, I feel guilty that I didn't let the pregnant girlfriend
know what was going on.What do you think? What would you do?
Posted by
Her Bad Mother
at
3:01 PM
15 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Labels:
affairs,
privacy,
sex
Monday, August 13, 2007
I Wasn't Lost But Now I'm Found
Posted by Amy.One night I was sitting at my computer, entranced by the glow of the monitor, deciding what to post.
It was an
important decision because one of my favorite bloggers was linking to me the very next morning, and I wanted to give her venerable readers something really worth their time should they decide to "click over," which I hoped they would.I chose a story that I'd published on a well-read website under a pseudonym, because it was somewhat adult content.
I realized that it would be very different from what my friend wrote on her blog because some of the language was raw and the subject matter was sexual. It was also unlike anything I'd ever published on my own blog. But -- it was not off-handed or trite.
It was – and is -- one of the most introspective things I've written, and by many strangers and a couple of friends, it has been read with interest and acclaim.I had it all set up and ready to publish the next morning; and
then I decided to click on my Site Meter.
You know, my little blogging report card.
After coming back to blogging full-throttle just a bit ago, I'm not hung up on comments, but I am curious as to how my traffic ebbs and flows.
I'm not trying or vying to be a rock-star blogger.
But, I am a published writer, as well as a blogger, and I want to be read. But by my parents?That's right, after 18 months of blogging under the radar, my family found my blog – as revealed by the details of my site meter and those tracking URLs.
I felt like I was kicked in the chest.
Like I was sixteen and my diary was read.
Had I left it on the bed by accident?
No.
Was it under the mattress and easy to find? No.
It was in my sock drawer, upside down, in the back, under the array of mismatched socks wrapped in an old tee-shirt.Which brings up the question – can anything we bestow upon the World Wide Web really be private? My answer initially was, well, I f-ing thought so.
And then I was just really, really glad I hadn't already published that post.
It was not right choice for a general readership, and it certainly fell under the category of TMI for parents.Before this happened, I had seven friends in real life who read my blog.
The rest of my readers are internet friends, acquaintance and strangers.
Half of the seven (yes, 3.5) live far away from me.So it's ok to have some friends and any strangers reading about my life but not my family?Exactly.I do write some things publicly – things everyone reads – and I carefully compose those pieces with psyches and egos and temperaments and readerships in mind.
And although as a writer I do some of that with my blog, as I don't believe its purpose (for me) is that of a diary.I got a lot of different words of wisdom when I told my chosen few about being discovered.
Everything from: "it's the world wide web, you can't put anything on it you don't want someone to find" to
"look at your blog as a marketing opportunity for potential editors and publishers, and don't publish anything you wouldn't want them to read" to "abandon the blog and start a new one" to "tell them it's 'read at your own risk' and don't censor yourself."
It's all valid advice. I don't know what to do. Is there such a thing as privacy on the internet?
Is it fair game if it's got a URL?
Will my blogging change?
Should I adopt a policy of 'read at your own risk'?There are things on the blog that are not fodder for publication for one or a dozen reasons.
The blog gives me an outlet to be creative and expressive and with myself as the only editor and publisher.
My readers choose to read or not, comment or more likely to not. I don't write about my parents, so what's the difference?
I'm not sure.
If it's now open to my family members, do I make it really public and start telling everyone about it?
I don't think so.
Because, even with the writing and the blogging and the swirling thoughts and opinions and my hours-long detailed conversations with friends about life details --- I'm a very private person (a statement which sent one of my closest friends into a hysterical fit of laughter and left her gasping for breath).
There are only a couple of friends who really know everything about me.
Everyone else, online and in real life, knows bits and pieces - what I want them to know, what they can understand, and at times, what they can handle. As an adult, I get to pick and choose who knows what about me, my life, my kids, my thoughts, my feelings.
I have a right to ultimate privacy and the parameters are determined by me and me alone. But obviously that's not the case on the internet. So, in order preserve my privacy I may have to go back to a diary in the sock drawer.
Oh, but snoop at your own risk.
There are condoms in there too.
Posted by
Her Bad Mother
at
6:52 AM
14 comments:
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Labels:
blogging,
privacy
Older Posts
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
The Bad Moms Club
Wanna Post Here?
Anyone can post here. This space is yours, for whatever you want to talk about. Send submissions to herbadmother@gmail.comLooking for Her Bad Mother? Head back upstairs...
Blogging in the Light of Day
Her Bad Mother
What"s This All About?
The stuff that you can't say on your own front porch
Wanna hang out here?
Secret Basement Guidelines
Previous Posts
Loading...
Archives
February 2012 (1)
May 2011 (3)
April 2011 (2)
March 2011 (1)
February 2011 (3)
January 2011 (1)
December 2010 (3)
November 2010 (6)
October 2010 (6)
September 2010 (4)
August 2010 (5)
July 2010 (4)
June 2010 (3)
May 2010 (5)
April 2010 (4)
March 2010 (3)
February 2010 (5)
January 2010 (11)
December 2009 (11)
November 2009 (9)
October 2009 (10)
September 2009 (5)
August 2009 (2)
July 2009 (11)
June 2009 (13)
May 2009 (12)
April 2009 (12)
March 2009 (13)
February 2009 (11)
January 2009 (13)
December 2008 (8)
November 2008 (10)
October 2008 (10)
September 2008 (10)
August 2008 (9)
July 2008 (4)
June 2008 (2)
May 2008 (2)
April 2008 (4)
March 2008 (4)
February 2008 (4)
January 2008 (6)
November 2007 (3)
October 2007 (5)
September 2007 (8)
August 2007 (7)
July 2007 (6)
June 2007 (7)
May 2007 (5)
April 2007 (4)
March 2007 (6)
February 2007 (6)
January 2007 (3)
December 2006 (3)
November 2006 (7)
October 2006 (4)
September 2006 (7)
August 2006 (10)
July 2006 (11)
June 2006 (14)
April 2006 (1)
More Secret Spaces
True Wife Confessions
Banner and Button Design