https://icuban.com/legal.html
Three Guys From Miami/iCuban.com: The Internet Cuban Legal Notices, Privacy Policy and
TERMS OF USE
Use of this site indicates your consent to these Terms of Use.
All content on this site is copyrighted and nothing presented here is available for use on other websites either in whole or in part without express written permission.
All of the information on this site is presented for private and personal use only.
No commercial use, sale, or duplication of any kind is permitted. Any errors or omissions in site content will be corrected immediately upon notification.
COPYRIGHTED CONTENTS All Contents Copyright 1996-2013. All Rights Reserved. No part of these pages or site may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or information storage and retrieval systems, for any purpose other than private, personal use, without the express written permission of Glenn M.Lindgren, his succesors and assigns.
TRADEMARKS The following trademarks and all associated logos used here and throughout our sites are trade and service marks of Glenn M.Lindgren, his succesors and assigns, the exclusive owner of these marks and names: iCuban.com: The Internet Cuban
3 Guys From Miami
A Cuban Christmas
Cuban Food USA
Latin Food USA
Three Guys from Miami
Three Guys Cook Cuban
iCuban
You don't have to be Latin to love us!
Get Serious. Go Latin
The best restaurants you've never heard of
Three Guys. One City. Dozens of ways to enjoy them.
Imagine the fun you could have with Three Guys in your kitchen.
Trademarked Sites:
Cuban-Christmas.com
Cuban-Food-USA.com
iCuban.com
Latin-Food-USA.com
3guysfrommiami.com
These trade and service marks have been in regular use and are documented. Glenn M.Lindgren, his succesors and assigns, are the exclusive owner of these marks and names. We have invested substantial sums of money in promoting these brands and this company. Through these efforts, these marks and names have become famous worldwide, and the public associates these names and marks exclusively with our company and the services we offer. Any use and/or registration of these names and trademarks by any unauthorized party constitutes acts of trademark infringement, unfair competition and dilution in violation of Sections 32(a), 43(a) and 43(c) of the federal Trademark Act, 15 U.S.C. 1114, 1125(a) and (c).
Privacy Policy
iCuban.com does not collect any personal information about its website visitors. Where we do receive information specifically from visitor-generated email we use this information only to respond to your specific inquiry. * Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our sites. * Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads based on your visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. * You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Advertising on Our Site All advertising displayed on our sites is provided by third-party advertisers. We do not necessarily endorse the products advertised, nor are we in any way responsible for this content or the products/services that are advertised.
SUBMITTING A RECIPE By submitting a recipe to this site, you are agreeing to allow us to use your submission on our sites AND to use your submission, in whole or in part, for any additional collateral use, including, but not limited to, the collection of recipes for publication and sale, solely at our discretion. You also agree that you will not be compensated for, nor credited for, any use of your recipe(s) and you will hold us harmless for any action that results through the publication or collateral use of any recipe you submit. All recipes submitted are subject to change and modification.
USING A RECIPE By accessing any recipe on this site, the User of the recipe IMPLICITLY ASSUMES ALL RISKS inherent in the preparation of the specific food and any associated food item. In no event shall iCuban.com, Three Guys From Miami, any affiliated companies (Website Content Providers) or any individual associated with these entities, be liable for any direct, consequential, indirect, incidental, or special damages whatsoever. The Website Content Providers make no warranty, express or implied, as to the suitability of any recipe for any purpose whatsoever. The User must determine what, if any purpose is suitable for the production of food items using these recipes. The User is cautioned to use recognized safety standards and procedures for ALL food handling and preparation.
THREE GUYS FROM MIAMI RESTAURANT AND TRAVEL INFORMATION All restaurant and travel information is provided for entertainment purposes only. In no event shall iCuban.com, Three Guys From Miami, or any affiliated companies (Website Content Providers) be liable for any direct, consequential, indirect, incidental, or special damages suffered through the use of this information, whatsoever. By accessing any information on any of our websites, the User of the information IMPLICITLY ASSUMES ALL RISKS inherent in the use of that information. The Website Content Providers make no warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, timeliness, or suitability of any restaurant and travel information provided herein for any purpose whatsoever.
"CUBAN FOOD USA/LATIN FOOD USA RESTAURANT INFORMATION" "WE ARE NOT AFFILATED WITH ANY RESTAURANT" Cuban Food USA is a Cuban culture and restaurant review site only. We provide reviews and listings of Cuban restaurants all over the United States. We do not own, operate, or have any interest in any restaurant anywhere in the country. The reviews are provided as a public service. We are not compensated by the restaurant, or anyone else for that matter, for our restaurant reviews and listings. If you have a problem with any restaurant reviewed on our site, please take it up with the owners or the management. All restaurant information is provided for entertainment purposes only. In no event shall iCuban.com, Three Guys From Miami, or any affiliated companies (Website Content Providers) be liable for any direct, consequential, indirect, incidental, or special damages suffered through the use of this information, whatsoever. By accessing any information on the Cuban Food USA site, the User of the information IMPLICITLY ASSUMES ALL RISKS inherent in the use of that information. The Website Content Providers make no warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, timeliness, or suitability of any restaurant and travel information provided herein for any purpose whatsoever.
"REGISTERING SIMILAR DOMAIN NAMES" Any attempts to register the same or similar sounding names as web sites also violates the Anti-cybersquatting Consumer Protection Act, enacted into law on November 29, 1999, and codified in Section 43 (d) of the federal Trademark Act, 15 U.S.C. ? 1125 (d). This legislation makes explicit what has been implicit in the federal Trademark Act: it expressly prohibits the registration of a domain name confusingly similar to or dilative of a mark. Specifically, this law makes illegal the bad faith misappropriation of trademarks as domain names. Relief available under this law may include forfeiture of an infringer's domain name, transfer of that name to the rightful trademark owner, and awards of actual damages, statutory damages of up to $100,000 per domain name, costs and attorneys fees. Glenn M.Lindgren, his succesors and assigns, will actively defend their rights against anyone attempting to use the marks "iCuban.com," "The Internet Cuban," "InternetCuban.com," "Cuban Food USA," "Three Guys From Miami," "Cuban-Christmas.com," and "3 Guys From Miami," or any mark or name confusingly similar thereto, whether as a domain name, company name, trademark or otherwise.
EMAIL Why Don't You Write Us? CLICK HERE to send us your questions, comments, and kind words of any type!
SUBMITTING PHOTOS OR WRITTEN CONTENT By submitting photos or written content to this site, you are agreeing to allow us to use your submission on our sites AND to use your submission, in whole or in part, for any additional collateral use, including, but not limited to, publication and sale, solely at our discretion. You also agree that you will not be compensated for, nor credited for, any use of your photos or content and you will hold us harmless for any action that results through the publication or collateral use of any photos or content you submit. By submitting photos or descriptions of your event, you are agreeing to allow us to publish those photos, the event description, your name, and the names you submit of each participant. Your submission gives us permission to use your name and photographic likeness in all forms and media for advertising, trade, and any other lawful purpose.
Our Pig Roasting account describes the methods we have used to cook pigs and the devices we have built solely for our own personal use. If you should decide to build your own pig roaster, understand that these are not complete instructions. The Three Guys From Miami cannot and do not guarantee or warranty anything that you may assemble yourself based wholly or in part on anything described in this account. Your skills and abilities may vary from ours, and there is no way that we can ensure that your "do-it-yourself" project will work as intended. Thus, it is important that you note the following legal disclaimers:
USE THIS ACCOUNT AS A GUIDELINE COMPLETELY AT YOUR OWN RISK
This is only an account of our own experience with roasting pigs and it is NOT intended as a complete guide. The builder of any devices similar to, or adapted from, those described in the account on this site does so at their own risk and peril. You IMPLICITLY ASSUME ALL RISKS inherent in the building of said devices AND in the preparation of any food item using these devices. In no event shall iCuban.com, Cuban-Christmas.com, "Three Guys From Miami," any affiliated companies (Website Content Providers) or any individual associated with these entities be liable for any damages, including direct or consequential, personal injuries suffered, or property or economic losses incurred as a result of anyone using the information published on this website in any fashion. The Website Content Providers assume no liability or responsibility for the design, construction, or use of any device similar to, or adapted from, any device described on this site. The Website Content Providers make no warranty, express or implied, as to the suitability of any device or method described on this site for any purpose whatsoever (including without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose). The reader of this website must determine what, if any, purpose any device is suitable for, including the production and cooking of food items. As in any project, you should follow all accepted safety procedures. For your safety, always consider your own skill level and use good judgment, care, and prudence if you attempt to duplicate or adapt ANYTHING described herein. Always read and observe all instructions and safety precautions provided by any tool or materials manufacturer. The READER (WEBSITE VISITOR) assumes total responsibility and risk for ANY use of ANY information provided on this website.
PIG ROASTER AND OTHER DEVICES
DESCRIBED ON THESE WEBSITES
USE ANY IDEAS AT YOUR OWN RISK!
Visit All of Our Sites:
iCuban.com | Cuban-Food-USA.com | Cuban-Christmas.com | Three Guys From Miami
About Us/Contact Us | Legal and Privacy Policy
Three Guys From Miami: Cuban, Spanish, and Latin American food recipes, Miami/Little Havana Travel Guide, Miami Restaurant Guide, Hispanic Culture & Food The Three Guys From Miami are: Raúl Musibay, Glenn Lindgren, and Jorge Castillo
Check out The Three Guys From Miami's Google+ Fan Page