https://infre.org/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Menu
Close
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
These terms and conditions of use (“these Terms of Use) set forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the infre.org website (“Website” or “Service”) and any of its related products and services (collectively, “Services”). These Terms of Use apply to you (“User”, “you” or “your”) and International Foundation for Retirement Education (“InFRE”, “we”, “us” or “our”). By accessing and using the Website and Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and InFRE’s Privacy Policy. If you disagree with these Terms of Use or Privacy Policy, you should discontinue using the Website.
Trademarks
InFRE owns CRC® trademarks on both the full name and short name (initials) as shown below: Full Name Certified Retirement Counselor®Short Name (Initials) CRC® Persons Authorized to Use the MarksUse of the Certified Retirement Counselor® and CRC® marks is limited to those qualified Certificants who have been granted the certification by the CRC® Board of Standards and Policy Development (BOS), who remain in good standing, and who satisfy all other certification and renewal requirements established by the BOS. Certificants who do not fulfill their annual renewal requirements must refrain from using the CRC® marks immediately upon notification that their certification has been suspended or revoked. Unauthorized use of the CRC® marks is a violation of InFRE’s trademark and InFRE reserves the right to implement all available legal remedies when such unauthorized use is determined. Non-assignability and Non-transferabilityPermission to use the certification mark is limited to the Certificant, and may not be transferred to, assigned to, or otherwise used by any other individual, organization, or entity.
Your Account
If you create an account on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with it. We may monitor and review new accounts before you may sign in and start using the Services. Providing false contact information of any kind may result in the termination of your account. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. We may suspend, disable, or delete your account (or any part thereof) if we determine that you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use or that your conduct or content would tend to damage our reputation and goodwill.
Billing and payments
You shall pay all fees or charges to your account in accordance with the fees, charges, and billing terms in effect at the time a fee or charge is due and payable. We reserve the right to change products and product pricing at any time. We also reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.
Accuracy of information
Occasionally there may be information on the Website that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, availability, promotions and offers. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the Website or Services is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information on the Website including, without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied on the Website should be taken to indicate that all information on the Website or Services has been modified or updated.
Third party services
If you decide to enable, access or use third party services, be advised that your access and use of such other services are governed solely by the terms and conditions of such other services, and we do not endorse, are not responsible or liable for, and make no representations as to any aspect of such other services, including, without limitation, their content or the manner in which they handle data (including your data) or any interaction between you and the provider of such other services. You irrevocably waive any claim against InFRE with respect to such other services. InFRE is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with your enablement, access or use of any such other services, or your reliance on the privacy practices, data security processes or other policies of such other services. You may be required to register for or log into such other services on their respective platforms. By enabling any other services, you are expressly permitting InFRE to disclose your data as necessary to facilitate the use or enablement of such other service.
Links to other resources
Although the Website and Services may link to other resources (such as websites, mobile applications, etc.), we are not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with any linked resource, unless specifically stated herein. Some of the links on the Website may be “affiliate links”. This means if you click on the link and purchase an item, InFRE may receive an affiliate commission. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any businesses or individuals or the content of their resources. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services, and content of any other third parties. You should carefully review the legal statements and other conditions of use of any resource which you access through a link on the Website and Services. Your linking to any other off-site resources is at your own risk.
Intellectual property rights
“Intellectual Property Rights” means all present and future rights conferred by statute, common law or equity in or in relation to any copyright and related rights, trademarks, designs, patents, inventions, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off, rights to inventions, rights to use, and all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications and rights to apply for and be granted, rights to claim priority from, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection and any other results of intellectual activity which subsist or will subsist now or in the future in any part of the world. These Terms of Use do not transfer to you any intellectual property owned by InFRE or third parties, and all rights, titles, and interests in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with InFRE. All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website and Services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of InFRE or its licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website and Services may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website and Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any of InFRE or third-party trademarks.
Limitation of liability
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will InFRE, its affiliates, board members, officers, employees, agents, suppliers or licensors be liable to any person for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, cover or consequential damages (including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, revenue, sales, goodwill, use of content, impact on business, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity) however caused, under any theory of liability, including, without limitation, contract, tort, warranty, breach of statutory duty, negligence or otherwise, even if the liable party has been advised as to the possibility of such damages or could have foreseen such damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the aggregate liability of InFRE and its affiliates, board members, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors relating to the services will be limited to an amount greater of one dollar or any amounts actually paid in cash by you to InFRE for the prior one month period prior to the first event or occurrence giving rise to such liability. The limitations and exclusions also apply if this remedy does not fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold InFRE and its affiliates, board members, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred in connection with or arising from any third party allegations, claims, actions, disputes, or demands asserted against any of them as a result of or relating to your Content, your use of the Website and Services or any willful misconduct on your part.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Use or its terms relating to the Website and Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of these Terms of Use on the Website. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the Website and Services after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Acceptance of these terms
You acknowledge that you have read these Terms of Use and agree to all its terms and conditions. By accessing and using the Website and Services you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to abide by these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to access or use the Website and Services.
Contacting us
If you would like to contact us to understand more about these Terms of Use or InFRE’s Privacy Policy or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to it, you may send an email to info@infre.org This document was last updated on August 13, 2020