https://infre.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Close
InFRE Privacy Policy
InFRE Privacy Policy
International Foundation for Retirement Education (InFRE) values its users’ privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) will help you understand how we collect and use personal information from those who visit our website or make use of our online services, and what we will and will not do with the information we collect. Our Policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with InFRE of our commitment and realization of our obligation to meet existing privacy standards. We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy at any given time. If you want to make sure that you are up to date with the latest changes, we advise you to frequently visit this page. This Policy applies to InFRE, and it governs any and all data collection and usage by us. Through the use of https://infre.org you are therefore consenting to the data collection procedures expressed in this Policy. Please note that this Policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies that InFRE does not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by us. If you visit a website that we mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with information. It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent to better understand the way in which websites garner, make use of and share the information collected. Specifically, this Policy will inform you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through our website;Why we collect personally identifiable information and the legal basis for such collection;How we use the collected information and with whom it may be shared;What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data; andThe security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
Information We Collect
It is always up to you whether to disclose personally identifiable information to us, although if you elect not to do so, we reserve the right not to register you as a CRC® Candidate or provide you with any products or services. This website collects various types of information, such as:Voluntarily provided information which may include but is not limited to your name, home address, business address, email address, telephone number, education, job description and employer.Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.In addition, InFRE may have the occasion to collect non-personal anonymous demographic information, such as age, gender, and ethnicity, as well as the type of browser you are using, IP address, or type of operating system, which will assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service. Please rest assured that this site will only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide to us by way of surveys, completed registration forms and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested, and any additional uses specifically provided for on this Policy.
Why We Collect Information and For How Long
We are collecting your data for several reasons:To better understand your needs and provide you with the services you have requested;To fulfill our legitimate interest in improving our services and products;To send you promotional emails containing information we think you may like when we have your consent to do so;To contact you to fill out surveys or participate in other types of market research, when we have your consent to do so;To customize our website according to your online behavior and personal preferences.The data we collect from you will be stored for no longer than necessary. The length of time we retain said information will be determined based upon the following criteria: the length of time your personal information remains relevant; the length of time it is reasonable to keep records to demonstrate that we have fulfilled our duties and obligations; any limitation periods within which claims might be made; any retention periods prescribed by law or recommended by regulators, professional bodies or associations; the type of contract we have with you, the existence of your consent, and our legitimate interest in keeping such information as stated in this Policy.
Use of Information Collected
InFRE does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of its customer lists and/or names to any third parties. InFRE may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from https://infre.org InFRE may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered. InFRE may feel it necessary, from time to time, to contact you on behalf of our other external business partners with regards to a potential new offer which may be of interest to you. If you consent or show interest in presented offers, then, at that time, specific identifiable information, such as name, email address and/or telephone number, may be shared with the third party. InFRE may find it beneficial to share specific data with our trusted partners in an effort to conduct statistical analysis, provide you with email and/or postal mail, deliver support and/or arrange for deliveries to be made. Those third parties shall be strictly prohibited from making use of your personal information, other than to deliver those services which you requested, and as such they are required, in accordance with this agreement, to maintain the strictest of confidentiality with regards to all your information.
Disclosure of Information
InFRE may not use or disclose the information provided by you except under the following circumstances:
as necessary to provide services or products you have ordered;
in other ways described in this Policy or to which you have otherwise consented;
in the aggregate with other information in such a way so that your identity cannot reasonably be determined;
as required by law, or in response to a subpoena or search warrant;
to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information confidential;
as necessary to enforce the Terms of Service;
as necessary to maintain, safeguard and preserve all the rights and property of InFRE;
In the event that all or part of InFRE assets are acquired by, merged with or transferred to a third party.
In addition, consumers and other individuals wishing to verify the active status of a CRC® Certificant may go to “Find a CRC® Professional” on the InFRE website or contact an InFRE representative. Active CRC® Certificant information provided is limited to name, city, state and zip code.
Non-Marketing Purposes
InFRE greatly respects your privacy. We do maintain and reserve the right to contact you if needed for non-marketing purposes (such as bug alerts, security breaches, account issues, and/or changes in InFRE products and services).  In certain circumstances, we may use our website, newspapers, or other public means to post a notice.
Credit Card Information
The InFRE website will not collect, and does not desire to receive, any credit card information. When necessary for payments related to your order, your credit card information will be collected and processed outside of the InFRE website, by a third-party payment processor. This Privacy Policy does not govern the practices of third-party payment processors, and, if you disclose your information to a third-party payment processor, different rules may apply to its use and disclosure of the information you disclose to such third-party payment processor. You acknowledge that if you provide information to third-party payment processors, that information will be subject to their user agreements, terms and conditions of sale, privacy policies and other applicable policies and agreements, which may differ from this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the policies of third-party payment processors.
CRC® Profile Information
You may edit certain information, including your name and other contact information associated with your user account, at any time by logging into the InFRE website and visiting your CRC® Profile page. If you wish to delete your user account, please contact us.
Children under the age of 13
InFRE’s website is not directed to, and does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from, children under the age of thirteen (13). If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database, or in the alternative, that verifiable parental consent is obtained for the use and storage of such information. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communications from us by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe from receiving emails from InFRE, send an email to info@ infre.org. To discontinue or unsubscribe from receiving the InFRE newsletter, send an email to infrenewsbrief@infre.org. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third-party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe or opt-out. InFRE will continue to adhere to this Policy with respect to any personal information previously collected.
Links to Other Websites
Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. InFRE does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
Security
InFRE takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the webpage. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers and servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. This is all done to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user’s personal information under our control. InFRE also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications to build users’ trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information. In the event we become aware that the security of the Website and Services has been compromised or users Personal Information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including, but not limited to, security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measures, including, but not limited to, investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law. When we do, we will send you an email.
Acceptance of Terms
By using this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you agree and acceptance of such changes.
California Privacy Rights
In addition to the rights as explained in this Policy, Under Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, California residents who provide Personal Information (as defined in the statute) to obtain products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once a calendar year, information about the Personal Information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of Personal Information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared such personal information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in the current year will receive information about the prior year). To obtain this information please contact us.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address. Email: info@infre.orgTelephone Number: 847-756-7350Mailing Address:International Foundation for Retirement EducationP. O. Box 524Barrington, Illinois60011-0524