https://japanphilly.org/site-policies/
About
Contact Us
Supporters
Who We Are
Organizational History
Staff
Board List
Reports
Work With Us
Blog
Newsletter
Shofuso
Visit
Frequently Asked Questions
Group Tours
Shofuso Virtual Tours
Shofuso History
Hiroshi Senju Paintings
Programs
Program Calendar
Annual Meeting
Subaru Cherry Blossom Festival
US-Japan Business & Public Policy Programs
Classes
Conversation Club
Japanese Classroom
Cancelled: Nihongo Philacon
Festivals
Exhibitions
Shofuso and Modernism
2020 Ikebana Exhibition
Membership
Individual Members
Corporate Members
Corporate Member News
Support
Make a Gift
Annual Fund
Preservation Fund
Roof Restoration Fund
Leave a Legacy
Corporate Support
Become a Corporate Member
Become a Sponsor
Current Supporters
Volunteer
JapanPhilly2020
Gift Shop
Site Policies
Privacy Policy
Gift Acceptance Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Japan America Society of Greater Philadelphia collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://japanphilly.org website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Japan America Society of Greater Philadelphia.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, social security number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Japan America Society of Greater Philadelphia collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To personalize user experience. We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions. We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature. To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails. The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Changes to this privacy policy
Japan America Society of Greater Philadelphia has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Gift Acceptance Policy
The Japan America Society of Greater Philadelphia (JASGP) solicits and accepts gifts for purposes that will help the organization further and fulfill its mission. JASGP urges all prospective donors to seek the assistance of personal legal and financial advisors in matters relating to their gifts, including the resulting tax and estate planning consequences.
The following policies and guidelines govern acceptance of gifts made to JASGP for the benefit of any of its operations, programs or services.
Use of Legal Counsel
JASGP will seek the advice of legal counsel in matters relating to acceptance of gifts when appropriate. Review by counsel is recommended for:
Gifts of securities that are subject to restrictions or buy-sell agreements.
Documents naming JASGP as trustee or requiring JASGP to act in any fiduciary capacity.
Gifts requiring JASGP to assume financial or other obligations.
Transactions with potential conflicts of interest.
Gifts of property which may be subject to environmental or other regulatory restrictions.
Restrictions on Gifts
JASGP will not accept gifts that (a) would result in JASGP violating its corporate charter, (b) would result in JASGP losing its status as an IRC § 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization, (c) are too difficult or too expensive to administer in relation to their value, (d) would result in any unacceptable consequences for JASGP, or (e) are for purposes outside JASGP’s mission. Decisions on the restrictive nature of a gift, and its acceptance or refusal, shall be made by the Executive Committee, in consultation with the Executive Director.
Gifts Generally Accepted Without Review
Cash. Cash gifts are acceptable in any form, including by check, money order, credit card, or on-line. Donors wishing to make a gift by credit card must provide the card type (e.g., Visa, MasterCard, American Express), card number, expiration date, and name of the card holder as it appears on the credit card.
Marketable Securities. Marketable securities may be transferred electronically to an account maintained at one or more brokerage firms by JASGP or delivered physically with the transferor’s endorsement or signed stock power (with appropriate signature guarantees) attached. All marketable securities will be sold promptly upon receipt unless otherwise directed by JASGP’s Finance Committee. In some cases marketable securities may be restricted, for example, by applicable securities laws or the terms of the proposed gift; in such instances the decision whether to accept the restricted securities shall be made by the Executive Committee.
Bequests and Beneficiary Designations under Revocable Trusts, Life Insurance Policies, Commercial Annuities and Retirement Plans. Donors are encouraged to make bequests to JASGP under their wills, and to name JASGP as the beneficiary under trusts, life insurance policies, commercial annuities and retirement plans.
Charitable Remainder Trusts. JASGP will accept designation as a remainder beneficiary of charitable remainder trusts.
Charitable Lead Trusts. JASGP will accept designation as an income beneficiary of charitable lead trusts.
Gifts Accepted Subject to Prior Review
Certain forms of gifts or donated properties may be subject to review prior to acceptance. Examples of gifts subject to prior review include, but are not limited to:
Tangible Personal Property. The Executive Committee shall review and determine whether to accept any gifts of tangible personal property in light of the following considerations:
Does the property further the organization’s mission?
Is the property marketable?
Are there any unacceptable restrictions imposed on the property?
Are there any carrying costs for the property for which the organization may be responsible?
Is the title/provenance of the property clear?
Donors wishing to make a gift of tangible personal property should provide a description and any additional documentation of the gift to JASGP to aid in determining if the gift will be accepted.
Life Insurance. JASGP will accept gifts of life insurance where JASGP is named as both beneficiary and irrevocable owner of the insurance policy. The donor must agree to pay, before due, any future premium payments owing on the policy.
Real Estate. All gifts of real estate are subject to review by the Executive Committee. Prior to acceptance of any gift of real estate other than a personal residence, JASGP shall require an initial environmental review by a qualified environmental firm. In the event that the initial review reveals a potential problem, the organization may retain a qualified environmental firm to conduct an environmental audit. Criteria for acceptance of gifts of real estate include:
Is the property useful for the organization’s purposes?
Is the property readily marketable?
Are there covenants, conditions, restrictions, reservations, easements, encumbrances or other limitations associated with the property?
Are there carrying costs (including insurance, property taxes, mortgages, notes, or the like) or maintenance expenses associated with the property?
Does the environmental review or audit reflect that the property is damaged or otherwise requires remediation?
Contacting us
If you have any questions about our policies, please contact us:
Japan America Society of Greater Philadelphia
5070 Parkside Avenue, Suite 1404
Philadelphia, PA 19131
267-237-3550
info@japanphilly.org
Share
Upcoming Events
Rob Buscher, “The Third Space”
Tuesday(December 15, 2020), 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm
Shofuso Virtual Tours
Wednesday(December 16, 2020), 6:00 pm - 7:00 pm
×
Your ticket for the: Site Policies
Title
Site Policies
USD
Close
Print
Join us in preparing for 2021 and beyond.
We remain committed to fostering connections between Japan and Philadelphia, and with your help we will continue providing programs that celebrate and foster the friendship between Japan and Philadelphia. Make a gift today and join us in growing these connections now and into the future.
Click here to donate
×