https://luminous-landscape.com/privacy-policy/
Sign up to receive an email when a new article is posted.
Email Address
Luminous Landscape will use the information you provide on this form to be in touch with you and to provide updates and marketing.
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Luminous-Landscape.com, 1060 North Capitol Ave., Suite C-375, Indianapolis, IN, 46204 United States, http://www.luminous-landscape.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
Subscribe for $1/month Login
VideosForumGet New Article EmailsHome
About
Founder’s Page
Articles
Workshops
Videos
Forum
SearchWe respect your privacy and take the protection of your data very seriously.
We acknowledge that we should only collect and process your data when necessary and that we have a duty by law to protect your information.
We will never distribute or make public your personal information (for commercial gain or otherwise).
Luminous-Landscape.com collects and uses personal data. Here is a breakdown of the various types of information/data collected, the reasons for their collection and how they are used:
Visitation Tracking
The website uses Google Analytics to track user volume, interaction and frequency. We use this data to better understand our customer needs. The data collected by Google Analytics in no way personally identifies you to us. Google Analytics, in relation to us, is a third party data processor. Google Analytics uses cookies. You can disable cookies on your web browser to stop Google Analytics from tracking your visit to our website.
Website
If you sign up to our members only area of the website Luminous-Landscape we will receive information in the form of your name and email address. We will then assign you a password in order that you can sign in to the member’s area. You can change this password to something more memorable to you or retain the one we assign. Either way, we will also have access to this password. (You should ensure the password is unique to this website). The reason we collect and store this information is to manage your access to the members only area. The information is saved within our website database which is hosted by MemberPress. In relation to us, MemberPress is a third party processor. Your information will remain in our database until such a time as we see fit to remove it or you cancel your membership.
As the members only area is a paid service, you will be charged yearly via PayPal or Stripe. PayPal or Stripe will hold the necessary information you have provided them with in order that they can facilitate payment. In relation to us, PayPal or Stripe is a third party data processors. As PayPal or Stripe are taking payment on behalf of ourselves, we can see the name and email address information that PayPal or Stripe hold for you (it will match your login information for the website). We use this information to ensure that your payments are up to date. However, we are not privy to your chosen payment method, payment details or further PayPal or Stripe information.
Contact Form and Help System
If you contact us using the contact form on our contact page/help, none of the data/info will be stored by us or passed to/processed by a third party. The information will be collated into an email and sent to us via Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP).  If you use our help desk your email, as well as details of your question/issues, will be sent to our email system and ZenDesk our CRM system.  We will retain a record of your inquiries as well as continual correspondence for future reference.  This data is not shared or sold.
Email Newsletter
If you sign up for our email newsletter and occasional promotional emails, the email address that you submit will be forwarded to ConstantContact. We use ConstantContact to collect email address details. We use ConstantContact to send bulk email, whether newsletters or promotional. In relation to us, ConstantContact is a third party processor. Your email will not be stored within our own computer systems.
Until such a time as you unsubscribe or we remove your email address from our list, you will receive periodic newsletters and promotional type emails and your email address will remain on the ConstantContact database (for as long as we continue to use their services).
If you would like your email address removed from our database, simply click the unsubscribe button in any of our emails or email us, using the email address that you have registered with us, to explicitly request removal.
Email Correspondence
We use our own email servers in regards to any communication to anyone on our team with an XXX@luminous-landscape.com suffix. We archive and retain all email correspondence until such a time as we see fit to delete it or you ask us to delete it. All correspondence will remain strictly private unless permission is granted otherwise.
Website Servers
This website is hosted by WP Engine. The website is delivered over HTTPS.
Our Third Party Data Processors
We use the following third parties to process personal data on our behalf.
Google (Privacy Policy)
Apple (Privacy Policy)
Constant Contact (https://www.constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement)
Zendesk (https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/)
MemberPress (https://memberpress.com/privacy/)
WP Engine (https://wpengine.com/legal/privacy/)
Data Breaches
In the case of any unlawful data breaches this website’s database or the database(s) or of any of our third party data processors, we will report said breach to the authorities within 48 hours if personal data has been stolen.
Privacy Policy Changes
From time to time we may update our privacy policy. We recommend that all users regularly check this page for any updates as explicit notification will not be given.
Data Protection Officer
Mr. Kevin Raber
email: kwr@luminous-landscape.com
For any questions regarding our privacy policy please contact Kevin Raber at kwr@luminous-landscape.com
Luminous-landscape.com
kwr@luminous-landscape.com
May 2018
Stay Connected
Related ArticlesJanuary 01, 2019 By Josh Reichmann June 15, 2018 By Alain Briot November 27, 2013 By Adam Woodworth