https://memoryfoammattress.org/privacy-statement/
1 (805) 500-6882 drswartzburg@gmail.comUnbiased Memory Foam Mattress and Memory Foam Pillow “Reviews & Ratings” You Can Trust.Privacy Policy Statement Understanding our users help us make changes that benefit the viewers of this website.  Therefore we collect information that you voluntarily provide to us through responses to surveys and questionnaires.MemoryFoamMattress.org will not disclose to unaffiliated companies any information it gathers from you which could be used to identify or contact you (“Personal Information”). Any Personal Information provided to entities affiliated with this site will be treated in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, unless you are otherwise notified. In the following limited circumstances we will consider, and may release, Personal Information to third parties: (1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (2) in special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others.MemoryFoamMattress.org may provide information about you which does not allow you to be identified or contacted (“Aggregate Information”) to third parties. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of our site and the areas to which you navigate.  A company may use the statistical  information for reasons such as demographical purposes.   Depending on the circumstances, we may or may not charge for this information.YOUR PRIVACY CHOICESYou have the option to submit personal information such as an e-mail address for purposes of newsletters and current changes with this website.CHILDREN’S PRIVACYWe are committed to protecting the privacy of children. You should be aware that this website is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is a child under the age of 13.UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFOYou can always contact us in order to (i) delete your personal information from our systems, (ii) update the personal information that you have provided to us, and (iii) change your preferences with respect to marketing contacts, by contacting us here.MemoryFoamMattress.org may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions and updates on our website. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Policy and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy, please exit the site immediately.