https://militaryliving.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Login		 | About | Contact | Facebook
Military Living® Privacy Policy Last Revised: August 24, 2010
Military Living® respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we treat and use the information you provide to us.
Our Privacy Policy applies to information you provide or we collect through our web site(s), e-mail, online newsletters in which you enroll, telephone, regular mail, fax, or in person, and any other means.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. Your use of and/or registration on any aspect of our web site will constitute your agreement to this Privacy Policy. If you cannot agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our web site.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to services, products, web sites, or entities that Military Living® does not own or control. Those services, products, web sites, or entities may have their own privacy policies which apply to the collection and use of your information.
In addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy, please read our User Agreement. Your use of our web site constitutes your agreement to its terms and conditions as well.
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time; the date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page, so check back often. Continued access of our web site by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect. Our web site collects personally identifying information with your knowledge and consent. For example, when you complete a survey, make a purchase, subscribe to our publication(s), or register for any portion of our services, you are asked to provide information such as your e-mail address, name or phone number. Optional information such as your age or gender may also be requested. Our servers may also automatically collect information about your computer, including the type of browser software you use, the operating system you are running, the web site that referred you, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
How We Use Information You Provide. We do not sell your information. We use information you supply to provide you with the service you have requested. For example, if you subscribe to our publication, we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the publication. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services, and/or to improve the services we offer by tailoring them to your needs.
We also allow others to access our database to provide us with services, such as technical maintenance, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. If you choose to purchase items on our web site, we may forward your information to others for services such as credit card processing and order fulfillment. There are also times when you provide information in areas of the site that may be managed or participated in by third parties, such as shopping areas. In those cases, the information may be used by us and by such third party(ies), each pursuant to its own policies. We may also provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that match your interests. While we will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties. We may also provide access to our database in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings, including, for example, in response to subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, or other legal process. In addition, we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer, which may at times be able to identify you, for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, and to otherwise administer our web site. While your personally identifying information is protected as outlined above, we reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners.
In addition, as our business changes, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event we sell, assign, or otherwise transfer all or a portion of our assets, the information from and/or about our web site users may be among the transferred assets.
Cookies. Cookies are bits of information that are placed by a web site on your computer. We may use cookies to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns on the site, to deliver editorial content, and to record registration and personalization information. For example, if you register on our web site and are given the option to save your user name and password on your computer, we can provide this convenience to you by placing a cookie on your computer. Our cookies may contain personally identifiable information. Some of our advertisers may serve you cookies as well. We do not have control over their cookies.
We may also use outside vendors to help present advertisements on our web site. These vendors may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited, to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. In doing so, these vendors may collect non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours, and we disclaim all liability in connection with them. If you do not want the benefits of these advertising cookies, you may be able to opt-out by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp.
If you don’t want any cookies, your Web browser probably includes an option that allows you to turn them off. However, if you set your browser to refuse cookies, some portions of our web site may not function properly.
Opting Out. We respect your privacy. You may ask that we no longer send you e-mails or other online or offline communications. You can make that request by contacting our Privacy Policy Coordinator identified below. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving e-mails or other online or offline communications, we may continue to send you service notifications by e-mail or offline that are related to your account and other products and service you have requested or in which you are currently enrolled. These communications may include communications that may include account information (e.g., subscription expiration and renewal information), answer your questions about a product or service, confirm a sale or subscription, or fulfill a legal or regulatory requirement.
Information Security and Notification. We use reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access and use. But because no data transmission over the Internet is completely secure, and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers or databases. By using our web site you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us. Do not use e-mail to send use any personally identifying information because it can be read by anyone who receives or intercepts it. In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If notification is appropriate, we may notify you by e-mail (if we have your e-mail address).
Kids and Parents. This Web site is not intended for use by children. You must be 18 years of age or older to use the site.
Privacy Policy Coordinator. If you have any concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy, contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as follows:
Privacy Policy Coordinator
Military Living® Publications
333 Maple Ave. East,
#3130
Vienna, VA 22180-4717
privacy@militaryliving.com
R&R Travel News®
December Promo – $5 Off RV, Camping & Getaways Guide™
Lake Walker Family Campground & Cabins at Camp Shelby Training Site – Please Rate Camping & RV Getaway
American Airlines Offers Preflight At-Home COVID-19 Tests
NEXCOM Works To Improve Wi-Fi For Military Families
U.S. Navy Band’s White Christmas Presentation
Search R&R Travel News®
Search for:
Sign Up For Our Weekly Free Newsletter We will never sell or rent your email address, and no spam will ever be sent.
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
*
Last Name
*