https://msfinancialsavvy.com/privacy-statement-and-terms-of-service/
Home
Investor Tips
Money Tips
Chat Now
Blog
Media
Privacy Statement and Terms of Service
Terms of Service |  Disclosure Statement  |  Privacy Statement
Terms of Service
THE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND NOTICES BELOW WILL GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE MSFINANCIALSAVVY.COM SYSTEM. THEY ALSO PROVIDE NOTICE OF SOME OF MSFINANCIALSAVVY.COM™ POLICIES. PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY!
The MsFinancialSavvy.com™ System is offered to you, the user, only conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions and notices contained herein. “System” also refers to all information, text and visual images, software, products and services used or available via the System. Any and all rights not expressly granted in these Terms, Conditions and Notices (collectively, these “Terms”) are reserved by MsFinancialSavvy.com.  MsFinancialSavvy.com reserves the right to change these Terms, at its sole discretion, at any time or from time to time. Your use of the System means that you have read all of these Terms and agree to them. For further information relating to the legal issues contained in these Terms or problem reports regarding this service, please contact  at the “contact us” page on the top toolbar, if you want to remove yourself from our newsletter, click the “unsubscribe” button on our newsletter.
Disclosure Statement
MsFinancialSavvy.com, its principles or associates are NOT licensed brokers or registered investment advisors.  We DO NOToffer recommendations to buy or sell securities.  The investment information provided at MsFinancialSavvy.com is for informational purposes only.
COURSE FOR FANTASTIC FINANCES
Course For Fantastic Finances (aka the #CourseforFantasticFinances), a course that Lois Center-Shabazz teaches members to create fantastic finances through mega-money management in 60 days, so they can secure and build finances, protect home and business assets, and build their ultimate permanent wealth building system, by Lois Center-Shabazz.
There are no guarantees with the the success of the Course For Fantastic Finances, your success is driven by the student, the more you work the better your chances of success. There is a mutual fund educational segment, but there are no recommendations on what to purchase. Lois Center-Shabazz is not a licensed broker and does not recommend investments to buy.
General; Trademarks, Copyrights, etc.
MsFinancialSavvy.com (“CenNet Systems, LLC.”) is the owner of all intellectual property rights (including copyrights) in the MsFinancialSavvy.com System. Material published by MsFinancialSavvy.com on this System may contain other proprietary notices or describe products, services, processes or technologies owned by MsFinancialSavvy.com or third parties. Nothing in these Terms or in the System shall be construed as granting to you a license under any copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property right of MsFinancialSavvy.com or any third party, except as expressly set forth herein.
The deletion or alteration of any copyright or other proprietary notices from the System is strictly forbidden.
“MsFinancialSavvy.com™,” “Fantastic Finances”, Course For Fantastic Finances ™” ” MsFinancialSavvy eBooks™” ,”Live Rich Calculators, ™”  ”MsFinancialSavvy eNews™” “MFSY™’,and certain other names or logos are trademarks of MsFinancialSavvy.com, and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of MsFinancialSavvy.com. All other product and service marks contained herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. The “look” and “feel” of MsFinancialSavvy.com’s™ site (including color combinations, button shapes, layout, design and all other graphical elements) are also MsFinancialSavvy.com’s™ trademarks or copyrights.
All editorial content and graphics on this site, as well as the HTML based computer programs used to generate pages, and the Website are protected by U.S. copyright laws and international treaties and may not be copied without the express permission of MsFinancialSavvy.com, which reserves all rights. Re-use of any of MsFinancialSavvy.com’s editorial content and graphics for any purpose is strictly prohibited without MsFinancialSavvy.com’s™ prior written permission. Please direct any requests for permission at my “contact us” page on the top toolbar.
Please be aware that the information, software, products and services published on this System may include inaccuracies, typographical errors or out-of-date information. Changes are made and items added to the System and the information on it from time to time. MsFinancialSavvy.com may make such changes or additions at any time at its sole discretion.
Other Parties
This System may contain hyperlinks or other connections to Web sites operated by parties other than MsFinancialSavvy.com, including but not limited to those of the MsFinancialSavvy.com™ Member companies and agencies or its advertisers (individually or collectively, as the case may be, “Members”). MsFinancialSavvy.com does not control these Web sites and is not responsible for them, including for their availability, content or any viruses accessed through them. Ms.FinancialSavvy.com™ inclusion of hyperlinks or other connections to such Web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on them or any association with their owners or operators.
MsFinancialSavvy.com takes no responsibility whatsoever for the activities of job applicants or MsFinancialSavvy.com Members or those Members’ respective hiring, recruiting or other practices (or any of the information posted or downloaded by them on the System). Nothing on the System shall be deemed to be an endorsement, representation or warranty with respect to any Member, applicant or other third party, whether in regard to its Web site, products, services or otherwise.
Your Use; Limited License
The Ms.FinancialSavvy.com™ System is for your personal and noncommercial use. Except as otherwise expressly provided, you may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, use, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information or content contained in the System, the MsFinancialSavvy.com Website as a whole software, products or services obtained from or available as part of or in conjunction with this System. You are granted a non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable license to use the System only under these terms and conditions of use.
This license is not a sale of any of the owner’s rights. The MsFinancialSavvy.com System may be used only by you, and you may not rent, lease, lend, sub-license or transfer the System or any data residing on it or any of your rights under this agreement to anyone else. You may not develop or derive for commercial sale any data in machine-readable or other form that incorporates or uses any substantial part of the System. You may not transfer to or store any data residing or exchanged over the MsFinancialSavvy.com System in any electronic network for use by more than one user unless you obtain prior written permission from MsFinancialSavvy.com.
Your Responsibilities
The MsFinancialSavvy.com Site may be used only for lawful purposes by individuals seeking general information, career resources, business resources, and employment. As one of the conditions of your use of the MsFinancialSavvy.com System, you represent, warrant and agree that you will not use (or plan, encourage or help others to use) the System for any purpose or in any manner that is prohibited by these terms, conditions and notices or by applicable law (including but not limited to any applicable export controls). It is YOUR RESPONSIBILITY to ensure that your use of the System complies with these terms, conditions and notices and to seek prior written permission from MsFinancialSavvy.com for any uses not permitted or not expressly specified herein.
In connection with your use of our System, you will not:
1. Transmit any message, information, data, text, software or images, or other materials (“Content”) that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable that may invade another’s right of privacy or publicity;
2. Impersonate any person or entity, including but not limited to, a MsFinancialSavvy.com official, forum leader, guide or host or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
3. Post or transmit any Content that you do not have a right to reproduce, display or transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as nondisclosure agreements);
4. Post or transmit any Content that contains a virus or corrupted data;
5. Delete any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels that you upload to any communication feature;
6. Use the Site’s communication features in a manner that adversely affects the availability of its resources to other users (e.g., excessive shouting, use of all caps, or flooding continuous posting of repetitive text);
7. Post or transmit any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail”, “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes” or any other form of solicitation or any non-resume information such as opinions or notices, commercial or otherwise;
8. Violate any applicable local, state, national or international law; and
9. Upload or transmit any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights (“Rights”) of any party.
10. Post any incomplete, false or inaccurate member information or information which is not your own.
11. Respond to any employment opportunity on the System for any reason other than to apply for the job. Communications soliciting the employer’s or executive search firms business by our competitors is strictly prohibited.
12. Post to the System any franchise, pyramid scheme, “club membership”, distributorship or sales representative agency arrangement or other business opportunity which requires an up front or periodic payment, pays commissions only (no significant salary), requires recruitment of other members, sub-distributors or sub-agents.
13. Delete or revise any material posted by any other person or entity.
14. Print out or otherwise copy or use any personally identifiable information about employees or business information about employers. Unsolicited e-mail, telephone calls, mailings or other contacts to posting individuals and companies are prohibited.
Web Site Security Rules
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of MsFinancialSavvy.com, including, without limitation, (i) accessing data not intended for such user or logging into a server or account which such user is not authorized to access, (ii) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization,(iii) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of overloading, “flooding”, “mailbombing” or “crashing”, or (iv) sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions or advertising of products or services, or (v) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting.
Violations of System or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. MsFinancialSavvy.com will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations.
Your Grants
By submitting (e.g., uploading) Content to the System, you automatically grant MsFinancialSavvy.com the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable right and license to use, reproduce, modify (to comport with the System), adapt, publish, distribute, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such Content (in whole or part) worldwide or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed, without restriction or compensation. In addition, you warrant that all so-called “moral rights” in the Content have been waived. MsFinancialSavvy.com and its designees shall have the right, but not the obligation, in their sole discretion to edit, refuse to post, or remove any Content posted on the System. Without limiting the foregoing, MsFinancialSavvy.com and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates these Terms or are otherwise objectionable. You agree to indemnify and hold MsFinancialSavvy.com harmless from any third party claim, damages or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, relating to or arising out of your violation of these Terms, your representations and warranties, or your violation of any rights of another.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Privacy Statement
Because we, at MsFinancialSavvy.com, gather certain types of information about users of our site, we feel you should be aware of the terms surrounding the capture and use of that information. Strong electronic privacy is crucial to the success of the Internet as an online medium. The following discloses what information we gather, how we use or distribute it, and how you can change it.
Information We Gather
We collect statistical information such as page views on an aggregated basis. Such information allows us to find out what areas and content are the most popular on our site. It also allows us to better tailor our content for readers and to help our advertisers understand the demographics of our audience. Aggregated data is essential to keeping MsFinancialSavvy.com free to users. Personal information about you is not obtainable during this process.
Surveys
MsFinancialSavvy.com may sometimes conduct surveys to better understand our target audience. We sometimes conduct promotions that are sponsored by advertisers. Aggregated demographic data may be shared during the course of such promotions.
Newsletters
MsFinancialSavvy.com offers a free electronic newsletter to our readers. Users voluntarily subscribe to the mailing list by giving their e-mail addresses to us. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by going to my “contact us” page on the top toolbar, or by replying to a link provided in the electronic newsletter at the bottom of the newsletter at “unsubscribe” link.
Message Boards
Users of MsFinancialSavvy.com message boards or comment boards must register for these services. During registration, the user is required to supply a username, password, e-mail address. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and may be collected and used by others. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Cookies
Cookies are small bits of data that are written to your hard drive when you visit a web site. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID to track the pages you’ve visited or a password so you don’t constantly have to re-enter it. A cookie can’t read data off of your hard drive or read other cookies created by other web sites.
Links
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. We do not control cookies from other outside sites.
How We Use the Information
MsFinancialSavvy.com uses your information on an aggregated basis to create traffic reports, deliver marketing messages, and enhance users experience. This also allows us to better anticipate the needs of our users and tailor future content based on users interests. Advertisers will be able to better understand our demographics so they can develop ads that users will find beneficial.
We will not sell your e-mail address or your name and personal demographic information (if requested) to mass marketers or mailing list distributors. We do not share personal information with third parties or affiliates without your explicit consent, period. On particular pages where we have an advertiser-sponsored promotion and request personal information, you will be notified of our intentions.
As stated above, MsFinancialSavvy.com uses e-mail addresses that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters. We may use the mailing list to occasionally send you information or updates from MsFinancialSavvy.com via e-mail. E-mail addresses are also used to log into message board and chat areas. We retain e-mail addresses that were the result of correspondence with users. These include responses to such items as feedback, questions, or subscriptions.
How You Can Change the Information
MsFinancialSavvy.com gives its users an option to “Opt Out” of receiving such information as newsletters, tip of the day, etc. Users may remove themselves from the newsletter mailing list by going my “contact us” page on the top toolbar . Users may remove themselves from message board/chat areas by following the specific instructions for that particular area.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We will ensure the proper safeguarding of your personal information.
Children’s Guidelines
We do not permit minors to answer surveys/polls or log on to message board and chat areas without prior consent of their parents or guardian. We request that minors refrain from using any part of our site that requires the disclosure of personal information unless they have prior permission from parents or guardian. We feel our site is “Safe for Kids”, however, it is always a good idea for parents to get involved with their kid’s online so they can be aware of what they’re doing.
Note to Kids: Make sure you ask your parents or guardian for permission before sending any personal information such as an e-mail address or name to this web site. Make sure your parents read this page as well. Kids under the age of 15 cannot use this website.
Contact Information
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time. Any notices that reflect a change will be posted on this page, so check regularly. We hope this privacy policy clarifies our handling of your personal information. If you have any questions about the privacy statement, the practices of our site, or your dealings with our site, you can contact:
MsFinancialSavvy.com
PO Box 1385
Chesapeake, Va.23327-1385
“contact us” at the top toolbar to contact Lois
Also, please read our Disclaimer [link]. Your use of MsFinancialSavvy.com constitutes your acceptance of MsFinancialSavvy.com Terms of Service [link].
TweetShareFlipBufferPinSharePocketRedditShare0 Shares