http://nanps.org/privacy-policy/
Who We Are
Home
Board of Directors
Brief History
Mission
NANPS Committees
Support Team
Financial
Plant sales
FAQ
NANPS Plant Sale Locations
2019 Plant Sale Advance Ordering is now finished
Events & Activities
NANPS AGMs & Socials
NANPS Awards
Excursions
Speakers and Workshops
NANPS Plant Sale Locations
NANPS Seed Exchange
Information Tables
Growing Native Plants
How to Start Gardening with Native Plants
Gardening Tips
Native Plant Database
Native Plants to Know
Commercial Growers
Seed Collecting
NANPS Seed Exchange
Rain Gardens
Conservation
Conservation Properties
Alien Invaders
Plant Rescues
Shining Tree Woods
Zinkan Island Cove
Zinkan Island Cove Inspection
NANPS Publications
Blazing Star
Share Your Stories
Other NANPS Publications
External Resources
The Local Scoop
Native Plant Societies
Other Publications
Photo Album
Get Involved
Become a Member/Renew Membership
Volunteer
Donate
Official Privacy Policy
The North American Native Plant Society collects the name, mailing address, telephone number(s) and email address of our members, primarily through membership forms. We also keep information regarding individual member’s interests with respect to Society activities.
We collect this information:
to maintain an accurate membership database
to mail out NANPS quarterly newsletter & e-news
to notify members about NANPS activities & events and to solicit volunteers for these activities.
NANPS does not sell or trade any of the information collected.
Favourite Wildflowers and Shrubs
Recent Initiatives
Flowers and Food: Growing Edible Native Plants, Lorraine JohnsonPropagating Native Plants: Getting Your Seeds to Grow, Stefan WeberThe Wild and Wonderful World of Bees, Laurence Packer
Volunteering
NANPS is a volunteer-operated organization. Virtually everything we achieve is through the efforts of volunteers. The more assistance offered by our members, the more we can accomplish together.
If you have some time to give...even just occasionally...you can help. Read More...
NANPS Seed Exchange
The 2019 - 2020 Seedex
list is available for viewing at Native Plant Seed Exchange!
The NANPS Seed Exchange is open to all members across the continent and relies on your participation.
If you are not yet a member, you may join online now or include your membership form with your seed request....Read More
Home
Contact
Official Privacy Policy
Copyright
© 2017 NANPS.ORG. All rights reserved.
Powered by: Nature.