https://navicoresolutions.org/privacy-statement/
Call us Toll Free 1-833-997-1226
CWA Login
/
Chat/
Toggle navigation
833-997-1226
Privacy Statement
Web Privacy Policy
Garden State Consumer Credit Counseling, Inc. d/b/a Navicore Solutions (“Navicore Solutions”) is committed to assuring the privacy of individuals and/or families who have contacted us for assistance.  Your privacy is held in strict confidence in compliance with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Privacy Act except as authorized to be released by you. We assure you that all “nonpublic personal information” shared both orally and in writing such as your name, address, telephone number, assets, liabilities and any other personal information concerning your finances will be managed within legal and ethical considerations.
Collection and Use of Personal Information: If you are just browsing our site, you can do so anonymously. We do not ask for personal information during your visit unless you complete a request for services or decide to log into our customer portal to provide information or receive documents. Navicore Solutions does not disclose any information to third parties, except as permitted or required by law or as required for specific services as explained in this privacy statement. Further note that Navicore Solutions does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site, including membership forms or e-mail lists. Navicore Solutions considers all personal information confidential.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. Children under the age of thirteen may not submit any personally identifiable information to Navicore Solutions.
How your information is transferred to Third Parties: The following privacy practices detail circumstances under which we may release your information to a third party as permitted by law:
When you have provided a request to do so, or when our staff has been served by a valid subpoena.
We may compile data and aggregate information that you give us, and share it with our partners, advertisers and connected sites, but this information may not be disclosed in a manner that would personally identify you in any way.
Access to nonpublic personal information about you may be released to contractors or agencies with legitimate authority to provide services to you, or to monitor Navicore Solutions’ practices for quality assurance or compliance purposes.
Navicore Solution’s use of cookies:
What is a cookie?  We automatically track certain data based upon your behavior on our site using “cookies” and other devices like pixel tags. We use this information to do internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand our users. This data may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using, and your IP address. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent from our web server to your browser which is saved on the hard drive of your computer. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites, and it will not damage your system. You can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser. You may set your browser to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser, or block all cookies. Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered by Navicore Solutions.  Whether you configure your web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, etc.) to delete and/or control the use of cookies, or use the opt-out mechanism described below to manage cookies is at your discretion.
What type of cookies do we use and when? There are two broad classes of cookie: session and permanent. Session cookies are used to keep track of information needed by a user and their browser on their journey through a website. These cookies are used to recognize that you are logged into the website and help the website to remember your customized preferences.  For example, by saving your language preferences, we may be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer.  Session cookies have a short lifetime and expire within a few minutes of the user leaving the site. Navicore Solutions uses session cookies to keep you logged in for the duration of your visit, which enables you to complete certain actions on the website.  Navicore Solutions uses permanent cookies to enable basic web traffic analysis using Google Analytics showing us which areas of the site are popular and those that are not often visited which allows us to prioritize our enhancements to our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site.  The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, and where visitors have come to the site and the pages they visited. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or features that may appear on other sites.
Web Beacons:  We, our third party service providers, advertisers or our partners may also use “web beacons” or clear .gifs, or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. Web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. For example, if you often visit content on Navicore Solutions about debt relief, we may use web beacons to infer your possible interest in debt relief and may deliver an ad to you related to that interest. The type of information collected might include the IP address of the computer, the web page being viewed, the date/time it was viewed, and user activity on the page. It’s important to understand that these technologies do not use personally identifiable information to make this happen but instead use anonymous identifiers within the cookies stored in your browser. We do not collect personally identifiable information through web beacons.
Use of your personal information submitted to other websites:  Some of our sites contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc., whose information practices may be different than ours.  We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites even if you accessed the third party website using links from our website or you linked to our website from a third party website. The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers and others is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies.   We recommend that you check the policy of each website you visit and contact the owner or operator of such website if you have any concerns or questions.
Opt-out: If you do not wish to allow your browsing information on our sites to be aggregated and analyzed by us, you may choose to opt-out.  When you opt-out, we will place an opt-out cookie on your computer to track that you’ve opted out. The opt-out cookie tells us not to use your information for delivering relevant online advertisements. That opt-out cookie (like all cookies) is associated with a particular computer and browser, so for example if you get a new computer, install a new browser, or delete your cookies, you’ll need to opt-out again.  If you opt-out, you’ll still see the same ads from us online, but we just won’t know it’s you, so we won’t be able to apply any of your preferences to make them as relevant to you.
We use Google Analytics and currently retain some of your information for 26 months.  An opt-out tool is available for users who do not wish to have their data used by Google Analytics at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
How to modify/delete your information: You may access or correct your personal information, privacy preferences and/or opt-out of communications by writing or calling Navicore Solutions at:
Garden State Consumer Credit Counseling, Inc. d/b/a Navicore Solutions 200 U.S. Highway 9 Manalapan, NJ 07726 Phone: 1.800.772.4557 Fax: 1.732.863.1025 Email: clientservices@navicoresolutions.org
Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us.
Monitoring of Phone Calls:
Navicore Solutions monitors and/or records out-bound and in-bound telephone calls for quality assurance purposes, where permissible by law. Any recording or information obtained from monitoring telephone calls is held in the same strict confidence as all the information we gather.
Legal Disclaimer: We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal processes.
Changes in this Privacy Statement:  We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy we will notify you here or by means of notice on our home page.
In Good Company