http://oldfashionedhomemaking.com/privacy-policy/
Home Privacy
Privacy
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, Old Fashioned Homemaking has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Our Commitment To Childrens Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, Old Fashioned Homemaking will never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18.
Under our Terms of Service, children under 18 are not allowed to access our service.
Collection of Personal Information
When visiting Old Fashioned Homemaking, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party Websites
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of Old Fashioned Homemaking then you may contact us at Heidi@oldfashionedhomemaking.com
This privacy policy was generated by the Easy Privacy Policy plugin for WordPress.
Last updated Wed, 05 May 2010 18:35
Share on Facebook
Share
Share on TwitterTweet
Share on Pinterest
Share
Send email
Mail
Print
Print
Sign Up for Email Notifications
First Name
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Recent Posts
Gifts Under $15 For All Your Gift Giving
Things I Hope Continue After “Shelter At Home” Is Over
Surviving the decision to be a homemaker
Is it okay to be a working homemaker?
Get The Hair Style That Really Works — ALL Day
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Canning and Preserving
Casting A Vision
Cleaning
Decorating
DIY
Family Fun
Growing Your Own Food
Home Finance
Home Management
Hospitality
In The Kitchen
Laundry
Meal Planning
Organizing
Personal
Personal Quiet Time
Practical
Recipes
Relationships
Uncategorized
What Every Cook Should Know
Search for:
Let Me Introduce You