http://online-cookbook.com/goto/cook?p=privacy
On Line Cookbook Privacy Policy
Home .
Contents .
Index .
Search .
Glossary
We treat your privacy as we would our own.
There are a couple of
elements of our site that we would like to explain with regard to
your privacy.
Cookies
Not only do we bake cookies, we also use cookies in this web site to
track overall usage and to keep track of your navigation.
For example,
when you are viewing a certain page of the index, the cookbook remembers
the page for you.
When you search the cookbook for a phrase, it
remembers the list that was generated.
Therefore, for the site to work best,
it is important that you have cookies enabled on your browser, at least
so the cookie can be sent to the originating server.
All this is done with a single cookie that allows your browser to tell us
a nonsensicle but unique value we call a session id.
There is no other
information, certainly no personal information, that is being sent to us.
In addition, the cookie expires as soon as you close your browser.
Third-party Advertising
On May 25, 2018, due to new GDPR regulation in the European Union, we dropped
all advertising from the site.
The third party advertisers were requiring
changes to our site to comply with this regulation, and considering the
revenue, or lack thereof, from those advertisers, it was not worth our time
to study the compliance requirements and changes we would have to make to
ensure that we would not be deemed in violation someday and have to somehow cough
up the minimum €10,000,000 fine.
Yes, that's what the
regulation says, that even a site like this one, that barely generated
hamburger money on a monthly basis, could be subject to a fine equal to millions
of hamburgers.
Copyright ©1997-2020 by Synergetic Data Systems Inc.
All rights
reserved.
SDSI neither endorses nor warrants any products advertised herein.
All
recipe content provided to SDSI is assumed to be original unless identified
as otherwise by the submitter.
SDSI provides all content herein AS IS, without warranty.
SDSI is
not responsible for errors or omissions, nor for consequences of improper
preparation, user allergies, or any other consequence of food preparation
or consumption.
This site uses cookies, but they do not contain or tranmit any personal information.
Send comments to
our email.
For
more information, check our About
the Cookbook page.