https://pensionresearchcouncil.wharton.upenn.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Skip to main menu
The following is the Privacy Policy of the Pension Research Council. To read the Privacy Policy of the University of Pennsylvania, please visit: https://www.upenn.edu/about/privacy_policy
The Pension Research Council recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of our online visitors. It is our intent to balance the Council’s goals of disseminating information to you with your reasonable expectations of privacy. The following is the way we handle information learned about you from your visits to our website.
Data Collected
Like most other websites, pensionresearchcouncil.org deposits certain bits of information called “cookies” in the computer of someone who elects to register and download papers and chapters from our site for free, when that information is provided voluntarily by a website visitor. Cookies are sent back only to the website that deposited them when a visitor returns to that site. Cookies can tell us how and when pages in a website are visited, which pages are visited, and by how many people. We use the information we collect through this technology to improve our site.
Personally Identifiable Information
The Pension Research Council collects information including names, postal addresses, e-mail address, phone numbers, and preferences only when that information is provided voluntarily by a website visitor. We reserve the right to contact visitors occasionally with updated information, organizational news, special offers, or new services. Visitors reserve the right to refuse this information by contacting us directly. We do not sell or share email addresses we collect on this website with outside or constituent organizations, without explicit permission to do so from you. Users who no longer wish to receive our informational email may opt-out of receiving such communications by emailing us at prc@wharton.upenn.edu using “Unsubscribe” in the subject line. The information provided will be kept until we are requested to remove this information by the visitor(s).
Use of Third Party Sites
The Pension Research Council uses Constant Contact, a third party mass emailing system, to send our E-Newsletter once every approximately two weeks to one month. By signing up for our E-Newsletter, you agree that we will use your email address to send these newsletters. The information we provide will not be sold and is used only by the Pension Research Council. If you wish to no longer receive these emails after signing up, you may opt out at any time by clicking “unsubscribe” in the email or by emailing prc@wharton.upenn.edu using “unsubscribe” in the subject line.
How We Keep Your Data Secure
Access to the data we collect is available only to the PRC staff by PennKey authentication. Unfortunately, the transmission of any information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of Personal Data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Links to Other Sites
As a resource to our visitors, the Pension Research Council may provide links to other websites. We choose websites that we believe are useful and meet our high standards. However, we do not guarantee the privacy standards of every website link we provide nor are we responsible for the content of these sites.
Questions and Changes in Information
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or would like to change or update your personal information, please contact us at prc@wharton.upenn.edu.
To download a copy of this privacy policy, please click here.
TweetShareShare