https://perfectgardentool.com/terms
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use AgreementWelcome to our website for PerfectGardenTool.com! The Perfect Garden Tool System is a product of Ultimate Gardening LLC. Ultimate Gardening LLC is the owner of all Perfect Garden Tool patents, trademarks and copyrights.Please take a moment to review our Terms and Conditions. Your use of this site constitutes your agreement to follow these Terms and Conditions and to be bound by them.These Terms and Conditions May ChangeUltimate Gardening LLC reserves the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions whenever you purchase products from us or use our website.Shipping and HandlingOur shipping and handling charges are intended to cover the cost of processing your order, handling and shipping the products.User CommentsWe welcome your comments about our website and our products. However, any comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications (collectively “Comments”) sent to our website shall be and will remain the exclusive property of Ultimate Gardening LLC. Your submission of any such Comments shall constitute an assignment to Ultimate Gardening LLC of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Comments. Ultimate Gardening LLC will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. For this reason, we ask that you not send us any comments that you do not wish to assign to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials such as stories, product ideas, or original artwork.Third Party Web LinksPerfect Garden Tool and other pages on our website include links to third party websites. These sites are governed by their own privacy policies, and Perfect Garden Tool is not responsible for their operations, including, but not limited to, their information practices. Users submitting information to or through these sites should review the privacy statements of these sites.WarrantyUltimate Gardening LLC warrants that its products will be free from defects in material and workmanship. In the event of such a defect, Ultimate Gardening LLC will replace the tool at no charge, subject to the following conditions. This warranty applies only to the original purchaser from the original retailer. This warranty does not apply to the weeder tool attachments, which have replaceable blades, totes or kneeling pads. Damage to the product caused by misuse, abuse, neglect, unauthorized modification or repair, or use other than home, personal, or private non-commercial is not covered by this warranty. Rust, corrosion and normal wear are expressly not covered. Ultimate Gardening LLC’s liability for breach of warranty shall be limited to replacing the defective goods (to be determined at its discretion). We shall not be liable for any other damages, either direct, incidental or consequential. Certain tools have weight and torque limitations. To obtain performance under this warranty, you must return the product to Ultimate Gardening LLC directly at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite #1575, Dallas, TX 75240. These limitations do not apply where prohibited by law. This warranty gives the original purchaser legal rights. Other specific legal rights may vary from state to state.Inaccuracy DisclaimerFrom time to time there may be information on our website or in our catalog that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability. Ultimate Gardening LLC reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).