https://perfectgardentool.com/privacy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this information explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.The Information We CollectThis notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Perfect Garden Tool website by Ultimate Gardening LLC. On some pages, products can be ordered and requests and information submitted. The types of personal information collected at these pages may include: Name, Address, Email Address, Phone Number, Credit/Debit Card Information, etc.The Way We Use InformationWe use the information you provide when placing an order or request only to complete the process. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your order/request.We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not shared with outside parties.You can register with our website if you would like to receive our e-newsletter as well as updates on new products and services.We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.CookiesCookies, pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive, allow us to recognize you as a Perfect Garden Tool customer. Our cookies enable us to provide you with more personal service. Once you log out or close your browser, these session cookies expire and no longer have any effect.Questionnaires, Surveys, and Profile DataFrom time to time we may offer incentives for optional questionnaires or surveys to our customers for such purposes as collecting demographic information or assessing customers’ interests or needs. The use of the information will be explained in the survey itself. If we collect personally-identifiable information in these surveys, the customers will be given notice of how the information will be used prior to their participation in the survey or questionnaires.CopyrightThe text, graphics, logos, designs, and photographs are covered by United States and International copyright laws. No reproductions are allowed without written approval from Perfect Garden Tool.How To Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us.Ultimate Gardening LLC5430 LBJ FreewaySuite #1575Dallas, TX 75240T: 888-315-3232www.PerfectGardenTool.com  is a product of Ultimate Gardening LLC. Ultimate Gardening LLC is the owner of all Perfect Garden Tool patents, trademarks and copyrights.Please take a moment to review our Terms and Conditions. Your use of this site constitutes your agreement to follow these Terms and Conditions and to be bound by them.These Terms and Conditions May ChangeUltimate Gardening LLC reserves the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions whenever you purchase products from us or use our website.Shipping and HandlingOur shipping and handling charges are intended to cover the cost of processing your order, handling and shipping the products.User CommentsWe welcome your comments about our website and our products. However, any comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications (collectively “Comments”) sent to our website shall be and will remain the exclusive property of Ultimate Gardening LLC. Your submission of any such Comments shall constitute an assignment to Ultimate Gardening LLC of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Comments. Ultimate Gardening LLC will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. For this reason, we ask that you not send us any comments that you do not wish to assign to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials such as stories, product ideas, or original artwork.Third Party Web LinksPerfect Garden Tool and other pages on our website include links to third party websites. These sites are governed by their own privacy policies, and Perfect Garden Tool is not responsible for their operations, including, but not limited to, their information practices. Users submitting information to or through these sites should review the privacy statements of these sites.WarrantyUltimate Gardening LLC warrants that its products will be free from defects in material and workmanship. In the event of such a defect, Ultimate Gardening LLC will replace the tool at no charge, subject to the following conditions. This warranty applies only to the original purchaser from the original retailer. This warranty does not apply to the weeder tool attachments, which have replaceable blades, totes or kneeling pads. Damage to the product caused by misuse, abuse, neglect, unauthorized modification or repair, or use other than home, personal, or private non-commercial is not covered by this warranty. Rust, corrosion and normal wear are expressly not covered. Ultimate Gardening LLC’s liability for breach of warranty shall be limited to replacing the defective goods (to be determined at its discretion). We shall not be liable for any other damages, either direct, incidental or consequential. Certain tools have weight and torque limitations. To obtain performance under this warranty, you must return the product to Ultimate Gardening LLC directly at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite #1575, Dallas, TX 75240. These limitations do not apply where prohibited by law. This warranty gives the original purchaser legal rights. Other specific legal rights may vary from state to state.Inaccuracy DisclaimerFrom time to time there may be information on our website or in our catalog that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability. Ultimate Gardening LLC reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).