https://pizzaoftheworld.com/anti-spam-policy/
Countertop Pizza Ovens
Outdoor Pizza Oven
Pizza Pan
Pizza Peel
Pizza Signs
Pizza Stone
Anti Spam Policy
The owner of this website does not authorize the harvesting, mining or collection of e-mail addresses or other information from or through the website or its services.
The owner of this website does not permit or authorize others to use his services to collect, compile or obtain any information about its customers or subscribers, including but not limited to subscriber e-mail addresses. The owner of this website does not permit or authorize any attempt to use its services in a manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair any aspect of any of the services, or that could interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of any the owner service.
If the owner of this website believes that unauthorized or improper use is being made of any service, it may, without notice, take such action as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including blocking messages from a particular internet domain, mail server or IP address. The owner of this website may immediately terminate any account on any service which it determines, in its sole discretion, is transmitting or is otherwise connected with any e-mail that violates this policy.
Nothing in this policy is intended to grant any right to transmit or send e-mail to, or through, this website and/or services. Failure to enforce this policy in every instance does not amount to a waiver of rights of the owner of this website.
Unauthorized use of this website services in connection with the transmission of unsolicited e-mail, including the transmission of e-mail in violation of this policy, may result in civil, criminal, or administrative penalties against the sender and those assisting the sender.
Violators of the CAN SPAM Act may be subject to “cease and desist” orders or penalties from the FTC (Federal Trade Commission) of up to $11,000 per violation. Criminal prosecution is also possible in the case of egregious offenders, which can result in penalties such as fines, forfeiture of proceeds and equipment. The worst offenders can also be subject to prison time.
Comments
Comments are disabled for this post.
Our SiteHome
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Anti Spam Policy
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice
Amazon Affiliate Disclaimer
Insulin Cooler
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings
Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Register | Lost your password?
Register
First Name
Last Name
Username
E-mail
Password
If September was last month, what is this month?
Sign In | Lost your password?
Reset Password
Username or E-mail
Sign In | Register