https://plantnebraska.org/community-landscapes/get-design-help.html
Skip to main content
Community Landscapes
Become an Arboretum
Start a Landscape Project
Project Funding
Bloom Box
Free Trees for Fall Planting
Trees for Nebraska Towns
Greener Towns
Greener Towns Plant Grants
Get Design Help
Learn What Works
Green Team Log In
Log Out
Get Design Help
Need assistance getting a public or semi-public project going? The Nebraska Statewide Arboretum can help make your dreams into reality. Over the years, we have helped hundreds of individuals, communities, businesses and design and engineering professionals develop recipes for vibrant places.
Having a firm vision is an important first step.
Our goal is to support you in getting the best outcome possible. We take on a few projects each year and charge a fee for staff and travel time. Please contact Landscape Specialist Rachel Anderson at randerson28@unl.edu to begin.
VISIONING AND MASTER PLANNING
Together we can transform your community, corridor or campus into a remarkable place that celebrates people and nature. Our collaborative process leads to inspirational ideas and an illustrative ‘road map’ with which to pursue funding.
LANDSCAPE PLANS
We can develop a plan for your project that showcases the beauty of eco-friendly landscaping, while fitting your budget and comfort level. Get a map of plant locations and a species list to present to nurseries, contractors and volunteers.
CARE GUIDES AND INVENTORIES
Learn about the plants you have and how to take care of them season-by-season. Our horticulture experts are happy to draw up a management plan for your landscape or provide in-person training for whoever maintains it.
How can I find a professional in my area?
An easy way to locate design services in Nebraska is to check the membership directory of a professional society and see who’s nearby.
Nebraska Nursery and Landscape AssociationAmerican Society of Landscape ArchitectsNebraska Board of Landscape Architects