https://pregnancycrawler.com/privacy-policy-2
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting PregnancyCrawler.com. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit PregnancyCrawler.com to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
The material refers to any information, content, advertisements, or postings by other parties on this site. The material on this web site is subject to change, could be inaccurate, and is meant for guidance only, so we cannot take responsibility for your use of the information, including direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, or consequential damages. We do not make any warranties for products or services mentioned on this site, including advertisers; this includes information provided by us and by visitors who post messages to this site. IN ALL CASES, it is very important for you to contact the appropriate authorities, companies, or persons to clarify your responsibilities and rights.
Links to Other Websites
We may provide links to other websites on some sections of our site because we think they provide activities, information, or offers that you might enjoy. Once you enter the other site, if you use any of their services or provide them with any information, their rules and policies apply, not ours.
You should be careful not to provide any personal information, such as your name, address, or email address to other websites unless the privacy policy specifies a way for your parents to give permission, and your parents do give you permission to participate on the site.
Usage tracking
This section covers HOW and WHEN we ask for information, WHAT information we collect and WHY we collect it:
Comments, Questions and Feedback.
The PregnancyCrawler.com allows you to post comments to each article. We do not require you to enter your name or email address, and if you do enter your email address we will not post your email address on the site. As you look at our site, you might decide to use our feedback page to give us advice about what you think we are doing well, or what you think we can do to make this website even better. If you want to give us feedback, you may do soon the Contact Us page without telling us anything about yourself. But, if you ask a question and would like us to respond, you will need to give us your email address. We will use your email address only to respond to the question or feedback that you sent to us.
Use of Cookies and Tracking User Traffic
Some pages on this site may use “cookies”—small files that the site places on your hard drive for identification purposes. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID to track the pages visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. These files are used for site registration and customization the next time you visit us.
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.  This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on PregnancyCrawler.com to support our site.  Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.  This is generally used for geotargeting purposes or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history. DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program.
Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Herbs and Natural Remedies
Vitamins and Minerals
Protein, Fats and Carbohydrates
Eating for a Healthy Pregnancy
Nutrition and Weight Gain
Categories
Doctors and Midwives
Feeding Your Baby
Health Your Baby
Infections During Pregnancy
Lab Tests in Pregnancy
Medical Problems During Pregnancy
Mom Health
Parent
Prenatal Care
Preparing for Pregnancy
Problems During Delivery
Problems During Labor
Real Story
The Effects of Pregnancy on Your Body
The Human Labor Process
Your Baby