https://profeet.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Social
Privacy policy
We take your privacy seriously and take only necessary details to record your appointment and assessment. All data is stored securely and we do not share details with 3rd parties.
Who are we?
Profeet Limited, 867-869 Fulham Road, London SW6 5HP. We offer an appointment based service during which we may perform visual and functional analysis of your feet, ankle lower limbs and biomechanics in-order to create custom insoles, make footwear/ski boot recommendations, customise footwear/ski boots and suggest ways in which you can improve your movement and or sports. We sell our analysis services, insoles, footwear/ski boots and accessories instore and sometimes by mail order.
What does this Policy cover?
We at Profeet Limited take your personal data seriously. This policy:
sets out the types of personal data that we collect about you
explains how and why we collect and use your personal data
explains how long we keep your personal data for
explains when, why and with who we will share your personal data
sets out the legal basis we have for using your personal data
explains the effect of refusing to provide the personal data requested
explains the different rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data
explains how we may contact you and how you can contact us.
What personal data do we collect about you?
We collect the information necessary to be able to book and carry out your appointment and to be able to make custom insoles, advise and fit footwear/ski boots and advise on movement.
This includes name and contact details and may include information on; your sports, your activities, your movement patterns, your physiology, your injuries and other issues that may affect your analysis, insoles, footwear and movement and our recommendations. We may collect this information either on paper or electronically.
We use special analysis software and hardware which may record; video, 3D images, pressure and or force measurements of how you stand or move. We use this to further assess your physiology and movement in order that we may advise and fit footwear.
We keep a record of correspondence, appointments and of goods you have purchased from us.
We use CCTV on our premises, so may collect CCTV footage of you in our store.
If you chose to order goods by mail order we may also collect information relevant to the posting and delivery of goods that you purchase. We may collect the following information about you through your use of our website:
name, address, email address and other contact information;
records of your correspondence with us;
details of your visit to the Website.
Where do we collect personal data about you from?
The following are the different sources we may collect personal data about you from:
Directly from you. This is information you provide when you make an enquiry, book an appointment, register for an appointment, during an appointment, or when you order goods.
By our specialist analysis software and hardware during your appointment.
Through your use of our website (through Google Analytics)
How and why we use your personal data?
We use your personal data:
In order to book and contact you about your appointment; to assess your footwear, insoles and movement needs in order to make suitable recommendations of footwear and to make custom insoles for you;
To send you purchased goods (mail order purchases only)
From time to time to send you our newsletter;
To deal with any issues arising with the goods sold to you and for the purposes of any refitting required;
In order to review your analysis and purchase history and identify any changes over time if you attend further fitting appointments in the future;
For the purposes of staff training and customer service, including dealing with complaints;
To ensure the content in our Website is presented in the most effective manner;
To comply with applicable laws and regulations
To provide you with any information you have requested;
For administrative purposes.
To maintain a safe and secure environment for staff and customers, and for the prevention of and prosecution of crime (CCTV footage)
How long do we keep your personal data for?
We keep your information in accordance as follows:
Analysis data 10 years from the date of your last purchase from us;
Product and service purchase details 10 years from the date of your last purchase from us
Who do we share your personal data with?
Save as outlined below, we do not share your personal data with anyone.
In relation to personal data obtained through our website, we may use selected agents to process data on our behalf, such as software providers to host the website or analytics and search engine providers to improve the site. Such third parties will be authorised to see and use your information but only to fulfil their contractual obligations to us and will not be permitted to use it for any other purpose. We retain full responsibility for how your personal information may be used by such agents.
In exceptional circumstances we may share your information when we are legally required to do so.
What legal basis do we have for using your information?
Our processing of your personal data is necessary for the purposes of fulfilling our contractual obligations to you.
We only collect and process special categories of sensitive personal data from you (for example data relating to your health) where you have given your explicit consent.
Some of our processing of your personal data (sending of newsletters, staff training, customer services, recording CCTV footage) is reasonably necessary for the legitimate interests of Profeet, namely and in order to keep in touch with customers to inform them of news, new products/services, the training of staff and monitoring customer service to ensure that we continue to provide the highest levels of service, and to maintain a safe and secure environment for our staff and customers and for the prevention and prosecution of crime (CCTV footage)
What happens if you do not provide us with the information we request or ask that we stop processing your information? If you do not provide the personal data necessary, or withdraw your consent for the processing of your special category data, we will not be able to perform an analysis or to assist with insoles, footwear/ski boots or movement advice. We would also not be able to send you any purchases.
Do we make automated decisions concerning you?
No, we do not carry out automated decision making.
Do we use Cookies to collect personal data on you? To provide better service to you on our websites, we use cookies to collect your personal data when you browse. See our Cookie policy below for further details.
How do we protect personal information?
We place great importance on the security of your personal information and we always try to take appropriate precautions to protect it.
Despite all of our precautions however, no data transmission over the internet or by email can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. So, whilst we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information which you disclose to us and you must understand that you do so at your own risk.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
© 2020 Profeet Limited. All rights reserved.
Web Design Inca Creative