https://propane.ca/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
The following websites are owned and operated by the Canadian Propane Association (CPA):
www.propane.ca
www.erac.org
By using these websites, you agree to the following Privacy Policy.
The CPA and its affiliates, the Propane Training Institute (PTI) and Emergency Response Assistance Canada (ERAC), are committed to maintaining the accuracy, security, and confidentiality of your Personal Information (as defined below) in accordance with applicable legislation. All Personal Information collected by the CPA and its affiliates (collectively “CPA”) via CPA websites, or otherwise, is done so in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Usage of CPA websites, or materials on websites owned and operated by the CPA, are conditional upon you agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Use of the e-mail addresses or forms provided on the CPA websites are at the user’s own risk. The CPA is not responsible, or liable for any communication that may be lost, intercepted, or altered. The CPA is not liable for any damages related to communications to or from its websites.
What is Personal Information?
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means information about an identifiable individual. Personal Information does not include the name, title, business address, or telephone number of an employee, of an organization when used for business communications, or information publicly available in a telephone directory.
The CPA collects information from individuals or firms themselves. The CPA will not otherwise collect or monitor any Personal Information without consent. When information is submitted on CPA websites, the CPA asks for an email address and collects an Internet Protocol (IP) number, which indicates the server through which a computer is accessing the internet. The CPA collects this information in order to communicate with an individual or firm and verify any details provided.
What Information is Collected by the CPA?
In general, the CPA collects, uses, and discloses Personal Information about its members and service providers in order to serve the needs of the Association membership. The CPA does not collect any Personal Information about visitors to its websites other than that which is specifically and knowingly provided. That Personal Information will not be transferred to any third-party unless otherwise stated at the time of collection. Personal Information is only obtained online if you supply it voluntarily, usually through contacting the CPA via e-mail, filling out and submitting a form, or registering for services. You are not required to supply Personal Information to view the contents of CPA websites.
Specifically, websites owned by the CPA may collect three different types of information:
Personal Information – Certain forms and processes available on CPA websites are used to collect Personal Information, such as “Become a Member,” “Propane Services Directory Enrollment,” “Register for National Conference”, etc. Any Personal Information about customers, or website visitors, is stored securely and used only for the purpose for which it is provided.
Browsing Information – Information on usage of CPA websites may be collected and stored. This information may include the length of users’ visits, dates and times of visits, the pages looked at, etc. It doesn’t include any Personal Information about you. This data is used to help the CPA better design its websites.
Passive Information – Portions of CPA websites may use “cookie” technology to better tailor the websites to your needs. A cookie is a small file that resides in your temporary folder. It is CPA policy to use these cookies only for the duration of your Internet Explorer session. The information stored tends to be used for login procedures (if applicable) or to support Browsing Information.
Your Personal Information is stored at CPA offices, on CPA staff computers and on CPA servers, and is accessed by CPA staff who require access to such information in order to perform their duties.
When and How Does the CPA Obtain Your Consent?
Except when otherwise permitted, or required by law, the CPA obtains consent prior to collecting, using, or disclosing Personal Information. Consent may be provided to the CPA verbally or in writing. The CPA will obtain express consent as often as possible. Consent may also be implied based upon the circumstances such as in the case when “online” forms are filled out and submitted to the CPA.
By providing the CPA with Personal Information, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information as described in this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time, or as described at or before the time of collection, use, or disclosure, as the case may be.
How Does the CPA Use Your Personal Information?
Your Personal Information is used primarily as contact data through communication channels such as e-mail, phone, fax, and standard mail. It provides the CPA with the ability to contact you via different methods of communication. The CPA may, from time to time, contact an email address, or other address provided to the CPA, in order to obtain current information about your business, provide you with updated information about CPA websites, or provide you with other information about CPA products and services which may be of interest to you.
The information provided to the CPA – such as name, address, etc. – allows the CPA to inform individuals and firms about events and activities and to notify you of issues, events, or special offers which may be of interest. By becoming a member, enrolling in the Propane Services Directory, or by requesting information or registering for events or courses offered by the CPA, you are giving the CPA permission to contact you by way of the information you provide. All CPA members, and all listings in the Propane Services Directory, will be contacted a minimum of once per year to verify their membership and/or listing.
The CPA may use software to collect and maintain statistics relating to the number of visits to its websites, dates and pages visited, referring website addresses, types of browsers used, and domain name or Internet protocol address of the originator. We make no attempt to link any addresses with the identity of individuals visiting CPA websites. This information is kept strictly confidential and is used for internal purposes only.
Personal Information disclosed to the CPA for the purpose of a Propane Services Directory listing, will be used to create a database record and make the directory listing accessible on the CPA website. All listings agree for the CPA to contact them with information about products and services which may be of interest, and the continued use of the website indicates an agreement with any future changes in the CPA Privacy Policy.
To Whom does the CPA Provide Your Personal Information?
Personal Information may be shared with CPA agents or contractors in connection with services that they perform for the CPA. These agents or contractors may be involved in activities such as event and meeting organization. Written agreements with such agents and contractors provide that Personal Information can only be used for the purposes for which it was shared with the CPA, and that agents or contractors are required to handle the Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Where permitted or required by law, the CPA may collect, use, or disclose your Personal Information without your consent, for example, to comply with a legally-permitted inquiry by a government agency, or to comply with a court order.
The CPA does not resell Personal Information to third-party corporations.
How Does the CPA Protect Your Personal Information?
The CPA takes reasonable steps to secure the data in CPA records using methods that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. The CPA uses these methods to protect your Personal Information against theft, loss or unauthorized access, use, modification, disclosure, or disposal. The CPA recommends that you use security features built into your Internet Browser as well as maintaining the latest updates. Electronically submitted data is not guaranteed to be completely secure, and the CPA makes no warranties as to the security of any Personal Information submitted online, which is done at the user’s own risk.
How Can You Update or Remove Your Information?
It is important that the Personal Information held by the CPA about you is accurate and current. The CPA asks that you keep the CPA informed of changes to your Personal Information. Upon written request, the CPA will provide access to your Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions as provided by the applicable legislation. If there are any errors or omissions in your Personal Information, please advise the CPA in writing and the CPA will make the corrections within a reasonable timeframe, where appropriate.
In some circumstances you can withdraw your consent to the collection, use, or disclosure of your Personal Information. However, the withdrawal of your consent may impact the CPA’s ability to serve you and to maintain a relationship with you.
If you want to review, verify, correct, or withdraw your Personal Information, please contact the CPA using the contact information set out below or for specific changes to:
Membership Information – To update your membership profile, please contact the Membership Services department at 613-683-2270.
Third-Party Ad Networks
We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on our Site and on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about you.
Users in Canada may opt out of many third-party ad networks. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by active participants of the Canadian AdChoices program.  AdChoices represents a company’s promise that you can control your ad targeting experience with them. Through the AdChoices self-regulatory program, you can opt-out of interest-based advertising. AdChoices offers you multiple tools to opt out of interest-based advertising from companies registered with their organization.
The opt-out process does not opt you out of receiving all ads, only interest-based ads. You will continue to get ads after you opt out; they will just not have any special relevance to your interests.
Online Behavioral Advertising and How You Can Opt-Out
We may work with third-party advertising companies who may utilize cookies and web beacons, and data collected on our services, to customize advertisements to you on our services, as well as on other websites or mobile applications in their networks beyond our services. Among other things, these customized advertisements may advertise our products and services and third party products and services on websites or mobile applications not affiliated with us. Some of these ads are online behavioral advertising – which serve advertisements that are more likely to be of interest to you using non-personal behavioral information.  Such ads may contain cookies that allow monitoring of websites and mobile applications (including our own services) and your response to such advertisements.  Cookies or web beacons placed by these companies do not collect personal information, and the third-party advertising companies do not have access to or use your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or other personal information; they may however, anonymously track your usage across our services and other websites or mobile applications in their networks. We limit companies that place our ads from using information for any purpose other than to assist us in our advertising efforts.
For more information about these third-party advertising companies’ privacy policies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s website at http://www.networkadvertising.org. If you prefer to not receive targeted advertising, you can opt-out of network advertising programs that use your information. To do so, please visit: the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page.
Privacy and Other Websites
Certain links on the CPA websites lead to websites maintained by independent parties over whom the CPA has no control. The CPA makes no representation as to the accuracy, or any other aspect, of the information contained on such websites, and is not responsible for the conduct of companies linked to CPA websites. The existence of a link does not constitute approval or endorsement by the CPA of the linked website, which is provided as a convenience only.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
The CPA reserves the right to change its Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated version of the policy on CPA website. The amended Privacy Policy will apply whether or not the CPA has given specific notice of any change.
Contacting the CPA
If you have concerns regarding the CPA’s Privacy Policy or the security of your Personal Information, please send your concern to:
Canadian Propane Association
406-410 Laurier Avenue West
Ottawa, ON K1R 1B7
Phone: 613.683.2270
Email: info@propane.ca