https://rarefruit-sa.org.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Rare Fruit Society of South Australia Incorporated Privacy Policy In the context of this document, “we”, “us”, “our”, “Society” or “Rare Fruit Society” means Rare Fruit Society of South Australia Incorporated. “You”, “your”, “users” or “members” means persons utilising any services provided by the Society. The Rare Fruit Society of South Australia Inc. is committed to managing your Personal Information in a responsible manner, and this policy outlines our ongoing obligations to you in respect of how we manage your Personal Information. We have adopted the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the Privacy Act). The APPs govern the way in which we collect, use, disclose, store, secure and dispose of your Personal Information. A copy of the Australian Privacy Principles may be obtained from the website of The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner Here. What is Personal Information and why do we collect it?Personal Information is information or an opinion that identifies an individual. The Personal Information we collect includes: names, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, date of joining the Society and membership status (financial or unfinancial). It is collected to facilitate the effective management of the society. When we collect Personal Information we will, where appropriate and where possible, explain to you why we are collecting the information and how we plan to use it. This Personal Information is obtained in several ways including –Information supplied by you directly on your Membership application form or visitors log formInformation supplied by you through the contact forms on our websiteInformation supplied by you through direct debit bank transfers. We collect your Personal Information only for the purposes of –(1) In the case of members, to give you access to the members area of our website, mail newsletters when required, and advise you of other information that may come up from time to time. You may unsubscribe from our email / mailing lists at any time by contacting us in writing. (2) In the case of visitors to our meetings, visitors names are recorded in the visitors log for safety / insurance purposes. (3) In the case of public enquiries through the website, to reply to any questions / issues relevant to your enquiry. We may, if necessary, forward your contact details to one of our experts for answers. CookiesIf you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed. If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day. MediaIf you upload / provide images to the website, you should avoid uploading / providing images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. This is because visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website. We will only credit images with your name if you expressly request us to do so. Sensitive InformationSensitive information is defined in the Privacy Act to include information or opinion about such things as an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a trade union or other professional body, criminal record or health information. We do not collect any such information. Website LinksOn our website we provide links to third party websites which we believe may provide information of interest to users of our website. Providing these links in no way implies that we endorse these websites. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. We do not guarantee website links to third party websites. Third PartiesWe will collect your Personal Information only from you. Your Personal Information may be disclosed in a number of circumstances including the following: (1) To Neutrog Australia Ltd. where you consent to the use or disclosure. (2) Emails: To send out bulk emails to our members, we utilise the MailChimp emailing platform. This involves uploading your name and email address to the MailChimp server. You can access the MailChimp Privacy Policy at https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/. (3) Where required or authorised by law. We do not guarantee the privacy policy of authorised third parties. Security of Personal InformationYour Personal Information is stored in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse and loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. When your Personal Information is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was obtained, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify your Personal Information. Access to your Personal InformationYou may access the Personal Information we hold about you and to update and/or correct it. If you wish to access your Personal Information, please contact us in writing. The Rare Fruit Society of South Australia will not charge any fee for your access request.In order to protect your Personal Information we may require identification from you before releasing the requested information. Maintaining the Quality of your Personal InformationIt is important to us that your Personal Information is up to date. We will take reasonable steps to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. If you find that the information we have is not up to date or is inaccurate, please advise us as soon as practicable so we can update our records and ensure you receive maximum benefit from your membership of the society. Governing LawUse of this website shall be governed by all applicable laws of Australia and the State of South Australia. Policy UpdatesThis Policy may change from time to time and is available on our website. Privacy Policy Complaints and EnquiriesIf you have any queries or complaints about our Privacy Policy please contact us at: P.O. Box 659NAIRNE South Australia 5252.Ph. 08 8388 6583 Email rarefruit@rarefruit-sa.org.au.
Next Meeting
Rare Fruit Society meetings - With continuing restrictions due to the Coronavirus there have been some changes to our meeting formats. At this stage our… Meeting Location