https://sd.gov/privacy.aspx
http://sd.gov/amberalert/viewposter.aspx
http://sd.gov/amberalert/viewposterema.aspx
http://sd.gov/bluealert/viewposter.aspx
Welcome To The Official South Dakota State Government Website
Government
Business
Employment
Travel
Online Services
Government
Congressional Delegation
Education Resources
Elected Officials
Governor
Judicial
Legislature
OpenSD
South Dakota Elections
State Agencies
Business
Start a Business
Grow a Business
Operate a Business
Close a Business
Economic Development
File Sales Tax
Financing
General Business Info
Employment
Search for a job
Post a job
Find an Internship
State Government Jobs
Local Office Information
Travel
Attractions
Fishing
Hunting
Information Centers
Mount Rushmore
Request Information
Road Conditions
Road Construction
State Parks
Trip Planner
Weather
Online Services
New SD Resident
Online Forms
Resident Links
Vital Records
Phone Book
Events Calendar
Purchase Flags
Education
Area Schools
K-12 Education
Colleges/Universities
Adult Education
Special Education
Home Schooling
Board of Regents
Education Funding
South Dakota Online Privacy Policy
The privacy, confidence, and trust of individuals who visit State of South Dakota websites are important to us. No personal information is collected unless provided voluntarily by an individual while participating in an online activity that requests the information.
The State only collects the personal information necessary to provide the information or services requested by an individual. "Personal information" refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual who is the subject of the information. This is the same information that an individual might provide when visiting a government office and includes such items as an individual's name, address, or phone number. We also collect information to help us understand how people are using state government websites so we can continually improve our services. The information collected is not associated with any specific individual and no attempt is made to profile individuals who browse state government websites.
The State uses the collected information to respond appropriately to requests. E-mail or other informational requests sent to the State website may be maintained or forwarded to the appropriate agency in order to respond to the request. Survey information is used for the intended purpose of the survey. Informational records needed to support State functions are retained, managed, and accessible in record-keeping or filing systems in accordance with the State's Public Records Commission. Records transmitted to this site will be identified, managed, protected, and retained as long as they are needed to meet historical, administrative, fiscal, or legal requirements.
Any State-operated webpage or application is entitled to the use cookies; which are short and simple text files stored on a user's computer. Cookies keep track of and store information so the user does not have to supply the information multiple times. The information that is collected through cookies is handled in the same manner as other information collected through State-operated websites.
The State of South Dakota is committed to the security of the information that is either available from or collected by state agency websites. The State continues to safeguard the integrity of its information, technology and computing infrastructure, including but not limited to: authentication, monitoring, auditing and encryption.
Open Government
Latest
Headlines, Road Conditions, and more
Social Media
Facebook, Flickr
Twitter, YouTube and more
GovernorKristi Noem
Click here to learn more about
Gov. Noem and her team
Close this content
Open Government
Open SD
Online Forms
Boards & Commissions
Events Calendar
Phone Book
Contact Us
Governor's Office
State Webmaster
Elected Officials
Governor
Lt Governor
Attorney General
Secretary of State
Auditor
Treasurer
School and Public Lands
PUC Commissioners
Other Information
Boards and Commissions
Open Government Task Force
South Dakota Codified Laws
Administrative Rules
BFM Dashboard Measurements
The Official Website of the State of South Dakota | Copyright © 2014 State of South Dakota-All Rights Reserved |
Accessibility Policy | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy
Latest
Headlines
State News
Road Conditions
Amber Alert
Endangered Missing Advisory
Blue Alert
Spotlight Items
Connect SD - Broadband Initiative
Don't Move Firewood Pledge
Dakota Roots
Enhancing Habitat
Traveler Information
Road and Weather Conditions
Road Construction
Rest Areas/Ports of Entry Map
www.TravelSouthDakota.com
The Official Website of the State of South Dakota | Copyright © 2014 State of South Dakota-All Rights Reserved |
Accessibility Policy | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy
Social Media
Facebook Pages
Instagram Pages
Twitter Accounts
YouTube Channels
Flickr Albums
RSS Feed
LinkedIn
Blogs
The Official Website of the State of South Dakota | Copyright © 2014 State of South Dakota-All Rights Reserved |
Accessibility Policy | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy
Home  |  Phone Book  |  Governor