https://simplybudgets.com.au/privacy-policy/
Simply Budgets has a firm commitment to respecting and protecting people’s privacy.  The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website; www.simplybudgets.com.au (Simply Budgets) and is relevant to three specific groups.
Visitors to our site
Subscribers to our e-mail communications
Customers
Any information about anyone from the above groups provided to Simply Budgets will be treated with the utmost of respect for privacy. People’s personal information will not be sold, rented, given away or shared with anyone not involved in delivering any information, education, goods or services as part of the everyday running of the Simply Budgets business.
1. Our site’s registration forms require users to submit contact information (like their name and email address) and in very limited cases, demographic information (like post code, age, or income level). This information is used to contact people when appropriate.  Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
2. This site may contain links to other sites.  Simply Budgets is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
3. Our online surveys may ask visitors for contact information (like their email address) and demographic information (like their post code, age, or income level).  We may use data from our surveys to send the user information about our company. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.  Any demographic or profile data collected at our site from surveys is used primarily for gathering statistics and insights into what support the people who visit this site might need and is certainly not used for mass mail-out marketing.
4. Choice/Opt-Out: All of the communications sent from Simply Budgets to people on our subscriber list provide the opportunity to change their details, opt-out of receiving communications from us or removing their information from our database completely. There is an ‘Unsubscribe’ and a ‘Change’ link at the bottom of each communication.
You can also send an e-mail to mail@simplybudgets.com to request any changes required.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us by emailing
admin@simplybudgets.com
Download FREE eBook!
The 7 Powerful Secrets to Unlock the Hidden Wealth in Your Life. My FREE ebook is full of money saving hints, budgeting tips and great money management strategies. Click the button below to join the email newsletter for monthly financial management tips, member only resources and get my FREE eBook!
Blog TopicsBlog Topics
Select Category
Blog  (148)
business tax  (1)
Debt  (46)
Earn More Income  (4)
Events  (25)
FaceBook Posts  (36)
Financial Success  (123)
Free Budget Worksheets  (5)
Holidays  (6)
Home Budgeting  (121)
Kids Budgeting  (7)
Personal Budgeting  (123)
Personal Finance  (145)
Saving Money  (73)
Start a Business  (2)
Uncategorized  (14)
Type and Press “enter” to Search