https://solutionsforyou.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicySolutionsForYou, Inc. values your privacy, and recognizes our commitment to protect any personal information you choose to share with us on solutionsforyou.com, as well as any software applications and information services related to this Website. SolutionsForYou, Inc. has outlined our policies below to ensure your understanding of the information we collect, how it is used, and how it is protected.Notice: SolutionsForYou, Inc. gathers only the information that is essential to providing good service to our customers, partners and Website visitors. We do not sell, lease or license confidential information to third parties except for those third parties who are directly related to the delivery and service of our products and services.We use your Internet protocol address to help diagnose problems and performance with our Web-based delivery service and to administer our Website. This site also collects the referring URL for tracking Web traffic referred from other sites.Personal Information: SolutionsForYou, Inc. does not associate personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, or e-mail address, with non-personally identifiable information, such as Internet protocol addresses, to create personal user profiles. Although SolutionsForYou, Inc. does receive your email address along with your site registration or form submittal, no other personal information is collected unless you choose to provide additional information as described below. We will never send you unsolicited emails.On occasion we will collect personal contact information through our Website to allow people to register for use of special areas of the Website or to register for downloadable materials, receive newsletters, or other services. The purpose of collecting the information is to enable SolutionsForYou, Inc. to deliver the requested services and to contact the individual about the requested service, if necessary.Collected personal contact information will be kept in an active SolutionsForYou, Inc. database until the conclusion of the seminar or service and will be used for future communications from SolutionsForYou, Inc. only with explicit permission from the individual. It will not be sold, leased or combined with other data to create personal user profiles.Email Links: We use email links to allow site users to contact SolutionsForYou, Inc. directly with questions or comments. We do not sell, lease or license this information to third parties. Collected personal or business information is used to respond directly to your questions or comments. SolutionsForYou, Inc. may file your comments for the purposes of evaluating how SolutionsForYou, Inc. can improve our site or services, or SolutionsForYou, Inc. may review and discard the information.Outbound Links: This site contains links to other sites. We make an effort to encourage our partner sites to comply with the current best practices for the electronic collection of personal and confidential information. However, neither SolutionsForYou, Inc. nor solutionsforyou.com is responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other sites or their associated companies and partners. SolutionsForYou, Inc. recommends that you review the privacy policy on other sites to ensure that you understand how they address issues related to the use of your personal information.Cookies: We use cookies to recognize you when you register with us, so that you don't have to keep signing in to leave feedback as a registered user. It is not necessary to accept cookies to use the Web Site. If you disable cookies, you'll need to sign in each time you want to leave feedback as a registered user. We also use cookies to help determine how users of our software were originally referred to us. We do not let other companies place cookies on your computer when you access resources on our Web Site.Choice / Access: We require user consent before collecting or using any personal information. Users may always decline to receive communications from us or they may decline offers of access to special resources or Website sections. Users may choose to no longer receive communications from SolutionsForYou, Inc. by sending an e-mail to SolutionsForYou, Inc. or in some cases by using an opt out option in electronic communications from solutionsforyou.com.Effective Date: September 16, 2006 (v1) Last Revised: March 20, 2011 (v3)This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read More Accept Decline Cookie SettingsI consent to the use of following cookies:
Necessary
Marketing
Analytics
Preferences
Unclassified Cookie Declaration About Cookies Necessary (0) Marketing (0) Analytics (4) Preferences (0) Unclassified (0) Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. We do not use cookies of this type. Analytics cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.NameDomainPurposeExpiryType_gasolutionsforyou.comThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors.2 yearsHTTP_gidsolutionsforyou.comThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the wbsite is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages viisted in an anonymous form.1 dayHTTP_gatsolutionsforyou.comThis cookies is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the collection of data on high traffic sites.1 minuteHTTPsc_is_visitor_uniquesolutionsforyou.comThis cookie is used to store a random ID to avoid counting a visitor more than once.2 yearsHTTP Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. We do not use cookies of this type. Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type. Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.