https://stayathomedads.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Stay at Home Dads
Working from home
Menu
Stay at Home Dads
Freelance Creative Work
Freelance Designer
Running Pay Per Click Campaigns
Freelance Editorial Work
Browse: Home
/   Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Stay at Home Dads ("Stay at Home Dads")
operates stayathomedads.co.uk and may operate other websites. It
is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Stay at Home Dads collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. our purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how our visitors use its website. From time to
time, Stay at Home Dads may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Stay at Home Dads also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on stayathomedads.co.uk
blogs/sites. Stay at Home Dads only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to our websites choose to interact
with Stay at Home Dads in ways that require Stay at Home Dads to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Stay at Home Dads gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at stayathomedads.co.uk to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Stay at Home Dads are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Stay at Home Dads collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Stay at Home Dads. Stay at Home Dads does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Stay at Home Dads may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Stay at Home Dads may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Stay at Home Dads does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Stay at Home Dads discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on our behalf or to provide services available
at our websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using our websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Stay at Home Dads will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Stay at Home Dads discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Stay at Home Dads believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Stay at Home Dads, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Stay at Home Dads website and have supplied your email address, Stay at Home Dads
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Stay at Home Dads and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Stay at Home Dads takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Stay at Home Dads uses cookies to
help Stay at Home Dads identify and track visitors, their usage of Stay at Home Dads
website, and their website access preferences. Stay at Home Dads visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using our websites, with the drawback that certain features
of our websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Stay at Home Dads, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Stay at Home Dads goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Stay at Home Dads may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Stay at Home Dads and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Stay at Home Dads may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in our sole
discretion. Stay at Home Dads encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a stayathomedads.co.uk account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Copyright © 2020
Powered by Oxygen Theme.
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok