http://store.pgg.org.uk/privacy.php
My basket
Checkout
Shop home
Back to PGG website
All products
PGG Clothing and Products
Subscriptions & Renewals
Visits and Meetings
Conferences and Seminars
Study Tours
PGG Privacy Policy
This policy has been drafted in line with the new General Data Protection Act which comes into force on May 25th 2018.
The privacy and security of your personal data is extremely important to us.
This privacy policy explains how and why we use your personal data to make sure you stay informed and can be confident about giving us your information.
The data The Professional Gardeners’ Guild holds is the information necessary to administer your membership.
It is necessary for the Guild to hold and process this personal data to comply with its obligations to our members under the Guild’s constitution.
Data Protection Principles
We will comply with data protection law.
This states that the personal information we hold about you must be:
Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way
Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purpose
Accurate and kept up to date
Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about
Kept securely.
What personal data do we collect and how is it collected?
Your personal data means any information which identifies you, or which can be identified as relating to you personally. We only collect the personal data we need.
This includes the information you give us when interacting with us, for example, on joining the PGG or renewing your membership, updating your personal details, placing an order or booking visits, study tours and masterclasses.
The information includes name, address, phone numbers and email address, membership category and record of subscription payment. It may include age range, gender, place of work and position at work.
How we will use information about you.
We use the personal data you provide us as a member to administer your membership. For example, sending renewal information and membership cards annually, sending the quarterly Newsletters and Journals, sending information on visits, talks and activities which may be of horticultural interest to members, and the production of the Members’ Directory.
Data Sharing
Personal data collected and processed by us may be shared with the following groups when necessary:
Publishers, Printer and Database manager.
At no time will we sell or pass your details to third parties without obtaining your consent, save that your name and address will be passed to our carriers for goods delivery purposes.
How we Secure your Data
Data security is imperative to us to ensure that we are keeping our members safe.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to protect the security of your information and to prevent it from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
All our third party service providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies.
By utilising strong encryption when our information is stored or in transit, we minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure.
Data Retention
We will only use and store your information for as long as it is required for the purposes for which it was collected.
Information on archived/lapsed members will only be held for one year from the time of renewal, unless otherwise instructed, and then destroyed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
Rights of Access, Correction, Erasure and Restriction
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. It is your responsibility to keep us informed if your personal information changes.
Your rights in connection with personal information
Request Access to your personal information. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Request Correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request Erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing.
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.
Right to withdraw consent
Where we are using your personal data on the basis of consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose/purposes to which you originally agreed.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time to ensure it remains up to date and reflects how and why we use your personal data and new legal requirements. We will provide you with a new privacy notice when we make any substantial updates.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact the PGG Chairman.
Use of PGG Logo
Please note that the PGG logo must not be used in any form without prior written consent from the PGG Committee.
Whilst the PGG has rigorous membership guidelines to ensure a high standard of professional and qualified members it does not endorse or recommend any of its individual members with regard to their work.
More information
Terms and conditions
Shipment and returns
Privacy policy
Questions? Contact us
If you have any questions or problems using the PGG online store please don't hesitate to contact us and we will deal with any issues as soon as possible
Email: chairman@pgg.org.uk
©
PGG | Website: Catalyst Design Partnership | Site Map