https://texashighways.com/privacy-policy/
Shop
Subscribe
Newsletter
Privacy Policy
What is “Personal Information”?
Information that can be associated with a particular consumer or device.
Personal Information we collect
As part of our data collection to service print subscriptions, email newsletters, Mercantile purchases or other information requests, you may provide us with any of the following examples of Personal Information:
Contact information such as name, email address, postal address and telephone number(s);
Preferences for communications;
Additional information as described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent, such as if you choose to submit a photo or story via a web form.
Personal Information we may automatically collect
Our web server analyzes traffic to the Site. The information we collect is used to measure traffic within our Site, improve the content of our Site and for internal review. This includes:
IP address, which is the number associated with the service through which you access the Internet, such as through your ISP (Internet service provider);
Date and time of your visit or use of our Websites or services;
Domain server from which you are using our Websites or services;
A general estimate, inferred from IP address and domain server, of the city from which you are visiting our Site, aggregated with all other users
Type of computer, web browsers, search engine used, operating system, or platform you use;
Your movement and activity within the Website, which is aggregated with other Personal Information
How we use Personal Information
To provide you with the Website(s), services and magazine as well as related promotions, newsletters and information you request
To respond to your inquiries and provide you with requested information and other communications, including email, alerts, notification of promotions, contests, and events
We may occasionally make our subscriber’s personal information (such as email or mailing address) available to other companies and organizations if we believe the services or information offered will be of interest or benefit to our subscribers. You may opt-out of receiving these promotional items by contacting us here.  For more information please see the below section, “How to opt-out.”
To maintain, improve, customize, or administer the Website and magazine, improve the quality of our business, the Website, magazine and other services, resolve technical problems, improve security or develop other products and services
To perform analytics for business purposes and business intelligence, such as monitoring traffic to our Website and counting ad impressions
To maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website and other services, databases and other technology assets and our business, including preventing fraud, detecting security breaches and prosecuting violators
To identify and repair errors in our Websites’ functionality
For any other purposes, which will be disclosed to you at the time we collect additional personal information and/or pursuant to your consent
How to opt-out
If you prefer not to receive offers from other companies and organizations that we believe would be of benefit to you and would like us not to share your personal information as obtained through our subscriber database, you may email us here or write to:
Texas Highways
Marketing Mailing Lists
P.O. Box 141009
Austin, TX 78714-1009
You may opt-out of having your activity on our Site made available to Google Analytics (explained more in “Do we use cookies?”) by installing the Google Analytics opt-out add-on for your web browser by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Privacy of Children
Children (persons under the age of 18) are not eligible to use our Site without the supervision of their parents. If you are under the age of 18 please do not submit any personal information to us or use any function of our Site without parental consent. This Site is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 13. If we discover that we have collected any personal information regarding a child 13 or under we will delete the information as soon as possible.
Do we use cookies?
We use cookies as part of the Google Analytics suite, explained above under “Personal Information we may automatically collect.” This allows us to enhance the performance of our Website, provide more relevant information to you and help us better understand the behaviors of users who use our Site.
We do not use tailored advertisements or targeted advertisements.
Payment information
All online purchase transactions are secure. Texas Highways Magazine does not hold or process payment information as part of the sale of magazine subscriptions or Mercantile products. This process is done on our behalf through Strategic Fulfillment Group.
Payment information for magazine subscriptions and Mercantile purchases is processed and maintained by Strategic Fulfillment Group. This company is PCI Compliant at the highest level as a Level 1 Service Provider. Strategic Fulfillment Group has access to your Personal Information only to the extent of performing their services such as credit card processing, order fulfillment, managing data, and customer service.
Third-party sites
The Texas Highways magazine Site includes links to other sites whose privacy policies we do not control. Once you leave our server, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the site you are visiting.
How secure is your information?
Information collected about your use of our Sites, including how you navigate the Site and information like browser, approximate location and device, are secured using Google Analytics’ authentication tools and are never made available to the public. This aggregated information is used only for internal review of our Site and to improve the performance of our products.
Personal Information such as email address or name, collected as part of newsletter signups or contest entries, is accessed only on secure computers and file storage in compliance with the Texas Department of Transportation Information Technology policy. We use Campaign Monitor and Granicus GovDelivery to manage our email marketing, including email address storage, and their privacy policies are available for review here: Campaign Monitor, GovDelivery.
All pages on TexasHighways.com, including those that collect information from users, are secured using HTTPS to encrypt customer information as it travels from your computer to our servers.
Access to your information
The Texas Department of Transportation maintains the information collected through order forms. With few exceptions, you are entitled, on request, to be informed about the information that we collect about you. Under Sections 552.021 and 552.023 of the Texas Government Code, you also are entitled to receive and review the information. Under Section 559.004 of the Government Code, you are also entitled to have us correct information about you that is incorrect.
Get the Magazine
Save up to 62% off the cover price
Subscribe
True Texas in Your Inbox
Sign up for magazine extras, upcoming events, Mercantile specials, subscription offers, and more.
Enter your email Sign me up
Get the MagazineSave up to 62% off the cover price
Subscribe
True Texas in Your Inbox
Sign up for magazine extras, upcoming events, Mercantile specials, subscription offers, and more.
Enter your email Sign me up
Get the Magazine
Save up to 62% off the cover price
Subscribe
True Texas in Your Inbox
Sign up for magazine extras, upcoming events, Mercantile specials, subscription offers, and more.
Enter your email Sign me up
Sections
Latest
Destinations
Hiking + Biking
On the Water
Camping
Getaways
Parks
Art + Music
Dining
Wineries
Breweries + Distilleries
Recipes
People
Culture
History
Shop
Events
Editors' Picks
Antiques & Farmers Markets
Arts & Culture
Sports & Outdoors
Family
Fairs & Festivals
Food & Drink
History & Heritage
Holidays & Seasonal
Music
Ranches & Rodeos
Planes, Trains & Autos
Events by Region
Submit Your Event
The Magazine
Current Issue
Subscribe
Manage Subscription
FAQ
Freelancing Guide
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise
Advertiser Information
Travel Resources
Traffic & Road Conditions
Free Texas Travel Guide & Map
Events Calendar
Published monthly by the Texas Department of Transportation, Texas Highways, the official travel magazine of Texas, encourages travel to and within the Lone Star State and tells the Texas story to readers around the world.
Connect with Texas Highways
Follow
Follow
Follow
Follow
Follow
© 2008–2020. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy