https://theapna.org/privacy-policy/
About
A Message From the President
Board of Directors
Bylaws
For Agencies
Why Choose APNA?
Mastermind Groups
For Employers
For Nannies
Find An Agency
Find An Industry Service
Become a Sponsor Member
Membership
Standards of Practice
APNA Standards Defined
Required Background Checks
Become an APNA Member
Member Compliance / Ethics Issues
Member Login
Annual Conference
APNA Honors
Judith Langer Merlin Scholarship for APNA Education
Judi Merlin Scholarship Donations
Webinars
Resources
Articles
News
For Press
APNA Toolkit
Mastermind Groups
Contact
Board of Directors
For Press
Privacy Policy Your privacy is important to us. We want you to feel comfortable when you access our Web site. When you visit this site, you can do so anonymously without revealing your identity or any personal information to us.
We also believe that understanding what our customers want to see and do when visiting our site is an important part of building an interesting and useful online environment. Therefore, we track, on an aggregate basis, such information as the time and length of visits, the pages viewed or downloaded, and the name of your Internet service provider. We do not collect any personal information about you unless you provide it to us.
INFORMATION GATHERED
When you purchase products, or send an e-mail message to us, you voluntarily give us personal information such as your name, address, e-mail address and credit card information. If you choose to share this information with us, it is stored here so that we can respond to you and fulfill your requests for information. The information gathered by us when you contact us may be used for internal marketing purposes. However, none of this information is ever sold to marketers, periodical publishers or any other outsiders.
COOKIES
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personal identifying information. They do, however, help identify the pages you’ve viewed on the APNA Website and the amount of time you’ve spent on each page. This information helps us identify the areas of our site that are most important to our customers which, in turn, helps ensure you will have a pleasant visit when you come to our site.
SUMMARY
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we gather from this site to enhance your overall experience, and we will not sell your personal information to anyone. If we can answer any questions or concerns you may have about our privacy policy, please contact us, and we’ll be happy to help in any way we can