https://tongfamily.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Tong Family
Rich Tong's Tips, Tricks and Traps
Toggle navigation
Home
COVID-19 Tracker
Search for:
Privacy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://tongfamily.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We do use analytics to understand usage on this site.
Who we share your data with
We do not share your personal data.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
If you have questions, please contact info@tongfamily.com
Additional information
How we protect your data
We use SSL encryption and use encryption on our databases.
What data breach procedures we have in place
We monitor public information on our hosting software and update as soon as practial.
What third parties we receive data from
We do not use third party informatoin.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
We do not have automated profiling used with our user data.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
There are no regulatory disclosures required.
Share this:TwitterFacebookLinkedInWhatsAppMorePrintRedditTumblrPinterestPocketTelegramSkypeEmailLike this:Like Loading...
Search for:
Top Posts & Pages
Resetting a Bluetooth keyboard Updated
Tears of the Sun: "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing
Configuring a Logitech BRIO on a Mac with Camera Settings
Goodreads
Recent CommentsBaldwin Wang on Chinese and Vietnamese Restaurants in Seattle August 2019 Updaterich on DJI Osmo Mobile 2 Simple WorkflowMarkWong on DJI Osmo Mobile 2 Simple WorkflowSubscribe to Blog via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 1,187 other subscribers
Email Address
Subscribe
Follow me on TwitterMy TweetsRSS - PostsRSS - Comments
Blog Stats44,667 hits
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Pages
Privacy
Site Rules
© All Right Reserved
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: Shree by Canyon Themes.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
%d bloggers like this: