http://usscouts.org/privacypolicy.asp
Advancement
Ask Andy
Awards
Baloo's Bugle
Camps
Chaplains
Clipart
Cubmasters
E-mail Lists
Forums
Jamborees
International
MacScouter
Merit Badges
NetCommissoner
Scouts-L
Scoutmasters
USscouts.org
USSSP Blog
Venturing
Custom Search
USSSP/usscouts.org Home
USSSP/MacScouter.com Home
Boy Scouting Program
Advancement Home
Awards
Boy
Scouts
Campfires
Camping
Camporees
Camps
Camps Database
Cooking
Eagle Scouts
Fire by Friction
Games
Merit Badges
Scoutcraft
Service Project Ideas
Skits
Songs
Stories
Cub Scouting Program
Activity Guide
Advancement Home
Awards
Awards, Badges & Cub Scout Recognition
Baloo's Bugle - Cub Scout Roundtable
Ceremonies
Cheers
Cub Scouting Program - Links
Cub Scouts
Games
Jungle Book
Pack Administration & Finance
Pack Meetings
Pinewood Derby
PowWow Online
Skits
Songs
Stories
Venturing Program
Advancement Home
Awards
Venturing
Sea Scouting Program
Sea Scouting
Other Scouting
Topics
About BSA
Advancement Home
Awards
Commissioners
Ethics and Values
GSUSA
Fact or Fiction
Health & Safety
Guide to Safe Scouting
Lightening Safety
Safety
Suicide Awareness
High Adventure
History
Honor Organizations
Scout and Guide Museums
Scouts in Fiction
Leadership
Leave No Trace
National Jamborees
Online Uniform Ordering Myth
Professor Beaver
Relief of Mafeking Campout
Reverent
Service to America Program
Scouts on Tour
Scout Pictures
Scout Prayers
Scouting Counts!
Themes
World Scouting
Scouting Around The World - Best Places for Information
Awards & Recognitions
BSA International Committees
Baden-Powell History
International Spirit Award
International Youth Exchange (Discontinued)
International Activity Patch (Discontinued)
Oaths and Promises from Around the World
Adult Leaders
Awards
Ask Andy
Boy Scout
Roundtable
Commissioners
Commissioners
Commissioners: Scouting in Rural Areas
Finances
Fun Awards
Leadership - 11 Skills of Leadership
Membership
Join Scouting?
Join Scouting Night
Pack Administration & Finance
Parent Involvement
Scoutmaster
Minutes
Training
Training
Training Quotations
Wood Badge
Weather Rock
Digital Library
Animations and
Freebies
Building A Scouting Website
Cartoons - Knots or Not
Cartoons - Scout Law
Checkers
Game
Clipart
Clipart 2 BP Sketches
Clipart 2 Cubbies
Document Library
Fonts
Fish and Wildlife Service Clipart
Icons for Scouting Computers
Internet
Palm Pilot & PDA Software
Scout Law Screensaver
Software
Website Counter Digits
Answers & Info
Activity Database
Discuss-It
Document Library
E-mail
Discussion Lists at USSSP
Search
USSCOUTS.ORG
Scout Camp Database
ScoutSite Search
Scouter's Reference Room
U.S.
Flag
USSSP
Add Your Scouting Site
Contributors
Disclaimers
Humor
- You Might Be A Scouter If . . .
Internet Scout Patch
New Unit Organizers and Lifesavers Award
Our
Story 1998
Our
Story 2007
Press Release 1998
Press Release 2007
Privacy Policy
Read
Our News Blog
ScoutNews
Suggestion
Forms
Team
at USSSP
Trading Post
More USSSP Websites
usscouts.org
clipart.usscouts.org
discuss.usscouts.org
lists.usscouts.org
cubmaster.org
jambo.org
macscouter.com
netcommissioner.com
scoutjambo.com
scoutjambo.net
scoutjambo.org
scoutjambo.us
scoutleader.org
scoutmaster.org
scoutcamp.org
serviceproject.org
usssp.com
usssp.info
usssp.net
usssp.org
usssp.us
worldscouting.com
worldscouting.net
worldscouting.org
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for the following U.S. Scouting Service Project websites:
http://usscouts.org
http://clipart.usscouts.org
http://discuss.usscouts.org
http://lists.usscouts.org
http://cubmaster.org
http://jambo.org
http://jambo2001.org
http://jambo2010.org
http://jambo2010.net
http://macscouter.com
http://netcommish.com
http://netcommissioner.com
http://professorbeaver.com
http://scoutjambo.com
http://scoutjambo.net
http://scoutjambo.org
http://scoutjambo.us
http://scoutleader.org
http://scoutleaderawards.com
http://scoutleaderknots.com
http://scoutmaster.org
http://scoutcamp.org
http://serviceproject.org
http://usssp.com
http://usssp.info
http://usssp.net
http://usssp.org
http://usssp.us
http://worldscouting.com
http://worldscouting.net
http://worldscouting.org
Because U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, the U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. is making this disclosure of its information practices.
This disclosure will tell you:
What personally identifiable information is collected from visitors at U.S. Scouting Service Project websites.
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you feel that U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should first contact the U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. Webmaster
by email webmaster@usscouts.org.
If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact the U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. President,
Gary Hendra, gary@macscouter.com.
Mr. Tracewell will serve as a liaison with all U.S. Scouting Service Project websites to resolve your concerns.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
General
the U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
The U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. collects information from its visitors at several different points on its websites.
Choice/Opt-out
Participants in any U.S. Scouting Service Project discussion list who no longer
wish to participate may opt-out by unsubscribing via a web page interface at
http://lists.usscouts.org or by sending an e-mail to Webmaster@usscouts.org.
Cookies
The U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. does use persistent cookies at its sites.
Our cookie is a token that resides on your computer containing data that is used to identify you.
Typically one of our cookies will contain data that looks like this in Internet Explorer:
EGSOFT_ID
xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx-2914414336.29373759
usscouts.org/
0
2865430528
30124157
3446792448
29373762
*
Or this in Netscape:
usscouts.org	FALSE	/	FALSE	1293753643	EGSOFT_ID	xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx-1099098288.29369722
The xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx represents your IP address.
This token is used by our web metrics software to allow us to know which of web pages are being visited and how frequently.
We use FunnelWeb software to plot generalized information that we use in planning and website development.
The cookies never include personal information such as name, mailing address and phone number. We do not collect such information and visitors that we track can not provide us with personal information through normal movement across a web site. As we do not build a database of individual visitors, the data that we do collect is never stored in any individual user profile; the data collected serves only to update aggregate counts to monitor traffic and provide statistical information on how our site is used.
You can view the information that we collect at USSSP Webstats.
We also have thousands of links to external Scouting-related websites, some of which use cookies.
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a USSSP-L visitor's personally identifiable information changes, or if a
member no longer desires our service, we will correct, update or remove that
visitor's personal data. Requests may be submitted by e-mail to Webmaster@usscouts.org.
Discuss-It! Online Forums
The U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. does provide an online forum for discussing Scouting issues free of charge.
Registration is required for posting comments.  Registration is not
required to view content.  This forum is subject to an additional conditions of use and privacy policy notice.
All contributions to the forum are displayed on the usscouts.org website.
This forum is reviewed periodically by USSSP board members for appropriate content.
Youth visitors should not participate in these areas without express permission of a parent or guardian.
Greeting Cards
The U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. did provide a Greeting Card service.
This has been discontinued effective 1 April 2005.
Links
This website contains thousands of links to other sites. When we link to another site, we try to assure that the other site is displayed outside of any frames that we may use on any of our pages.
After clicking on a link you should look at the address/location box on your browser to determine which site you are visiting.
If the address has changed from a USSSP address to a different address, the content and practices of that site are beyond our control.
Please be aware that U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by USSSP websites.
Log Files
We do log all accesses to our websites for administrative, statistical, and security purposes.
Below is an example of the information collected based on a standard request for
a World Wide Web document:
xxx.yyy.com - - [28/Jan/1997:00:00:01 -0500]
"GET /sitename/news/nr012797.html HTTP/1.0" 200 16704
Mozilla 3.0/www.altavista.digital.com
xxx.yyy.com (or 123.123.23.12) -- this is the host name (or IP address) associated
with the requester (you as
the visitor).
In this case, (....com) the requester is coming from a
commercial address. Depending on the requestor's method of network
connection, the host name (or IP address) may or may not identify a specific computer.
Connections via many Internet Service Providers assign different IP
addresses for each session, so the host name identifies only the ISP.
The
host name (or IP address) will identify a specific computer if that computer has a
fixed IP address.
[28/Jan/1997:00:00:01 -0500] -- this is the date and time of the request
"GET /sitename/news/nr012797.html HTTP/1.0" -- this is the location of the
requested file
200 -- this is the status code - 200 is OK - the request was filled
16704 -- this is the size of the requested file in bytes
Mozilla 3.0 -- this identifies the type of browser software used to access the page,
which indicates what design parameters to use in constructing the pages
www.altavista.digital.com -- this indicates the last site the person visited, which indicates
how people find this site
Requests for other types of documents use similar information.
No other user-identifying
information is collected.
Advertising
Some of our subsites use advertising in association with Amazon.com and Google AdSense.
Users are advised to consult with privacy policies on the Amazon and Google sites to become aware of advertiser practices.
Google AdSense has recently adopted Internet-based advertising that allows advertisers to show ads based on a user's previous interactions with them, such as visits to an advertiser website and also to reach users based on their interests through tracking of pages in the Google content network.
Orders
The U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc.
does not maintain an online order capability to support our Trading Post Sales.
Sales are done by mail or via Honor Publications. Questions about USSSP Trading Post Sales should be referred
info@scoutingbooks.com or to
HONOR Publishing Company
P. O. BOX 14252
Kansas City, Missouri 64152-7252 USA
Policies for Youth (Individuals under 13 Years of Age)
No registration is required to visit U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. websites.
Youth have complete access to all information published online at U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. websites.
U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. websites are designed to be family friendly.. Youth under the age of 13 are required to provide the email address of a parent or guardian when conducting internet correspondence with U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. websites.
This allows the parent or guardian to be aware of and participate in the youth's online experience.
We will not respond to youth members under the age of 13 without parental consent. No personal information about youth is posted online at U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. websites by the U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. website staff.
Youth visitors should not participate in use of the U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. Discuss-It! Forums or Camp Cards without express permission of a parent or guardian.
Registration
Site visitors are not required to complete a registration form to visit our
sites or to view any published contents. No visitor is required at any time to
provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), and unique
identifiers (such as social security number).
Site and Service Updates
We do not offer any notification services for site and service changes or
updates.
Sharing
U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. does not currently share aggregated demographic information with advertisers.
However, all of the information that we do collect is available to the general public at USSSP Webstats.
Surveys & Contests
The U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc.
does not conduct contests. We are
considering conducting a user survey.  Any surveys that we conduct will not
link personally identifying information with answers provided by survey
participants.
Suggestions and Comments
When you submit information via email to the U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc, using
one of our suggestion forms, it
may be shared with all of our Board of Directors.
Typically, the webmaster will forward each suggestion to the board with a recommended action officer to respond to the suggestion or comment.
In some cases the suggestion will also be forwarded to a USSSP Team Member who maintains one of our web content areas for a direct response.
If a USSSP Board or Team member is unable to answer your question directly, we may also refer your question to other Scouters after obtaining your permission to do so.
Supplementation of Information
The U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc.
will not supplement the information we receive from
visitors with information from 3rd party sources.
Tell-A-Friend
The U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. does not employ a
referral service for informing a friend about our site.
We have developed our own referral form.
All information collected from this form is retained by the U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. and not shared with other organizations.
ADMINISTRATIVE
Notification of Changes
If the U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. decides to change its privacy policy, we will announce those changes
in our discussion forum so that our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by
posting a website announcement in our discussion forum.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this any of our websites, you signify your assent to the U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc.
Internet Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of
U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc.
websites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
The U.S. Scouting Service Project, Inc. Internet Privacy Policy is published to comply with the United States Federal Trade Commission rules for website operators to make sure that youth privacy is protected while they're online. These rules are part of the 1998 Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.
Parents are encouraged to read
How to Protect Kids' Privacy Online at the US Federal Trade Commission website.
FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION
FOR
THE CONSUMER
1-877-FTC-HELP
www.ftc.gov
© 1994-2020 -
U.S. Scouting Service Project |
Site Map |
Disclaimer |
Project Team |
Contact Us |
Privacy Policy
Materials found at U. S. Scouting Service
Project, Inc. Websites may be reproduced and used locally by
Scouting volunteers for training purposes consistent with the programs
of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA), the World Organization of the Scout Movement (WOSM) or
other Scouting and Guiding Organizations. No material found here may be
used or reproduced for electronic redistribution or for commercial or other
non-Scouting purposes without the express permission of the U. S. Scouting
Service Project, Inc. (USSSP) or other copyright holders. USSSP is not affiliated
with BSA or WOSM and does not speak on behalf of BSA or WOSM. Opinions expressed
on these web pages are those of the web authors. You can support this website
with in two ways:
Visit Our Trading Post at www.ScoutingBooks.com or make a donation by
clicking the button below.
(U.S. Scouting Service Project Donation)
(Ruth Lyons Memorial Donations)