https://veganfamily.co.uk/privacy/
This privacy policy sets out how Vegan Family House uses and protects any information that you give Vegan Family House when you use this website.
Vegan Family House is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Vegan Family House may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from: September 2017
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name  and email address, only when signing up to mailing list, commenting on or subscribing to blog, or sending us a message through our contact form.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
The cookies used on this website have been categorised based on the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide.
Category 1: strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Category 2: performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
Category 3: functionality cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these type of cookies on your device.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for the mailing list or blog, you may unsubscribe yourself by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the emails or emailed blog posts.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to: veganfamily @ veganfamily.co.uk
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading...
Recent Posts
Gourmet Vegan Cheeses above and a book and hot chocolate below!
books and bits
Don't miss our book recommendations
and our favourite kids books
Don't miss GreenBay Vegan Supermarket for gourmet products such as the cheeses below!
Set in the late sixteenth century, at the height of the Scottish witchcraft accusations, THE MERMAID AND THE BEAR is a story of triumph over evil, hope through adversity, faith in humankind and – above all – love.
Amazon UK
Universal Amazon link
Waterstones
Author website
Great gift idea: like a flower press but for tofu! Improves flavour absorption and texture:
Make raw noodles!
Vegan Waggon Wheels:
Toys, clothes, hats, aprons, umbrellas and bags from our shop
Best thing ever:
The Tribest personal blender, next best thing to a Vitamix and a fraction of the price! Really useful containers too. Buy from Amazon.co.uk
or Amazon.com
Our shop: aprons, bags, t-shirts, caps...
Solid Salt Deodorant: perfectly natural, beautifully frugal. Buy from Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.com
An amazing energy-saving device, this Halogen Oven cooks quickly and needs no pre-heating.Comes with lots of accessories and is a snip at £25! (Price right at time of writing, Dec '14).
Larger review here
Soap Nuts are a chemical free, natural and eco-friendly laundry product. Buy from Amazon.co.uk or
Amazon.com
Buy UK or Buy US
Tomato and rice soup recipe
on frugal living in the UK
Easy Raw Vegan Holidays
Fancy a raw Chrimbo?
Buy UK or Buy US
an age defying moisturiser,
a healthy cooking oil
and a hair conditioner...
we LOVE coconut oil :)
from amazon.co.uk
or
Amazon.com
Healthy Hedonist Holidays
veg & non-veg recipes.
Buy UK or Buy US
Vegan Toad in the Hole
so many cupcakes...
Buy UK or Buy US
and then came...
the cookies!
Buy UK or Buy US
The greatest gift ever...
The Vitamix!
Used daily by us :)
from
Amazon.co uk
or
Amazon.com
Fabulous food...
Buy UK or Buy US
A great guide to Britain's wild foods.
Buy from Amazon.co.uk
who wants the cake?
Buy UK
or Buy US
vegan recipes, books and festivities… Among the trees in Scotland.
Search for:
Follow Us On:View veganfamilyhouse’s profile on FacebookView veganfamily’s profile on TwitterView veganfamilyhouse’s profile on InstagramView veganfamilyhouse’s profile on PinterestSubscribe to Blog via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 20,477 other subscribers
Email Address
Subscribe
Subscribe to newsletters
Email *
Set in the late sixteenth century, at the height of the Scottish witchcraft accusations, THE MERMAID AND THE BEAR is a story of triumph over evil, hope through adversity, faith in humankind and – above all – love.
Amazon
Waterstones
Author website
Follow us on TwitterMy TweetsOur Facebook Page
Our Facebook Page
Top Posts & Pages
Visit Vegan Family House's profile on Pinterest.
Our sister site Frugal Living in the UK boasts a plethora of thrifty vegan recipes such as the wild garlic and carrot
soup pictured below.
Get your first Graze box free!
Recent Posts
Vegan Christmas Cake, a Christmas Dish Post
A Festive Soup: Carrot, Coriander and Ginger
Chestnut Roast for Christmas or Thanksgiving
Lentil Walnut Roast – gluten free
A Mheaty Vegan Roast!
Recent CommentsVegan Christmas Cake, a Christmas Dish Post - Vegan Family House on Eating, Reading, LookingThe Cooking spoon on Chestnut Roast for Christmas or Thanksgivingmike larue on Gluten Free Chocolate CakeRobbyeFaye on Gourmet Vegan Cheese!lucy on Solstice Pudding Truffles! #vegan #plantbased #raw RSS - Posts RSS - Comments
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
ancient stones
art
articles
beach
blogroll
books
films
food
friends
games
garden
links
odd
only pics
raw
resources
reuse
reviews
smoothies
trips
Uncategorized
vegan products
woods
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
%d bloggers like this: