http://vmrintl.com/vmr/privacy.html
Home
Values
Resources
How to Use
Exotics
Older
Subscribe
MENU
Privacy
This web site does not share, sell, or trade personal user
information to any dealer, dealer organization, car company or other entity.
Individual user information and correspondence is confidential. Unless the
visitor orders a subscription at one of our websites, we only collect non
personal user information to help us deliver content of interest to our
visitors. If a visitor only chooses to browse, no personally identifiable
information is collected. Information such as the user's name, address, email
address or telephone number (if the user has given such information to us to
subscribe to one of our publications) is never sold or used by any other entity.
VMR uses third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve
ads on vmrintl.com, vmrcanada.com and
collectorcarmarket.com.
These networks support our efforts and enable us to deliver fresh, updated
content to you every day. They may use
information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone
number) gathered from user activity in order to serve appropriate advertisements
to the user. If a visitor chooses to fill out any third party application and/or
information request that information is subject to the privacy policies of the
third party. From time to time we may run surveys on our websites. Aggregate
responses may be used in our marketing and development activities, but in
adherence to our overall policy no personal information is shared or sold.
Google:When users visit any Google AdSense publisher's website and
either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user's
browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense
publishers better serve and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web.
- Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.
-
Google's use of the cookies enables it to serve ads based on their visits to
this site and other sites on the Internet.- Users may opt out of the use of
cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network
privacy policy.
[an error occurred while processing this directive]