http://weloveourlife.com/privpolicy.html
Real Reviews with Real Pictures by Real People No advertising accepted
Search this site for:
We are not compensated by any of the resorts, inns, restaurants, etc
that are reviewed on this website.
Everything stated is our personal
experiences, your experiences may be different.
Privacy Policy
©2000-2020, Stinkpot SoftwareAll rights reserved
WeLoveOurLife has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. This policy outlines our personal information handling practices. If you give us personal information, we will treat it according to this policy. We encourage you to read this privacy policy and those of all web sites you visit.
If You Send Us E-mail
You may choose to provide us with personal information, as in e-mail with a comment or question. We use the information to respond to your request. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, we do not share our e-mail with any other outside organizations.
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites. WeLoveOurLife.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
When you link to another site, you are no longer on our site and are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Information that is Collected
We collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, we collect and store certain information automatically.
This information does not identify you personally.
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website.
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site.
The date and time you access our site.
The pages you visit.
If you linked to our website from another website, the address of that website.
We collect this information and use it to compile general statistics such as how many people visit which parts of the site. We do not use this information to track you personally, nor will we ever sell that information.
If you have any further questions about privacy or security, please contact us by sending an email to: webmaster@weloveourlife.com.