http://wolfgangpuck.com/privacy-policy/
CONTINUE
Please leave this field empty.
Thank You
Your inquiry has been sent.
Home
Subscribe to Wolfgang Puck's mailing list
I'm interested in...
Dining
Catering
Products
facebook
instagram
twitter
pinterest
Back
Products
Cookware
Coffee
Wine
Cookbooks
Back
Dining
Restaurants
Bars & Lounges
Airport & Retail Locations
Location
loc
All
Bahrain Bay
Beverly Hills
Costa Mesa
Doha
Grand Rapids
Istanbul
Japan
Las Vegas
London
Los Angeles
Maui
New York
Orlando
Santa Monica
Seattle
Shanghai
Singapore
Washington D.C.
Café at the End of the Universe
Chinois, Santa Monica
Culture Kitchen, Seattle
CUT, Bahrain
CUT, Beverly Hills
CUT, DC
CUT, Doha
CUT, Las Vegas
CUT, London
CUT, New York City
CUT, Singapore
Japan Locations
Lupo, Las Vegas
re/ASIAN CUISINE, Bahrain
Spago, Beverly Hills
Spago, Istanbul
Spago, Las Vegas
Spago, Maui
Spago, Singapore
The Kitchen & The Kitchen Counter, Grand Rapids
Wolfgang Puck at Hotel Bel-Air, Los Angeles
Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill, Las Vegas
Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill, Orlando
Wolfgang Puck Kitchen + Bar, Shanghai
Wolfgang Puck Kitchen, Costa Mesa
Wolfgang Puck Players Locker, Summerlin
Location
loc
All
Bahrain
Los Angeles
Blue Moon Lounge, Bahrain
CUT Lounge, Beverly Hills
RIVA
The Bar & Lounge at Hotel Bel-Air
Back
Catering
About
Event Inquiry
Locations
Seasonal
Virtual Chef
Nationwide Shipping
Weddings
Info
Location
loc
All
Atlanta
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Philadelphia
San Francisco
Seattle
Virtual
Washington D.C.
Radius
No Limit
5 Miles
15 Miles
30 Miles
Capacity
Any
0 - 50 People
51 - 100 People
101 - 300 People
More
AT&T Performing Arts Center
Center for Civil and Human Rights
Conga Room
Discovery Green Downtown
El Rey Theatre
Georgia Aquarium
Gleacher Center at University of Chicago Booth School of Business
Greystone Mansion & Park
Hollywood & Highland
L.A. LIVE
Museum of Pop Culture
Museum of Science Boston
Nasher Sculpture Center
Perot Museum of Nature and Science
Post HTX Downtown
Shrine Auditorium and Expo Hall
Sony Pictures Studios
Sunset Room Wolfgang Puck
The Fields Terrace
The Fillmore Philadelphia
The Howard Theatre
The Tabernacle
The Theatre at Grand Prairie
Tower Theatre
Union Station
Virtual Chef Experience
Westfield Century City
Your Atlanta Location
Your Bay Area Location
Your Dallas Location
Your Houston Location
Your Las Vegas Location
Your Los Angeles Location
Your Seattle Location
Your Washington, DC Location
Venue Reference Guide
Oscars
Spring
Summer
Fall
Holiday
Corporate
THANK YOU!
You are signed up for the mailing list!
Home
FORM NOT SUBMITTED
The ReServe API is missing some information.
Home
PRIVACY POLICY
Our promise to our website visitors and registered guests
Wolfgangpuck.com respects our visitors and their privacy. You are free to visit parts of our site anonymously (without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself), but you may be required to register in order to view certain portions of our site or to take advantage of some special services. Our company will only use the information you provide us to deliver services you specifically request. We promise not to sell, rent, or share registered visitor’s information with other people or unaffiliated companies except under the following circumstances:
1. We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
2. We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety or any person, violations of Wolfgangpuck.com’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law;
3. We transfer information about you if Wolfgangpuck.com and Wolfgang Puck Worldwide, Inc. is acquired by or merged with another company;
4. You request or authorize it;
5. The information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; or
6. The information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf such as analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer assistance, etc..
How we collect and use personal information
If you choose to register with Wolfgangpuck.com, we collect your name, address, telephone number, email address, interests you have in our products and services, or other information you give us voluntarily. With your permission, we automatically place your name on our email newsletter list so we can send you emails with information and special offers. You can update your information or preferences by resubmitting a registration form. Your personal information will be automatically updated every time you register with the same email address. Also, you can unsubscribe to our newsletters by clicking on the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of a newsletter.
We do not require you to provide any information which would identify you personally (“Personally Identifiable Information”), although you may submit such information if you choose to register on our site. If you send us an inquiry or request by e-mail, we may retain your e-mail address after we respond to your request or inquiry. We may use this e-mail address to contact you in the future with product or service information which we believe may be of interest to you.
We may gather usage information while you use the site and transfer the information to our servers as frequently as nightly. Our web servers track and collect the visitor’s domain name and IP address, but not the email address. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the Site, pages viewed, and so on. We use this information (“Site Usage Information”) to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site. We may share with third parties such as marketing or service providers experiential information or other data which does not personally identify you or other users of our site. This might include product or service preferences of all visitors to our site, for example. If you choose to send information to us with respect to a career with our company or a franchise opportunity with our company we will retain such information and we (our employees and agents) will use it in connection with such a career or franchise opportunity. We may share such information with our affiliates but will not share it with third parties.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer from websites you visit. These identifiers are maintained on your computer’s hard drive and store information about your and web browsing habits. Wolfgangpuck.com uses cookies to monitor our visitors viewing habits. These cookies may allow us and our service providers to customize your experience and make your visit to our website easier, measure activity on our website, track conversions, target ads, and provide analytics. While some cookies are deleted when you close your browser, others remain even after you close your browsing session.
To manage your cookies, you can set your web browser to refuse cookies. For more information on how to manage browser cookies, click here. You can also contact us by clicking here to update or correct certain personal information, or to opt out.
Links
To enhance your visit to our website, Wolfgangpuck.com has links to other sites on the internet that are owned and operated by third parties. Wolfgangpuck.com is not capable of controlling the cookies or privacy policies of other websites; therefore it is not responsible for the actions of the websites that link to or from our site. Neither Wolfgangpuck.com nor Wolfgang Puck Worldwide, Inc. own or operate any website other than Wolfgangpuck.com.
Child Privacy
We do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from children. Our terms and conditions of use require that any registration may only be made by those over the age of 18 and that any product or service purchases may only be made by those over the age of 18. By using our services, you are representing that you are an adult (at least 18 years of age) or have the permission from a parent or legal guardian to use our service. If we have reason to believe that information is being provided by a child under the age of 18, the Company will not collect the information without parental consent or parent notification, which will include the opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information or to prevent the child’s participation in the activity. Without parental consent, online information will only be used to respond to an unsolicited request and for no other purposes. We recognize that protecting children’s identities and privacy online is important and that the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents.
Security
We maintain numerous security standards and procedures to help prevent unauthorized access to confidential information about you. Our Site uses encryption technology, digital certificates, secure commerce servers and authentication to protect your Personally Identifiable Information. As long as the web browser you are using supports Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), your information will be submitted to us with a high level of security. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis.
While we take reasonable measures to prevent the loss or misuse of the information that you provide to us, including but not limited to, your Personally Identifiable Information, due to factors beyond our control, we do not guarantee that your Personally Identifiable Information or any other information collected by us will be completely secure from misappropriation by hackers or other third parties or from other criminal activities.
Subcontractors and agents
Wolfgangpuck.com will occasionally send our registered guest information to third-party subcontractors that work on our behalf to provide certain services. Examples include sending postal mailings and emails, removing repetitive information from our databases, analyzing data, and providing marketing assistance. These third parties do not have the right to use or distribute your personal information beyond what is necessary to assist us. They are contractually obligated to maintain confidentiality and security of your personal information and are restricted from using this information in any way not expressly authorized by Wolfgangpuck.com.
Changes in our privacy policy
This policy was last modified on March 19, 2003. Wolfgangpuck.com reserves the right to modify or amend this policy at any time by posting the revised policy on our site. The policy will always be available on our website for visitors and registered guests to view.
Viewing This Privacy Policy And Our Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you believe that we have not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or write to:
Wolfgang Puck Worldwide, Inc.
Attn: Website Privacy Policy
8687 Melrose Ave.
Room B315, Blue Building
West Hollywood, CA 90069
310.432.1500
We welcome your questions and comments. “Wolfgang Puck”® is a trademark of Wolfgang Puck Worldwide, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Wolfgang Puck Inc. uses cookies on our website. By clicking “I agree” you are consenting to our use of cookies, our Terms & Conditions, and our Privacy Policy while you browse our website. Find out about how you can manage cookies by clicking here.I Agree