https://www.vegancoach.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
> Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
I know, I know, this stuff is BOR-ING!
But I must include it on my site for your information and peace of mind. Everything you read here is pretty standard across the web.
Thanks for visiting.    :)
We recognize that your privacy is important -- it's very important to hubby Jeff and I too! This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use VeganCoach.com, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information.
We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
VeganCoach.com strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers', consumers' and online visitors' privacy on our website.
Personal Information
VeganCoach.com collects personally identifiable information from the visitors to our website only on a voluntary basis. Personal information collected on a voluntary basis may include name and email address.
This information is collected if you request information from us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, and sign up to join our list or request some other service or information from us. The information collected is internally reviewed, used to improve the content of our website, notify our visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries.
Once information is reviewed, it is discarded or stored in our files. If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. Personal information received from any visitor will be used only for internal purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties.
Use of Cookies
Ooooooh.
Aaaaaah.
Who can resist a warm vegan chocolate chip cookie straight out of the oven, all crispy on the outside and moist on this inside with its ooey gooey chocolate chips melting in your mouth...
WAIT!
NOT THOSE COOKIES!
:)
Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser. They enable a system to recognize your browser which helps personalize your online experience. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the site's pages, or register with any of our site's services, a cookie enables VeganCoach.com to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your Web browser; however, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent.
Taking this action shouldn't cause a problem with our site, should you so choose.
Google Analytics Cookies
VeganCoach.com uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics collects demographic and interest data, and generates statistical and other information about website use, by means of cookies. These cookies are kept on your computer. We share this information with Google, which will store and use this information on its servers. Find Google's privacy policy here.
VeganCoach.com uses information from Google Analytics to track the number of visits to the website, browsers and operating systems. No personally identifiable information is obtained from these cookies. We use the information that Google Analytics generates relating to our website to create reports about the use of the site. These reports allow us to update the site and improve your usage of it.
If you do not wish your data to be collected via Google Analytics, you can install its opt-out browser extension or add-on.
Affiliate Products and Services
We receive an affiliate commission for some of the kitchen products sold on VeganCoach.com.
The affiliate services platform we use is Amazon which helps defray the costs of running this website.
By clicking on a product or service link, you consent to Amazon's use of cookies, as outlined in this link.
Retargeting Ads and Tracking Pixels
VeganCoach.com occasionally uses retargeting ads, which require the setting of cookies in your browser.
VeganCoach.com uses Facebook pixels to determine the effectiveness of some Facebook ad campaigns. You can change your Facebook ad settings here.
Refusing Cookies
You can set your browser to accept or refuse all cookies automatically, or notify you when a cookie is being requested. Taking this action should not cause a problem with the continued use of our site. Consult the Help section of your browser for guidance on how to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is requested.
If you choose to refuse VeganCoach.com's cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
Personally Identifiable Information
VeganCoach.com may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our site;
To display content on the site correctly;
To improve customer service;
To help us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently;
To personalize your user experience;
To understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site;
To improve our site;
To improve our products and services;
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature;
To send information to you that you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you;
To send periodic emails, which may include electronic newsletters and/or autoresponder series of emails;
To respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
VeganCoach.com may collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our site, register on the site, or fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site.
Specifically, if you subscribe to our newsletter, we will ask for your first name and will require your email address.
If you complete a form, we will require your name and your email address, and will ask for information relevant to the purpose of the form.
If you submit content to us, we will ask for your name and email address. Photos you include with your submission, or details in your submission, may personally identify you.
If you request to be notified about comments on any content you submit to us, or request to be notified when others submit content, we will require your first name and your email address.
If you purchase a product or service from us, we will collect your name, email address, billing address and credit card number.
You can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information and visit our site anonymously. However, it may prevent you from engaging in certain site-related activities.
If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information, we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. We will use personal information received from you for internal purposes only and will not sell it or provide it to third parties.
We also collect each visitor's IP address, which helps us combat spam and fraud. We do not use IP addresses for any other purpose.
Non-personally Identifiable Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you interact with our site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your method of connecting to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider you used, and other similar information.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
This website is directed to adults; it is not directed to children under the age of 13. We operate our site in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, and will not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Release of Information
If VeganCoach.com is sold, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale in order that the service being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make of us.
Data Storage
Personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information collected by this site
is stored on our host's servers. That host is SiteSell Inc., located at 1000 Saint-Jean Boulevard, Suite 702, Pointe-Claire, QC H9R 5P1 Canada.
Some information is collected by third-party services. These include the cart we use so we can process product sales and you can review their Privacy Policy here.
We also use a service to process our weekly newsletter, and you can also review their Privacy Policy here. Please note at any time you can now -- and have always been able to -- safely unsubscribe from our newsletter at the bottom of every email we send you.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personally identifiable information. If you have submitted personally identifiable information through our website and would like to update that information or have it deleted from our records, just shoot us a note and we'll take care of it for you if it's in-house, or forward you to the correct party who can help.
Updates and Effective Date
VeganCoach.com reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to VeganCoach.com's Privacy Policy as posted here on this website, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site.
Your use of this site indicates acceptance of this privacy policy.
Thank you very much.
Your privacy is very important to us, and we promise to take good care of you.
:)
Last updated: May 24, 2018
Next:  How To Be Vegan
Back to the top - Privacy Policy
There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again.
First Name
Email Address
sign me up!
Monthly cooking tips and inspiration!
We have a strict no-spam policy.
RSS Feed
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Contact
About Us
Authored by Patty Knutson. All Content Copyright © Vegan Coach2007-2020 All rights reserved.The information contained in this site is original and protected by copyright.Please DO NOT COPY any part of this site without our express written consent. Thank you!