http://www.parent.net/privacy.html
Get Weekly Parenting Tips Email Newsletter
Receive free practical parenting tips weekly in your email with contributions
from fellow parents, educators, child development specialists and more.
E-mail Instructions:
Your privacy always comes first and your email address is never shared with anyone ever.
Name
Email
Parenting Articles
Kids & Good Manners
Kids & Responsibilities
Kids Health Issues
Child Safety Advice
Child Nutrition & Food
Child Education
Kids Mental Health
Child Behavior Advice
Family Values
Pregnancy
Child Development
Learning Disabilities
Seasonal Tips
Parenting Tips
Household Hints
Home
You are here:
Parenting Magazine > Parenting Articles > Privacy Policy
Parent.Net respects the privacy of every individual who visits our website.
This Privacy Statement outlines the information we will collect and how we will use that information.
This Statement will also instructs you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected when you visit our website.
Personal Information
We will not collect your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address unless you provide it to us voluntarily. However, we may attempt to collect such information if we believe your use of this website violates any laws.
If you do not want this information collected, please do not submit it to us. If you have already submitted this information and would like for us to remove it from our records, please contact us at the e-mail address listed at the bottom of this Statement. We will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our existing files.
When you do provide us with personal information, we may use that information in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: we may store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our services. We may also use that information to contact you. However, we will not provide that information to third parties.
Children
We have no intention of collecting any personal information (that is, name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) from individuals under eighteen years of age. Where appropriate, we will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on our website.
If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child should contact us at the e-mail address listed at the bottom of this Statement to request that this information be deleted from our records. We will use reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our existing files.
Other Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the origin of the website from which you linked to our website.
Information We May Place Automatically On Your Computer's Hard Drive
When you view our website, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "cookie" or similar file and will help us in many ways. For example, cookies allow us to tailor our website to better match your interests and preferences.
Some of our advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing California restuarant ads to someone in California, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing scrapbooking ads to someone who frequents scrapbooking sites). With most Internet Browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Specific to the Google Ads displayed on this site
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads our your site. Their DART cookie enables them and their partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Web surfers may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy
Who to Contact
If you have submitted personal information through this website and would like that information deleted from our records, please contact us at the following e-mail address: privacy@parent.net. We will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our existing files.
Parenting Course Home
| Parenting Advice Articles |
Household Hints | Parenting Tips
Copyright © 1997-2009 by Parent.Net Privacy Policy