https://www.mold-help.org/mold-help-org-legal-and-usage-disclaimer/
The “The Mold-Help websites and Mold-Survivor website,” from now on “Site” makes no guarantee of the completeness or accuracy of any information provided. It makes no promise or warranty to maintain or update this public service or information contained and made available to the public. The Site may suspend or discontinue this service at any time. The user assumes the risk of verifying any materials used or relied on.
Copyright Status: All documents available on this site may be protected under the U. S. and all Foreign Copyright Laws. Permission to reproduce is required at all times. THERE ARE NO EXCEPTIONS TO THIS CLAUSE.
If you download materials from the site in order to use the materials as solely authorized by the Mold Help Organization, software, including any and all files, images, audio or video clips incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, “materials”) is licensed to you by the Mold Help Organization.
The Mold Help Organization does not transfer the title to you. You own the medium on which the software is recorded, but the Mold Help Organization retains full title to the software, and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the software to a human-perceivable form.
SECURITY
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. However, your confidential use of this site cannot be guaranteed by the Mold Help Organization. The Mold Help Organization shall not be responsible for any harm that you or any person may suffer as the result of a breach of confidentiality with respect to information you transmitted to the site.
POSTED MATERIALS
The information and opinions expressed in materials posted by visitors on the chat areas, bulletin boards, lists or other venues connected with our site (collectively, “forums”) are not necessarily those of the Mold Help Organization or its affiliates and the Mold Help Organization makes no representations or warranties regarding such posted materials.
Users should be aware that our forums are public, not private communications. When you voluntarily disclose personal information on our forums, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other people.
You shall not submit, upload or post to our forums any content which (1) contains external links which are not Mold Help Approved Resources or affiliated organizations, for any reason whatsoever; (2) libels, defames, invades privacy, or is obscene, pornographic, abusive, or threatening; (3) infringes any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity, including but not limited to, violating anyone’s copyrights or trademarks; (4) falsifies or deletes author attributions, legal notices or other proprietary designations; (5) violates any law; (6) advocates illegal activity; (7) contains viruses, corrupted files, or other materials that may cause damage to another’s computer, or (8) advertises or otherwise solicits funds or sales of goods or services.
By posting any content on our forums, you automatically agree to indemnify the Mold Help Organization from and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from your breach of these posting restrictions. You will also be banned from the entire website for as long as Mold Help deems necessary to end such discourteous conduct.
By posting any content on our forums, you automatically grant to the Mold Help Organization a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable and unrestricted worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute the posted content or incorporate the posted content into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed for any purpose, including advertising and promotion, and you automatically waive all “moral rights” with respect to the posted content.
NO WARRANTIES
The Site disclaims any express or implied warranty in providing for public use its computer system and any materials, information, graphics, products, or processes contained therein. It makes no warranty, express or implied, nor assumes any responsibility in the use of this service or its contents for its accuracy, completeness, currency, its use for any general of particular purpose, nor that such items or use of such items would not violate or infringe rights of others. This service is provided on a strictly “as is” basis.
EXTERNAL LINKS PERSONAL OPINIONS
Site resources and materials may contain hypertext or other links to Internet of computer sites, not owned or controlled by the Site, which may be of interest. Links to other sites are not supervised nor regularly reviewed by the Site. Any information, endorsements of products or services, materials or personal opinions appearing on such external sites are not controlled, sponsored not approved by the Site. The Site specifically disavows legal responsibility for what a user may find on another site, or for personal opinions of individuals posted on any site, whether or not operated by the Site, established for the purpose of permitting free exchange of personal opinions or a “town hall” discussion.
ASSUMPTION OF RISK OF USE
A user of the Sites for information made available for public use assumes the risk of use or reliance on such information. Neither the Site, its employees or agents shall be liable for any damages for viewing, distributing or copying of materials on its sites made available to the public, including indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. This web site is designed for informational and educational purposes only. It is not intended for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease. It is not a substitute for professional care. If you suspect you have a health problem, contact your health care provider. The Site does not represent or endorse the accuracy, currency, or reliability of any of the information, content, products, or advertisements contained on, distributed through, or linked, downloaded, or accessed from the web site. In certain parts of this web site “hypertext links” may be provided to web sites not under the control of the Site. These sites are presented for reference and educational purposes only with the same limitations. The Site recommends that parents, guardians, or other responsible adults provide direct supervision and assistance of youth Internet use. Monitoring of system no expectation of privacy. System is constantly monitored. There is no reasonable expectation of privacy in the use of this public site.
COPYRIGHTED MATERIAL
This site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of environmental, political, human rights, economic, democracy, scientific, and social justice issues, etc.
We believe this constitutes a ‘fair use’ of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. For more information go to: http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml. If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond ‘fair use’, you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.
https://www.mold-help.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/moldhelp-654x300.png
0
0
Carolyn Willbanks
https://www.mold-help.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/moldhelp-654x300.png
Carolyn Willbanks2004-10-05 20:15:362019-04-20 01:20:37Mold-Help.org Legal and Usage Disclaimer
Latest Posts
Office and Commercial Buildings at Risk for Mold after COVID-19 Closings
COVID-19 Symptoms May Include Loss of Taste and Smell
New Mold Detox Information on the Horizon
COVID-19 Courses of Action
Stachybotrys
Simple and Easy Ways to Prevent the Coronavirus
Your Air Conditioning Unit Helps Eliminate Mold
Construction Workers Are Learning to Control Dust and Debris
Dangerous Mosquitoes Love Water
Insects in your Basement May be a Sign of Water Damage
Search Our Site:
Need Help with Mold?
Are you being affected by mold or other mycotoxins in your environment? Our team and community has over 15 years experience and can provide guidance. You can reach us by submitting your contact or through our Facebook page.
Have a Story to Share?
We're looking for stories and input to expand our database and to add to the personal experiences we've received from the thousands of victims over the last 15. If mold has impacted your life, please take the time to share your story. Your information is confidential and will only be shared with your permission.
Seeking Mold Experts
Are you an expert in the treatment of mold-affected health illnesses, or a provider of services to victims of mycotoxin exposure?
Submit your information for listing consideration in our Agencies & Experts resource database.
Additional Resources
Contact Us
Sitemap
Glossary of Terms
Discussion Board
Survivor Resources
General Inquiries
Legal Disclaimer
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.