http://www.notquitenigella.com/privacy-policy/
- hide+ show menu
Home
Search
Recipes
Restaurants
Travel
Features
About
Subscribe
Privacy Policy
recipe
FacebookTwitterPinterestEmail
FacebookTwitterPinterestEmail
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or submit information on Not Quite Nigella (the "Site").
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information."
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
"Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
"Log files" track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
"Web beacons," "tags," and "pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you leave a comment or subscribe to a Newsletter on the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name or pseudonym, email address and IP address.
We refer to this information as "Submitted Information."
When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Submitted Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use Personal Information that we collect to:
Send our subscribers a daily newsletter
Screen our comments for abuse and/or spam
Pre-populate comment forms with previously Submitted Information
Device Information is analysed to help us understand how to improve and optimize our Site
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.
For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our users use the Site - you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site's data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Australia and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you submit a comment through the Site, we will maintain your Submitted Information unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@notquitenigella.com or by mail using the details provided below:
PO Box 689
Kensington, NSW, 1465
Australia
Follow Not Quite Nigella on Email, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest, YouTube and Facebook.
Don't Miss
recipeMOON & BACK Cafe, Rosebery
recipeYou're Invited To Our Italian Christmas!
recipeCoronation Cauliflower!
recipeThe Incredible Very Edible Zucchini Slice!
recipeBEAUTIFUL Classic French Glazed Fruit Tart!
recipeSend Noods: How To Make Amazing Biang Biang Noodles {Easy!}
recipeFestive-Us! A Christmas Tree Pavlova
recipeBeef in Black Bean Sauce
recipeA Very Merry Australian Christmas Dinner!
recipe4 Delicious Ways With Leftover Panettone!
restaurant
MOON & BACK Cafe, Rosebery
recipe
You're Invited To Our Italian Christmas!
recipe
Coronation Cauliflower!
recipe
The Incredible Very Edible Zucchini Slice!
recipe
BEAUTIFUL Classic French Glazed Fruit Tart!
recipe
Send Noods: How To Make Amazing Biang Biang Noodles {Easy!}
recipe
Festive-Us! A Christmas Tree Pavlova
recipe
Beef in Black Bean Sauce
recipe
A Very Merry Australian Christmas Dinner!
recipe
4 Delicious Ways With Leftover Panettone!
Free Daily Updates
Recipes
Restaurants
Travel
Features
Search
Archives
Subscribe for Free
Every morning I send my friends the latest restaurant review, recipe or travel story from Not Quite Nigella. If you'd like to wake up to a delicious email just enter your email address below.
© 2007-2020 Lorraine Elliott Privacy Policy