http://www.retirementcalc.com/privacy-policy/
Go!
Find a Financial Advisor
Free Consultation
Facebook
Twitter
Linked In
Google+
Toggle navigation
Home
About
Retire Fast Videos
Back Story
Find A Financial Advisor
Client Testimonials
Retirement Calculator
Lead Generation Client Engagement for Growth Financial Advisors
Banking Tools for Customer Engagement
Blog
Retire Fast Guest Posts
Start Your Engines
Ready for Retirement
Resources
Race to Retirement
Retirement Accelerator
Retirement Crash Test
Retirement Homes
Best Retirement Cities
Financial Advisor Cities
Contact
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our clients and partners. The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers' needs.
Information we collect
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site.
Personal information you choose to provide:
If you choose to purchase products or services from us or our partners and affiliates, you may need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from various credit services. For example, you may need to provide the following information:
Name
Mailing address
Email information
Credit card number
Home and business phone number
Other personal information (birth date, size of retirement portfolio, net worth, types of investments you currently own and more)
In addition to providing the foregoing information to our partners and affiliates, if you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
Web Site use information:
Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site collects information about how our Web site is used. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
How we use the information that you provide to us
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under our traditional corporate standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our customers personal information. As a customer, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers.
Sharing information with affiliates
From time to time you may notice offers from outside companies advertised on our Web site. We take measures to select product or service providers that are responsible and afford privacy protections to their customers. However, we cannot make any representations about the practices and policies of these companies.
Sharing information with strategic partners
We may enter into strategic marketing alliances or partnerships with third parties who may be given access to personal information including your name, address, telephone number, birth date, your net worth, types of investments you own, current size of your retirement portfolio and email for the purpose of providing you information regarding products and services that we think will be of interest to you. In connection with strategic marketing alliances or partnerships, we will retain all ownership rights to the information, and we will not share information regarding your credit card number.
Notice of new services and changes
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our client, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by unsubscribing.
How we secure information transmissions
When you send confidential personal credit card information to us on our Web site, a secure server software which we have licensed encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. The information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our Web site.
Other email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. For that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as credit card or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
How we protect your information
Information security: We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
Evaluation of information protection practices: Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
Employee access, training and expectations: Our corporate values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of customer information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
How you can access and correct your information
You may review and approve the information about you collected upon registration in our customer database. Upon request, we will remove that information from our customer database or change/correct personal information that you state is erroneous. However, you should understand that information about you in our databases may come from a number of sources, including orders placed by you and third party mailing lists.
Information disclosure to outside parties
We may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, Web site traffic patterns and related Web site information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include credit card data.
Legally compelled disclosure of information
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Other web sites linked to our Web site
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. You’re browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your consent
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Privacy contact
Questions regarding this policy should be directed to Retirement Calculator, Inc. info@retireontrack.com
Learn More About Retire Fast
Back Story Try Bob’s Retirement Calculator Watch Retire Fast Videos
Contact us
Retire Fast is a Michigan based Company
New Detroit, MI HQ coming soon!
About Retire Fast
Retire Fast is a leading retirement technology and advisor client-facing digital engagement platform.  Our Trademark is Trusted Financial Advice that combines a high degree of personalization, human intervention with a deep understanding of our clients' needs.
Resources
Race to Retirement
Retirement Accelerator
Retirement Crash Test
Retirement Homes
Best Retirement Cities
Financial Advisor Cities
Financial Tips & Hints
Would you like to receive an award-winning FREE quarterly financial tips and hints newsletter?
© 2018 Retire Fast - All Rights Reserved  |  Privacy  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Spam Policy  |  Sitemap
* Financial Advisors in our network may be dually registered; advisors, in addition to being registered as an RIA, may also be registered representatives offering securities through broker dealers.
** We pre-screen advisors for: • Experience (minimum FIVE years required) • Advisor Compensation (fee-based or fee-only*) • Licensing and disclosures with SEC / FINRA. By using this site you agree to our terms of service.  Look up a brokerage firm or individual broker at BrokerCheck