https://www.satelliteguys.us/privacy.html
Terms of Use
Please read this notice before using our site. By using the site, you agree
to abide by these Terms of Use; please do not use our site if you do not agree
with the Terms of Use outlined below. SatelliteGuys.US reserves the right to
modify the Terms of Use at its sole discretion, and by using this site, you
agree to be bound by the modifications or updates to the Terms of Use.
Privacy Notice
SatelliteGuys.US values your privacy. To keep you informed,
we have created this privacy statement that discloses our purposes and methods
for online collection and use of information. This statement applies to all
information collected through SatelliteGuys.US websites and information gathered
from any web pages that we host.
It should be noted that SatelliteGuys.US uses other Third Party Ad Agencies to provide revenue driving advertising to the site. Because of this some of these advertisors might store tracking cookies on your
computer.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
In addition we also use ads by Google
who is a ad provider which serves ads for SatelliteGuys.US. Google
uses cookies called "DART Cookies" which can be used to track what sites you have visited so that they can serve ads that might better interest to you.
You for more information or to opt out of these "DART cookies" from google you can do so by visiting http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Site Operator and Contact for Privacy Inquiries:
Scott Greczkowski
SatelliteGuys.US
46 Miami Avenue
Newington, Connecticut 06111
helpme
at SatelliteGuys.US
Forum Policies, and
Disclaimers
Our Discussion boards consist of people interested in Home Theater & Satellite
Television helping others with questions on Home Theater and Satellite Technologies.
The purpose of this site is to have a friendly place for users to
help users in getting the most from their Home Theater or
Satellite Setups.
Considering the real-time nature of this bulletin board, it is impossible
for us to review messages or confirm the validity of information
posted. Please remember that we do not actively monitor the contents
of posted messages and are not responsible for any messages posted.
We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness
of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any
message. The messages express the views of the author of the message,
not necessarily the views SatelliteGuys.US or any entity associated
with SatelliteGuys.US. Any user who feels that a posted message
is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by email.
We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will
make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we
determine that removal is necessary. This is a manual process, so
please realize that we may not be able to remove or edit particular
messages immediately.
You agree, through your use of
this service, that you will not use SatelliteGuys.US to post any
material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate,
abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually
oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise
violative of any law. You agree not to post any copyrighted material
unless the copyright is owned by you or by SatelliteGuys.US.
By the use of this service,
any material you post will become property of SatelliteGuys.US.
If you wish to re-produce any of the information posted on our discussion
boards, it may only be done with express written permission of SatelliteGuys.US.
In addition you agree that any civil or legal proceeding arising
from the operation, or material posted on the SatelliteGuys.US,
shall be brought and heard only in a state or federal court of competent
jurisdiction located in Michigan and the parties hereto expressly
wave any rights under any law or rule to cause any such proceedings
to be brought and heard in any other location. SatelliteGuys.US
concents to jurisdiction in any state or federal court of competent
jurisdiction located in Connecticut in any civil action or other legal
proceeding arising out of or relating to this agreement.
Although SatelliteGuys.US does
not and cannot review the messages posted and is not responsible
for the content of any of these messages, we at SatelliteGuys.US
reserve the right to delete any message for any or no reason whatsoever.
You remain solely responsible for the content of your messages,
and you agree to indemnify and hold harmless SatelliteGuys.US, and
their agents with respect to any claim based upon transmission of
your message(s). We at SatelliteGuys.US also reserve the right to
reveal your identity (or whatever information we know about you)
in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any message
posted by you. You are also giving us permission to share your personal
information if you post any message at our site requesting help
on hacking or stealing Satellite services. Please note that advertisements,
chain letters, pyramid schemes, and solicitations are inappropriate.
SatelliteGuys.US and its members value signal integrity, so therefore
we have adopted a zero tolerence policy on this matter. The Discussion
of 'test cards', 'test devices', 'hacking' is strictly prohibited
on this website. Violaters will be immediatly banned from accessing
not only the forums but the entire website. Please consider this
your first and only warning.
All members should read the official rules of SatelliteGuys. These rules can be found by CLICKING HERE. By using the SatelliteGuys service you are agreeing to abide by the rule set forth within.
As a member of the SatelliteGuys.US
Discussion boards, you agree that you will not allow others to login
to the discussion boards using your username and password. Please
note that our system automatically captures your computers unique
IP address everytime you login.
Please note SatelliteGuys.US works hard to keep your private data
private, we have taken numerous measures to keep our databases and
your private information safe from hackers. And while we work hard
to protect your information in the event we were hacked you agree
to hold SatelliteGuys.US, it's operatiors and agents harmless from
any damages which may occur in the event we were successfully hacked.
While Private Messages are private to the General Public, it should
be known that Private Messages can be accessed by the system administrators
when a member complaigns about anothers private message which may
contain illegal or forbidden subject matter.
This agreement is entered into
in accordance with and shall be governed by Connecticut law provided
that if any Connecticut law shall dictate the laws of another jurisdiction
be applied to any proceeding, such Connecticut law shall be superseded
by this paragraph and the remaining laws of Connecticut shall neverless
be applied in such proceeding.
Sincerely,
Scott Greczkowski
SatelliteGuys.US Site Administrator
helpme@satelliteGuys.US
*Revised March 13th, 2009 3:30
PM EST.
Cookies
Certain activities on SatelliteGuys.US involve the use of
"cookies" to facilitate your experience. This includes retention of
your username and password the SatelliteGuys.US and showing a default Topic
View when you visit the forums. You have the option to turn these cookies off
at any time by updating your user profile preferences. If your browser doesn’t
support cookies, or if you have cookies turned off, these preferences will not
be set.
Disclosure of Personal Information
SatelliteGuys.US does not disclose your personally identifying
information (such as email address or IP address) to any third parties for any purpose without your prior consen or without the valid request of any law enforcement agency. All reasonable care is taken by staff handling personal information to ensure
its security both offline and online. It is our policy to destroy server access
and personal information provided during the technical support process upon
completion of the technical support incident.
It’s also important to be aware that when you voluntarily provide personal
information (e.g., last name, address, phone number) in a posting on the bulletin
board, that information is publicly available and may be used by someone in
a manner unintended by you. For that reason, we discourage the offering of any
personally identifying information within the message board itself.
Helpful Links:
Federal Trade Commission Privacy Initiatives Site (includes link to the full
text of the Final Rule)
http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/index.html
Online Privacy Alliance's Resources for Business
http://www.privacyalliance.org/resources