http://www.fdf.org.uk/privacy.aspx
This website uses cookies to operate and deliver a good service for
you.
To find out more about cookies on this website and how to delete or block
these, see our privacy and cookies policy.
Accessibility:
A
A
A
FDF
FDFS
Label
FDF Members
Search
Sign inHome
Food and Drink Federation Representing the UK's biggest manufacturing sector
You are here:
Home>
Privacy policy
Newsfeed
Print this page
About FDFNewsPolicy areas EU ExitMembershipFacts and statsEvents & trainingPublicationsVenue
Quick links...
Business Confidence Survey
Case Studies
FDF Awards
Exports statistics
FDF Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy of The Food and Drink federation ('FDF").
The FDF is a member organisation. We represent, promote, protect
and further
the
common
interests and welfare of our members in the UK food and drink industry. We do
this by helping our
members operate in an appropriately regulated marketplace, communicating our
industry's values
and concerns and working with key players in the food chain to ensure food
safety and consumer
trust.
We provide information about our work and industry on our main website
www.fdf.org.uk and
other FDF website services (our “Site”).
The FDF is the data controller of any personal information obtained from you
when you use our
services. We are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of that
information.
This policy explains what we may collect, how we use any information we obtain
from you and your
rights in relation to that information.
Please also read our Terms of Use that tells you
the terms on which you may make use of our Site.
In this policy:
What does this policy cover?
What sort of information does the FDF collect?
How and why do FDF use your information?
Marketing
Legal compliance
How do we protect and store your information?
How long do we will keep your information?
How do we share your information with others?
Links to Third Party Sites
Confidentiality
Your rights
Change to the policy
Contact the FDF
Contacting the data protection regulator
What does this policy cover?
We want you to know what information we may obtain about you when you use Our
Site or any of
our services:
when you browse our Site.
when you register with us on our Site and request information from us.
when you register, or attend, any of our events and are provided with an FDF
Account.
when as a result of your relationship with us, you are provided with an FDF
Account.
when you enter our FDF Awards, competition or survey.
when your company becomes a member of the FDF and you register with our Site as
an
individual and are provided with a FDF Account.
What sort of information does the FDF collect?
We want to be able to provide you with a great experience when using our Site
and protect your
privacy and rights in doing this. We do this by collecting information about
how
you use our services.
When you browse our Site we want to know more about what you might be interested
in and
provide you with the best possible service. We do this by collecting details of
your visits to our Site.
These details may include what browser you are using and any particular web
pages you are
browsing, any resources that you access, the way in which you use our Site and
the time spent on
our Site.
If you are an FDF Account holder you might additionally be provided with access
to a secure part
of our website or members' area. When you browse the main site and the secure,
members' area we
will collect details about your visits in the same way as above but
identifiable
to your FDF Account
details. We may also collect and process the following additional information
about you:
Information that you provide by registering with us: your name, title, job
title, email address,
contact number(s), company name, company address, post code, professional areas
of interests and
work areas;
Information when you subscribe to specific online newsletter services or alerts,
participate in
surveys or consultations and when you respond to requests or provide us with
feedback;
Information if you contact us that we may use to deal with your query, we may
keep a record of
that correspondence and your contact details;
FDF Account holders who are members because their company is a FDF member, will
be
provided with access to a secure part of our website, our FDF members' area. We
will collect the
same information about you as any other FDF Account holder as above and in
addition any
identifiable information about how you use your membership services. A list of
all FDF Account
holders at the same member company is available to that company and those
Account holders.
If we are providing a specific service for you, we may be collecting other
information such as
information that is required to provide you with all our FDF membership
services.
If you have enabled cookies for this website and wish to reset you can disable
them here: Reset (opt-out). Please
also see our Cookies and IP
policy for more details.
How and why do FDF use your information?
We use information that we collect for the following legitimate interests as
part of running our
services as a member organisation, which does not materially impact your
rights,
freedom or
interests:
To respond to your enquiries and contact you about changes regarding our Site
and any new
services that has been developed.
To ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner
for you and for
your computer or device;
To better understand your needs and to improve our Site.
To administer your FDF Account and/or membership with us, including keeping our
FDF Account
holders and membership records up to date.
To complete your online booking for our events or training courses.
To provide you with login details for “My Account” if you are an FDF Account
holder
To provide you with the Site, content and services, such as newsletters and
alerts based on your
preferences that you selected when registering or email alerts you have
selected
through the “My
Account” section of the Site or that you have asked us to add you to.
If you are a member using our Site, we automatically provide you with certain
alert services
including our Monthly Highlights Newsletter, Incident alerts, The Week Ahead,
Benefits and Insights
Newsletter and our alert for general important information for comment across
the membership.
When you subscribe for one of our email newsletter or alert services, the emails
you receive from
us includes a hyperlink or a description of how to remove yourself from further
emails or you can
unsubscribe at any time from the 'My Account' Section of the Site.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about new services and products of ours or
our members
which may be of interest to you.
We will ask about your areas of interest and tailor our marketing information on
this basis of your
consent. You can also provide us with your preferred method of contact, phone,
post and/or email. If
you have given your consent, you can change your preferences at any time. We
will stop sending you
information that you have told us that you aren't interested in.
Legal compliance
We will also use your information, and may share it with other third parties,
where we are required
to do so by law, and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
How do we protect and store your information?
Once we receive your information, we use strict procedures and security measures
to prevent
unauthorised access and to keep your information safe.
If you have a FDF Account you will be issued with login details to access our
services. For your
security, your password will be kept in an encrypted format. You should keep
your login details safe
and secure and they shouldn't be shared with others.
The information that we collect from you is stored on information technology
systems located in
the European Economic Area (EEA) which are operated by our third party service
providers under
our instruction and control. If our service providers transfer any information,
it will be done with
relevant protection in place and only with our agreement.
When purchasing a place at one of our events or training courses on our Site, we
will process
your information for the purpose of completing your order. However, your
payment
details are purely
collected by our payment provider. We do not collect or store personal credit
card information
ourselves on any of our systems.
How long do we will keep your information?
We will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary. We
will endeavour to
keep your information accurate and up to date.
The information that we hold in connection with your FDF Account and/or
membership will be
retained as long as you hold an FDF Account or are a Member. Information with
respect to individual
FDF Accounts will generally be stored no longer than six years following
termination of the Account
and then only as aggregated, anonymous statistical information.
We may hold information for an additional period if we need to by law or for the
exercise or
defence of legal claims.
How do we share your information with others?
We sometimes engage trusted third parties to perform services for us, including
in connection
with the Site, or for the purposes of projects agreed by FDF committees, that
require us to
disclose personally identifiable Information
to them. If we make any
such disclosure, we require those parties to keep the information confidential,
secure and only use it
to perform their services to us.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
If, in the future, we reorganise or transfer all or part of our business; in
which case, we may
need to disclose your information to new entities or third parties through
which
our business will be
carried out.
If we are under a duty to do so in order to comply with any legal obligation.
If it is necessary for the purpose of, or in connection with, the exercise or
defence of any legal
claims.
Other than this we will not share your information with any other third party or
person and we will
never sell your information to any third parties.
Under confidentiality agreements, we may disclose aggregated, anonymous
statistical information
in order to describe our services to prospective members, key stakeholders and
other third parties for
other lawful purposes.
If we stop using the third party services, any of your information held by them
will be disposed of
or anonymised in line with FDF's policies.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our Site contains content, services and other materials that link to website(s)
operated by third
parties. We have no control over those other websites, and this Privacy Policy
does not apply to
them. We encourage you to refer to the privacy policies of those sites.
Confidentiality
If you receive information via the password-protected members only area and/or
sent via email
alerts from our Site you should treat that as confidential to FDF members and
FDF Account holders
only.
Unless permission has been given by the FDF as set out in the Terms of Use, no information or documents from the
password protected members area should be passed in any form to individuals or
organisations that
are not FDF members or have not explicitly be granted access to the
information.
Your rights
You are entitled to access the information we hold about you. You have the right
to contact us to
request a copy of the personal information that we hold, to change it, correct
it, delete it or object to
us processing it. Please do so by contacting us at webmaster@fdf.org.uk – to
protect the
confidentiality of your information you may be asked to provide us with proof
of
your identity.
If you have a FDF Account, you have the right to amend your details yourself at
any time. You
can also change your marketing preferences and subscribe or unsubscribe from
any
alerts or
newsletters on our Site via the “My Account” section of the FDF members' area
of
the Site or you can
tell us to correct or change any of your preferences on your behalf by
contacting webmaster@fdf.org.uk.
Changes to the policy
It is likely that we will need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
This policy was last
updated on [14th May 2018]. We will publicise any changes on our Site.
Contact the FDF
Questions, requests or complaints about our Site or regarding this Privacy
Policy are welcomed
and should be emailed to webmaster@fdf.org.uk
or mailed to the Head of
Corporate
Services, Digital,
IT and Management Services at the address below.
Company Registration Information
Food and Drink Federation
6th Floor
10 Bloomsbury Way
London, WC1A 2SL
Registration number: 210572
VAT number: 761253541
Data protection registration number: Z5059917
Contacting the data protection regulator
If you feel your data has not been handled correctly, you have the right to
lodge a complaint with
the Information Commissioner's Office,
www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
Last reviewed: 14 Aug 2018
Bookmark this page:
Follow us:
Copyright © 2020 Food and Drink Federation - www.fdf.org.uk
Site mapNewsletterAccessibilityCookiesTerms and conditionsPrivacy policyContact usHome