http://www.winespectator.com/pages/privacy-policy
Holiday Special: Give 2 Wine Spectator Gift Subscriptions for the Price of 1!
Ratings
Insider Weekly
Wine IQ
News
Wine & Culture
Events
Food
Restaurants
Video
Top 100
Search
— About Us —
Privacy Policy
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Job Opportunities
Privacy Policy
Wine Spectator is published by M. Shanken Communications. This privacy policy covers our website, WineSpectator.com, and email newsletters, as well as other digital products, including apps.
Our postal address is:
Wine Spectator
825 Eighth Avenue
33rd Floor
New York, N.Y. 10019
We can be reached via email at wsonline@mshanken.com or by telephone at (212) 684-4224.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website, email newsletters and other digital products, used to notify consumers about updates to our website, e-letters and other digital products, and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes. We do not share the information with other organizations for any purpose.
When you set up a WineSpectator.com account, register for an e-letter or install an app or other digital product, we may ask for your name, email and/or ZIP code and for your permission to send you email. We do allow you to opt out. You may receive periodic mailings from us with information on products and services or upcoming events.
If at any time you no longer wish to receive such mailings from us, you may unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of the emails. Or you may let us know by calling, writing or sending an email to us telling us that you do not want to receive mail or email from our company anymore. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from our lists for such purposes.
In some cases, you may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders you have placed online or your WineSpectator.com member account. We will only contact you by phone on an as-needed basis. Your phone number will not be used for solicitations.
Third-Party Advertising
Any ads appearing on our website are delivered to you by a third-party advertising solution. In the course of serving advertisements to our website, our third-party advertising solution may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. We do not collect any personal information such as name, address etc.
Popular Posts
Popular Posts
Top 100
The Countdown Begins! Wines 6 & 5
Dec 10, 2020
Wine IQ
The Right Notes: A Wine and Song Quiz
Dec 7, 2020
News
Mediterranean Diet, Including Wine, Linked to Lower Risk of Diabetes
Taylor McBride
Dec 8, 2020
2020 Gift Guide: Editors’ Favorite Wine Accessories
Nov 16, 2020
Sign Up for Free Email Newsletters
Sign up for Wine Spectator’s Free Email Newsletters and stay up-to-date with all things wine.
Sign Up
WineRatings+
Restaurant Search