http://www.menstruation.com.au/privacypolicy.html
MENU
Charting Cycles
Charting your Menstrual Cycle
Know your body
Charting Tools to use
How do I know I am fertile? Pt 1
How do I know I am fertile? Pt 2
Charting Basics
Free Ovulation Charting Software
Chart menstrual cycle with Moon Diary
Hormonal Forecaster Charting Software Download
Astrological Calendar
Free Paper Charting system
Late or Irregular Period
Could I be pregnant?
Help I think I'm pregnant
Irregular menstrual cycles
Early Pregnancy Signs
Remedies for Irregularity
Use the moon to regulate cycle
Irregularity FAQ's
Avoid STD's
Pregnancy/Due date calculator
Puberty
Changes during Puberty
What's Normal?
What do I use? Pads, Tampons?
Moon and Moods
Periods, Petting and Pregnancy
Puberty Girl
Parents Guide
FAQs
Male Puberty Stages
Menstrual Basics
The Period Pages
How does menstruation happen each month?
Glossary of menstrual terms.
Why is menstruation Important in a womans life
Foods for healthy menstrual cycles
First Blood or Menarche
Healthy Menstrual Diet
Menstrual Synchrony
General Fertility
Fertility Index
Two Fertile times?
Fertility signals
Cervical Mucus
More on Mucus
Basal Temperature
Abdominal Sacral Massage
Pregnancy Signs
Maca Powder and fertility
Oncore Aphrodisiac Personal Lubricant Gel
Libido and your cycle
Hormones are amazing
Estrogen
What is Stress Incontinence?
Progesterone
FSH and LH
Stress Incontinence Solutions
Fertility FAQs
Natural Fertility Methods
About Vibrational Essences
STD List and symptoms
Chlamydia
Trying to Conceive
Sperm Friendly Lubricant
How to get pregnant
How does conception occur?
Meaningful Charting
Increasing the odds
the Pill and TTC
Increase Female Fertility
Increase Male Fertility
Diet guidelines when TTC
Mind Body Connection
Affirmations and getting pregnant
Stress Management
Complimentary Therapies
Ovulation Prediction Kits
Ezy Nappy
Smoking and fertility
Prolonging Fertility
Dance of the Womb Book DVD
Breastfeeding
Physiology of Breastfeeding
Breastfeeding Basics 1
Breastfeeding Basics 2
Is Breast Best for Baby?
Ovulation after Breastfeeding
A personal story
Breastfeeding Skill Recognised
Baby Dummies - Urgent Action
Contraception
Contraceptive choices
Barrier Methods
Why condom size matters
Spermicide - more harm than good
Hormonal Methods
More on the Pill
Avoid pregnancy naturally
Lunar Fertility
The Lunar Cycle
Two fertile times?
Lunar Fertility History
Lunar Fertile angle explained
What is my lunar fertile time?
Moon Cycles and women
Lunar Phases astrologically
Recognising Lunar Phases
The Moon
Charting with the moon
Moon influences fertility
Lunar ready Reckoner
Time Zone conversion
What is astrology?
Menstrual issues
Healthy Vaginas
All about Pap Smears
Pregnancy and Irregularity FAQ
Candida and Menstruation
Ovulation vs Menstruation
Taking care of your breasts
Beauty and the breast Part 1
Frequently Asked Questions or FAQ's
Beauty and the Breast part 2
Watch out for Low Iron Levels
ROR Vibrational Essences
PMS
PMS Friend or Foe?
Some more on PMS
Beating the menstrual blues.
PMS Types
PMS and Orgasms
The Tao of Reducing PMS
Relieve Period Pain with Warmth
Vitamins give PMS relief
Biogest Herbal Skin Cream for the relief of PMS symptoms
Living with PMDD
Menopause
Menopause Facts
Menopause Treatment
Treating Hot Flushes Naturally
Maca Powder and Menopause
Maca Powder and Menopause
Art of Energetic Menopause
The Tai Chi of Menopause
Is it me or my hormones?
Alternative view on menopause
The Secret Pleasures of Menopause
Spiritual Menopause
Yoga and Menopause
Yoga for uterine prolapse
Body Image
Genital Cosmetic Surgery
Pads and Tampons
What do I use? Pads, Tampons?
TSS
Stop Stains - Wear Period Pants
Tampons and Asbestos - Fact or Fiction?
Period Stain Removal Guide
Asbestos and Tampons - copy of Email Hoax
Calculate how much money you spend on Disposables?
Never buy Pads Again
Other Tampon Alternatives
Female Energy Cycle
The Female Energy Cycle
How does FEC work?
What is an archetype?
Virgin Archetype
Mother
Enchantress
Crone
Benefits of using FEC
Ovulation Vs Menstruation
Contributors
Have your say
Invitation to become an Urban Priestess
Temple of the Blood CD
Slapping our daughters
Without Dad Little girls grow up too fast
Wombmoon Woman
Myth, Magic and mystery
Moon Song Spinning Wheel
What is aromatherapy
History of Aromatherapy
Awesome Women
Erotic Menstruation
TV and menstruation
Menstrual Workshops
Moonsong Workshops
Bleedin Woman Pt 1
Bleedin' Woman Pt 2 Biblical bodies and shame
Victorian Men, Women and Menstruation
Modernist Advertising
Postmodern products
New day for women
Bleedin Wom Bibliography
Poetry ARIANROHD (Welsh moon; goddess of the Celts)
Funny / Inspirational
Opinions on advertising
Maca, More than Menopause
Pink Ribbon Ride
Towards Menstruation
Spiritual Messages
Site Info
About Us
Email Us
Legal Information
Privacy Policy
My Story
Other menstrual internet Links
Privacy Policy
menstruation.com.au ("the Site") appreciates that privacy is very important to people. The Site has adopted this Privacy Policy as we recognise the right of our members, sponsors and other stakeholders to keep their personal information private. This Privacy Policy covers the Site's treatment of personally identifiable information that we collect or hold. Like many other organisations, the Site must comply with the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act when dealing with personal information.
Any personal information you provide to menstruation.com.au will never be shared outside of menstruation.com.au. This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand how information is collected and what could be done with that information.
menstruation.com.au is fully owned and operated by Nadian Pty Ltd Business transactions are conducted under menstruation.com.au
Owner and Data Controller
Nadian Pty Ltd, PO BOcx 5197 South Murwillumbah NSW 2484
Owner contact email:CONTACT EMAIL
What information is collected, how and why
Purpose
We may ask for information from you when you register for an event or program, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, request a resource, or respond to a survey or marketing communication. We ask for this information:
To allow us to provide a more customized service or communication.
To offer a contest, promotion, survey or training event
To follow up with you after an email, phone or web-based inquiry
Types of Information
Personal information – Personal information is only collected with your consent when you provide it to us.  This would include your name and email you submitted so that you could receive communication from us on the subject of womens health.
Emails include delivery of specific digital information you have requested.  Fulfillment of your requested order may include related follow-up communication or informational updates to the order.
Purchasing or registration information – When you purchase goods or services from the Site, or register for a training or coaching program, we collect the information necessary to process the transaction, such as credit card information, full address and telephone number.
Credit card and Paypal information are not maintained by the Site, as they are processed through a third-party payment processor.
Non-personal information – The website collects non-personal information such as a domain name and IP address. These reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you accessed the website. This information is used for internal purposes to maintain, evaluate and improve the service of the Site.
Security
The security of your information is protected. When you enter personal or financial information on a Site order form, it is encrypted with secure socket layer technology (SSL).
Although we follow accepted industry standards to protect your personal information, no method of transmission or storage over the Internet is 100% secure.  It is up to you to be careful where you submit your personal information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are used to provide a more customized experience when you visit a website. While we may use cookies, they are not used to store personal information.
You can control how you accept cookies using instructions in your browser. If you choose not to accept cookies, you can still browse and use the Site. For more information about cookies, please view our cookie policy here.
Disclosure or sharing of information to outside third parties
The Site will not share, sell or give away the information we collect to outside parties for any marketing purposes whatsoever.  This includes third parties who may promote menstruation.com.au services as our affiliates.
Privacy when you access third-party websites
You may be able to access third-party websites directly from the Site, or from our emails. This Privacy Policy does not extend to third-party sites, as we have no control over what others do with your information. We suggest you review their privacy policy before revealing information to other sites.
Your rights under the GDPR
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Website collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies, Usage Data, and information provided by you through our webforms that may include First Name, Last Name, Phone Number, Address and Email Address.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Website.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Website or by the owners of third-party services used by this Website serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy.
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Website (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Services, as well as for the following purposes: Analytics, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, Content commenting, Remarketing and behavioral targeting, Contacting the User, Displaying content from external platforms, Handling payments and Managing contacts and sending messages.
Users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing and about the specific Personal Data used for each purpose in the respective sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS (GOOGLE INC.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
FACEBOOK ADS CONVERSION TRACKING (FACEBOOK, INC.)
Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on this Website.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Contacting the User
CONTACT FORM (THIS WEBSITE)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes this Website to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
MAILING LIST OR NEWSLETTER (THIS WEBSITE)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Website. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Website or after making a purchase.
Content commenting
Content commenting services allow Users to make and publish their comments on the contents of this Website.
Depending on the settings chosen by the Owner, Users may also leave anonymous comments. If there is an email address among the Personal Data provided by the User, it may be used to send notifications of comments on the same content. Users are responsible for the content of their own comments.
If a content commenting service provided by third parties is installed, it may still collect web traffic data for the pages where the comment service is installed, even when Users do not use the content commenting service.
FACEBOOK COMMENTS (FACEBOOK, INC.)
Facebook Comments is a content commenting service provided by Facebook, Inc. enabling the User to leave comments and share them on the Facebook platform.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
COMMENT SYSTEM MANAGED DIRECTLY (THIS WEBSITE)
This Website has its own internal content comment system.
Personal Data collected: email address and first name.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Website.
The interaction and information obtained through this Website are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
TWITTER TWEET BUTTON AND SOCIAL WIDGETS (TWITTER, INC.)
The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
FACEBOOK LIKE BUTTON AND SOCIAL WIDGETS (FACEBOOK, INC.)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
LINKEDIN BUTTON AND SOCIAL WIDGETS (LINKEDIN CORPORATION)
The LinkedIn button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the LinkedIn social network provided by LinkedIn Corporation.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Infusionsoft
Infusionsoft is an email address management and message sending service.
Personal Data collected: email address, first name, last name, address and phone number when provided via webform.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
This type of service allows this Website and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Website by the User.
This activity is performed by tracking Usage Data and by using Cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
FACEBOOK REMARKETING (FACEBOOK, INC.)
Facebook Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this Website with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
FACEBOOK CUSTOM AUDIENCE (FACEBOOK, INC.)
Facebook Custom Audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this Website with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and email address.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
The rights of Users
You have the right to request access to the data that we have, to rectify it and to erase your information from our database. If your data is not removed upon your request, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority that has jurisdiction over issues related to the General Data Protection Regulation.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The Site may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting the amended version on our website at http://www.menstruation.com.au. We suggest that you visit our website regularly to keep up to date with any changes.
Contacting us and "Opting Out" notification
If you would like any further information, or have any queries, problems or complaints relating to the Site's Privacy Policy or our information handling practices in general, please contact our Privacy Officer by e-mail, telephone, facsimile or post at the addresses appearing below:
email
Mail: PO Box 5197 South Murwillumbah NSW 2484
Please Note: Please notify the Site if you do not wish to receive marketing information or do not wish to have your contact details provided to third parties for the communication of product and services information. If you do not notify the Site otherwise, you are deemed to have confirmed your agreement, and that of those persons you represent, to the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
By Nadia MacLeod
Home
Contact Us
Legals
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Thank you for visiting menstruation.com.au - Copyright 1999 - 2018 N MacLeod - All Rights Reserved.
The Information on this website is general in nature and is not intended as a substitute for proper medical care.