http://www.acu-cell.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy & Disclaimer
Information presented on acu-cell.com is based on personal, clinical research, as well as information publicly available from various resources. It is offered to other researchers or health professionals who share an interest in cellular / nutritional medicine, and it may be explored for educational purposes by non-medical individuals. The information however is not intended for self-treatment, diagnosis, prevention or cure of any disease or health condition, or to substitute the care of a physician and/or other health care provider.
Acu-cell.com does not sell any products or services, it does NOT give advice on any products and services, and it can not give personal advice on someone's medical conditions. The information presented on acu-cell.com is provided "as is" with the understanding that the owner is not engaged in rendering medical advice or recommendations.
Visitors are advised to use the information presented on acu-cell.com, and the information presented by its advertisers, at their own risk. No warranty, expressed or implied, is given as to the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, errors, or omissions of any information presented, and the owner assumes no liability for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages as well as any circumstance for any complication, injuries, side effects or other medical accidents to person or property arising from, or in connection with the use or reliance upon any information contained herein, or pages linked therefrom.
Acu-cell.com and its owner assume no responsibility or liability for any damages, or viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, browsing, or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from this Web site.
Acu-cell.com and its owner are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or update to such sites. The inclusion of any link does not imply any endorsement by acu-cell.com, and it makes no representations or claims as to the quality, content and accuracy of the information, services, products, messages which may be provided by such resources, and specifically disclaims any warranties, including but not limited to implied or express warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular usage, application or purpose.
By visiting acu-cell.com, you, the visitor, signify your assent to these terms and conditions of use. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions of use, do not use this Web site. If any provision of these terms and conditions of use shall be determined to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability or any remaining provisions.
The information contained on acu-cell.com and the terms of use are subject to change without notice.
Information provided on acu-cell.com is protected by Copyright. Permission is given to quote any content, provided the information is credited by a link to acu-cell.com
Acu-cell Analysis research is pioneered by Dr. Ronald Roth
Manganese may help with some symptoms of Parkinson's disease such as muscle rigidity and twitching...
Research shows that phytosterols such as beta-sitosterol may help normalize the function of natural killer cells and T-helper lymphocytes...
Iron deficiency may be suspect with some forms of ADHD. 84% of children with ADHD were found to have abnormally low levels of ferritin...
A high intake of B Vitamins can trigger heart palpitations, HBP, major complications in patients with congestive heart disease...
Calcium
Bismuth
Fluoride
Chromium
Nickel
Germanium
Tin
Iron
Vanadium
Phosphorus
Zinc
Selenium
Boron
Magnesium
Lithium
Chloride
Copper
Cobalt
Silicon
Iodine
Manganese
Molybdenum
Sodium
Potassium
Sulfur
Bromine
Strontium
Mineral Ratios
B-Vitamins & Interactions
Vitamin C Supplementation
Vitamin C / E / B12 / B15 Interactions
Tin - Health Effects
Bioflavonoids & Polyphenols
Sterols, Sterolins & Beta-Sitosterol
DRI / RDA B-Vitamins
DRI / RDA Vitamin C / E / B12 / B15
DRI / RDA Nickel / Cobalt
DRI / RDA Calcium / Magnesium
DRI / RDA Vitamin A / D / K
Conditions & Diseases A - G
Conditions & Diseases H - Z
ADD-ADHD-Behavioral Problems
ALS / Lou Gehrig's Disease
Alzheimer's Disease
Bone Loss / Osteoporosis
Cancer
Prostatitis & BPH
H. Pylori & low Stomach Acid
Hypoglycemia / Low Blood Sugar
Migraine Headaches
Muscle Spasms & Cramps
Chocolate & Cocoa Benefits?
Vegetarianism - Pros and Cons
Eat Right For Your Blood Type Diet
High / Low Carb-Fat-Protein Diets
Sugars / Glycemic Index, Load, Satiety and Health Effects
Coral Calcium / AdvaCal / Random Self-Supplementation
Myths & Misconceptions
Natural Cold & Flu Remedies
About Cellular Nutrition