http://www.kabalarians.com/cfm/legally-change-your-name.cfm
Home
NameReports
Analyze a First Name
Free Name Report
Video: Why Names Matter
Testimonials
What is a Balanced Name?
Retrieve Name Report
What Does My Birthday Say?
Personal Names
Analyze My Name
Meaning of Last Name
Tell a Friend
Baby Names
Baby Name Meanings
Analyze Baby Name
Analysis of Top 100
3000 Most Used Male Names
3000 Most Used Female Names
BalancedNames
Benefits
Video: Balanced Name -
— The Key for Change
Testimonials
Order Name Recommendation
Adult
Baby / Newborn
All Options
Video: Birthpath - Inner Potential
Video: Change Your Name -     Change Your Life
Video: Why Choose a     Balanced Name
Video: How a Balanced Name
Changed My Life
All Video Podcasts
BusinessMore success
Choosing Business Names
Free Business Name Analysis
Balanced Business Names
6 Business Names Analyzed
Business Name Design Package
Animal Names
PhilosophyThe Why of Life
The Why of Life
The Power in a Name
Kabalarian Ethics of Right Thinking
Audios / Video Podcasts
Video Channel
General Articles
Who and What is God?
Book Excerpts
Principle of Cycles
Life is Short - Free Book Download
Analysis of Commonly Used Names
Common Questions
General FAQ
About UsWho are we
What is the Kabalarian Philosophy
Contact Us
Meet the Staff
History
Event Calendar
Kabalarian Philosophy
A Guide to Life
Society of Kabalarians
Kabalarian Ethics of Right Thinking
Mission Statement
Logo: Wheel of Life
Centres
Vancouver, Canada
Calgary, Canada
Edmonton, Canada
Stadskanaal, Holland
Privacy Policy
Store
Products
Name Recommendations
Adult
Spouse
Child
Baby / Newborn
All Options
Courses and Seminars
Life Analysis Training
Cycle Management Training
Healthy Living
How To Be Mentally Free
Live Classes and Weekend Seminars
Cycle Charts
The Cyclic Law - Cycle Charts
Order Cycle Charts
Books
Other Products
CD's
Audio Books
Name Report - Free - Online
Name Report - Printed
Premium Website Membership
View My Shopping Cart
SHARE:
google
facebook
email
printer
twitter
pinterest
Analyze a First Name
History
Reviews
Free Name Report
Why Names Matter: Video
Balanced Name
Kabalarian Philosophy
Legally Change Your Name
How to legally change your name is one of the most important actions you can take.
At this point you may not realize just how much a name change will affect
your life but after reading the material on this site, we hope you will
see a name change in a new light. If you have said to yourself, "I
want to change my name", this site will help you to make the change
so you gain the most benefit.
Imagine having a name that buoys your self-confidence, is in harmony with your
life's purpose, enhances everything you experience, boosts your creativity,
makes a positive impression whenever someone hears it, including yourself,
and helps you lead a happier, more peaceful, and fulfilling life.
This is what having a balanced name can do for you! And our Balanced Name
Recommendation service will help you find the name that's right for you.
Based on the information you provide us, we'll formulate an array of possibilities
from which you can select a name that can deliver all of the above benefits.
Consider these steps when making this important decision on a change
of name:
Read the brief analysis of
your first name or call us for a free brief analysis at 1-866-489-1188
on your full names. Click here for details and access times.
Order a free Name and Birth Date Report for an analysis of all your names and inner potential.
Watch and read the testimonials on the benefits of a Balanced Name.
Order your Balance Name Recommendation package
below.
In consultation with us, choose a new name from the selections of
recommended balanced names we will prepare just for you.
Make a legal change through your vital statistics department in
your state or province.
What is a Balanced Name?
A balanced name is one that's in harmony with your birth date, which determines your natural purpose
or calling in life. Such a name allows you to take total advantage of the positive traits you were
born with and achieve your full potential, something your present name might be inhibiting you from doing.
Establishing a balanced name is the essential first step in overcoming
the limitations and disharmony created by your current names. Then,
as you strive to understand and live to the natural laws of life under
a balanced name, your ideals and experiences will become relative to
your true purpose.
A balanced name has the potential to permit the full expression of your birthpath or purpose in life.
Just as a painter, given a full palette of colours from which to choose can create all the subtle shades of
colour in a painting, with your new name, you can draw from the many strengths to create constructive changes
in your life.
Living and expressing your intrinsic qualities brings greater happiness, peace of mind, and
success into your life.
What Will a Balanced Name Do?
Enhance Strengths
A balanced name creates mental strengths. You will not lose any of your
current positive characteristics, qualities, and
abilities. In fact, a balanced name will enhance your already established
strengths.
Channel Your Purpose
Like grafting a beautiful rose stem on to a robust rootstock to produce
a better rose, the new name will allow you to channel your purpose
in life (measured from your birth date) into new outlets that will
bring greater accomplishment, fulfillment, and contentment into your
life.
Create Greater Success
A balanced name will create greater stability and success in your
financial affairs and projects.
Diminish Weaknesses
Through the use of a balanced name weaknesses inherent in
your current names will diminish. If your current names create lack
of confidence, you will grow past this weakness as you become more
confident by using your balanced name. If your present names create
discontent, you will lose this weakness and become happier. If your
names create an over-emotional nature, you will move past this weakness
as you gain greater stability and self-discipline. You will become happier,
healthier, and more successful.
Types of Names We Recommend
In considering a Balanced Name Recommendation for you, we look at your current
names to see if we can make a modification (if possible) as well as
recommending other balanced name choices.
Ideally, a balanced first name should be paired with a balanced last name for the greatest benefit.
Sometimes this requires only minor changes to your present name. In other cases, a complete name change
may be advised. If you're considering changing your name, it makes every bit of sense to get the professional
advice and personal guidance of our Balanced Name Recommendation Service.
In your Balanced Name Recommendation the name choices
are a compilation of common names, spelling modifications of
common names, and other unique and different names.
Cultural Name Options
If you require a balanced name from a specific cultural background
we will work with you to create your balanced name around this request.
Family Last Names
For families ordering Balanced Name Recommendations we will work
with you so that each family member can use the same last name.
Balanced Name Recommendation Package Includes:
Balanced Name Recommendations
Choice of 30 to 50 first names
Choice of 30 to 50 last names
Includes unique and different names, conventional names and spelling modifications of conventional names
Evaluation of your current names to see if we can modify them to achieve a Balanced Name
Incorporate any cultural and ethnic preferences you have and work to establish name consistency within your family
Signature Recommendations
Best business signatures to ensure stability and success in your business projects and affairs
Best personal signatures
One hour of consultation support to assist you with your Balanced Name Recommendation. Your consultation time can be used through one or several calls or via email.
Help you in choosing names from the recommended lists
Work with you until you find the name that suits you
Advice on Changing Your Name
How best to establish your new name
Changing identity cards
Presenting your new name to others
Bonuses:
Balanced Name Certificate issued after you have confirmed your selection of first name, last name, and
signatures
Analysis of Recommended Balanced Names
Special Bonus: Free 3-month Cycle Chart based on your birth date
to plan, act, and make decisions with confidence.
Ordering my Name Change Package
Order Balanced Name Recommendation
Thought for the Day
I would rather be ashes than dust; I would rather that my spark should burn out in a brillant blaze than it should be stifled by dry-rot; I would rather be in a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow than in a sleepy and permanent planet; the proper function of man is to live, not to exist; I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them; I shall USE my time.
–Jack London
There is nothing in life harder to learn than the lesson of service to your fellowman--to love him for what he is. It is easy to love yourself, but it is hard to love someone else.
–Alfred J. Parker
Look only for accomplishment; you could not desire or accept less. Know that the only creative power in this universe is mind; therefore, fulfillment is the result of mental concentration.
–Alfred J. Parker
From the time of Kepler to that of Newton, and from Newton to Hartley, not only all things in external nature, but the subtlest
mysteries of life and organization, and even of the intellect and moral being, were conjured within the magic circle of mathematical formulae.
–Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Link to master list of quotes
So, what is it like to change your name?
"I feel like a different person. It's hard to remember how 'heavy'
life had felt before the new name changed all of that for me."
"I now have courage to do things that I have always wanted to do and become a better person."
"I felt a real freedom within myself. I became more expressive and happier with
myself and with life in general."
"The Society Kabalarians of Canada have been extremely supportive.
It was refreshing to see this much light in a group of people when darkness is so easy to find."
Reviews
Who today can benefit from a name change? Virtually anyone!
Now, men and women from all walks of life have discovered the life-long advantages of changing their
names: professors, lawyers, CPAs, engineers, architects, writers, business owners...
What about you?
What would be your ideal name? Now you can find out.
support@kabalarians.com
Join Weekly Newsletter List
Email Address
Social Networks
Email
YouTube
Skype
Copyright © 2020 Society of Kabalarians of Canada All rights reserved.
Ver: B - www.kabalarians.com - EdgeNew
HOME
TOP