http://www.gardenstew.com/pages/privacy/
Sign up
Log in
GardenStew
Forums
>
Privacy Policy
GardenStew.com respects your right to privacy and this privacy policy reflects this.
1. Email Addresses
We require your email address upon registration. Your email will never be shared with any third party. The e-mail address is used only for confirming your registration details and password, sending new passwords should you forget your current one and sending emails based on your Contact Detail Preferences.
2. Cookies
This website uses cookies (what are cookies?) to enhance your enjoyment of the website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and are sent to this website whenever you visit. You need to have cookies enabled to use the website effectively. No email addresses or any personal data is stored in these cookies. Some of our business partners will also use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However we have no access to or control over these cookies once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising.
3. IP Address
Your IP address is a number that is unique to your computer on your current ISP's network. Our site records this number so that we can enforce our terms and rules should they be seriously violated e.g. where material posted breaks any applicable law.
4. Web Server Logs / Statistics
Like most websites, we keep a running record of what pages are requested on our site. Our web server logs contain information about what pages are most popular, and how many pages are viewed in a given time period. GardenStew.com also makes use of external web statistic services Google Analytics and StatCounter.
5. Advertisers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These advertisements may contain cookies that are collected by the advertising companies but we do not have access to this information. We work with these companies: Google Adsense, etc. Please check their websites for respective privacy policies.
DoubleClick DART Cookie:
The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on this website. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your visits to this site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
6. Account Deletion
For account deletion requests please contact GardenStew.com directly.
This Privacy Policy was last revised on the 25th May 2018
Your name or email address:
Do you already have an account?
No, create an account now.
Yes, my password is:
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
GardenStew
Forums
>