https://www.adoptionadvocates.net/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyAdoption Advocates2020-07-15T13:08:16-05:00
Privacy PolicyOnline Privacy Policy Only.  This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our Website and not to information collected offline or via email, mail, fax, telephone, or in any other way, except as specified above. Each time you use this Website or the services, you agree to the Privacy Policy.
Collected Information:  Adoption Advocates, Inc. (“Adoption Advocates,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collect information from you when you access our website(s) located at www.adoptionadvocates.net and its affiliated pages, information, and content (the “Website”), create an account, or submit a request for additional information, or contact us using the online form.  When requesting information or completing the online form, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or other information.  You may visit our general Website without entering this information.
AdoptionAdvocates.net receives and stores certain types of information whenever you visit our website through the use of “cookies.” A “cookie” is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system and is used to provide you with tailored information from a website. In most instances, you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you a chance to decide whether to accept it. We use cookies to improve your overall on-line experience with Adoption Advocates.
In many cases, the information we collect using cookies and other tools, including Google Analytics, is used in non-identifiable ways, without any reference to personal information. For example, we may use information we collect about Website users to optimize our Website and understand its traffic and usage patterns. In other cases, we associate the information we collect using cookies and related technologies with personal information, and in that case, this Privacy Policy governs how we use that information. Read more about how Google uses information from sites that use their services.
E-mail Information: If you chose to correspond with us through e-mail, we reserve the right to retain the content of your e-mail messages together with your e-mail addresses and our responses.
Limited Disclosure of Information:  We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer your Personal Information to outside parties. We may release Personal Information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; to defend ourselves in litigation or a regulatory action; to effect a merger, acquisition, or otherwise to support the sale or transfer of business assets; to enforce our Website policies; or to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Use of Information:  Personal Information submitted to Adoption Advocates through online means may be used in the following ways:
Contact users to provide information or fulfill other related requests
Register new users of our Website
Operate and improve our Website
Provide clients with relevant information based on variables such as stated and anticipated client interests, personal characteristics, or location
Evaluate eligibility of clients for certain services
Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about Adoption Advocates, such as news, announcements, and educational and marketing materials
Send you reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages service bulletins, or marketing messages
Manage our everyday business needs such as Website administration, forum management, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations, Terms of Use, or to comply with applicable local, state, federal, and international laws
We may use non-personally identifiable visitor information without restriction. You have the right to opt out of receiving marketing communications from Adoption Advocates by clicking the Unsubscribe link.
Protection of Information: We implement a variety of security measures to reasonably safeguard Personal Information when you submit Personal Information to Adoption Advocates; however, we do not guarantee or warrant that the security measures cannot be breached.
Review, Correction or Deletion of Information:  If you want to review the Personal Information that you have provided to Adoption Advocates online, or if you want Adoption Advocates to correct or delete such Personal Information that is stored in Adoption Advocates’ database, please submit your request in writing to:
Adoption Advocates Inc.1801 W. Koenig LaneAustin, TX 78756
Or
info@adoptionadvocates.net
Changes to Our Privacy Policy:  Adoption Advocates may change its Privacy Policy from time to time and in Adoption Advocates’ sole discretion.  We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to our Privacy Policy.  If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or email you regarding the changes. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be effective upon the revised Privacy Policy being publicly available for viewing at the Website; the date the Privacy Policy was last revised is posted at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Last Revised July 15, 2020
Go to Top