http://www.kitchens.com/pages/privacy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Consent Settings
WHITE PICKET MEDIA PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date:
July 21, 2019
1. Introduction
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is intended to provide you with the specific details about how White Picket Media, Inc. (“WPM,” “we,” and “us”) collects and processes your personal data and personally identifiable information through your use of the WPM Services (“Services”). The Services include the features available at Kitchens.com, Home.Love, and any applications, software, accounts, or related services. WPM is the data processor and data controller of all information collected through the Services.
You understand and agree that WPM may store and process your Personal Information on computers located outside of the European Union, including, but not limited to, in the United States. By using the Services, you agree to the collection and processing of your Personal Information outside of the European Union.
By providing WPM with your personal or personally identifiable data and using the Services, you warrant that you are over the age of eighteen (18) or otherwise above the age of majority within your jurisdiction. If you are younger than eighteen (18) or the age of majority within your jurisdiction, please do not use the WPM Services and please do not provide personal information to us.
2. Personal Information Collected
Through your use of and access to the Services, we may collect personal or personally identifiable information from you (“PII”). PII may include any information capable of identifying an individual, but it does not include anonymized data.
We may collect and process the following categories of PII about you:
Communication Data. Communication data includes any communications that you may send to us through the Services, email, or social media. We process this data to communicate with you, to record logs of our communication, and to store information to respond to legal claims.
User Data. User data includes data about how you use the Services and any data that you post to or authorize through the Services. We collect and process this data to operate the Services and to ensure that timely and relevant content is provided to you, to secure the Services, and to maintain backups of the Services.
Technical Data. Technical data includes data about your use of the Services, such as your IP address, your login data, your phone number, your operating system, your geolocation, and your time zone. WPM may collect this data from your use of the Services and from advertising IDs. WPM processes this data to analyze your use of the Services, to administer and secure the Services, to provide location-relevant content, to deliver relevant content and advertisements, and to understand the effectiveness of WPM’s advertisements.
Marketing Data. Marketing data includes data about your preferences in receiving information from and interacting with the Services, such as whether you would like to subscribe to the WPM’s newsletters. WPM collects this data from your use of the Services.
Personally Sensitive Data. WPM does not collect or use personally sensitive data in the Services.
WPM obtains your consent to collect and process your data each time you provide any PII. WPM will only use your PII for the purpose for which it was collected. In the event that WPM needs to use your PII for an unrelated new purpose, WPM will obtain your consent for this use. WPM may process your PII without your knowledge or consent where required or permitted by law.
WPM does not use your PII to automatically make any decisions or to create an automated profile about you.
3. When and Why Data is Collected
We collect and store information from or about you when you directly provide it to us. This happens when you:
register or create an account (e.g., your name);
purchase services or products (e.g., your billing information, including your address and credit card number);
request assistance from our customer support team (e.g., your phone number);
complete contact forms, request newsletters or other information, or participate in contests and surveys (e.g., your email address);
create a public profile, communicate with other users and third-parties through the Site, and make public contributions to the Site (e.g., the profile photo you upload, or comments you post); or
otherwise participate in activities we promote that require information about you.
We also may collect Data automatically, when you use and interact with the Services. Automatically collected information includes:
your general activity on the Site (e.g., your viewing history and search activity, including the date and time the Site was used);
identifiers such as an anonymized session identifier;
your geographic location. We use this data to provide you with location-based services (such as advertising and personalized content). Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the use of location services for applications in the device's settings;
website traffic volume, frequency of visits, and type and time of transactions you initiate through the Site (e.g., when you create an account);"
information regarding your interaction with email messages (e.g., whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded an email message);
your Internet Protocol (IP) address;
the type and settings of the device, operating system, and browser used to access the Site; and
other information gathered through cookies and similar technologies, which are discussed further in the fourth section of this Privacy Policy, entitled "Cookies and Similar Technologies".
We use the PII we collect in order to provide you and excellent experience when accessing the Services and to operate our business. We may integrate with social sharing features or other related tools which let you share actions you take on through our Services with other apps, sites or media, and vice versa. These features may enable the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the social sharing site. For example, you may click on a Facebook "like" button, which publishes to your Facebook account that you "like" one of the pictures or profiles featured through our Services. These features may also collect your IP address and which page you are visiting and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interaction with these features is governed by the privacy policy of the relevant social sharing site. Please refer to the privacy policies of those social sharing sites for more information. As stated herein, we cannot control the use of any such information or content you choose to make available publicly.
WPM does not sell PII or Data to third parties.
4. Collection of Data From Third Parties
WPM may collect data about you through cookies and other technologies. This helps WPM understand how you use the Services and to understand any patterns that may be associated with your use of the Services. This aids WPM in developing or improving its Services in response to your needs or wants.
WPM may use session or persistent cookies. Session cookies are only stored on your computer or mobile device during your use of the Services and are automatically deleted when you close your web browser. Persistent cookies are stored as a file on your computer or mobile device that remain on your computer or mobile device even after you close your web browser. Persistent cookies can be read by the Services that created the cookie when you revisit it again. WPM may use persistent cookies when it utilizes Google Analytics or other analytics providers, which is intended to track the origin and behavior of traffic to the Services. You can control cookies by modifying the settings of your web browser or to request your permission each time a site attempts to set a cookie. You can also manually delete previously stored cookies. Please note that if you choose to block cookies, doing so may impair the functionality of our Services.
WPM may also receive data from third parties including analytics providers or third-party advertising networks such as those owned by Google, Facebook, Amazon, or Apple. These third parties may be based outside of the European Union.
5. Marketing Communications
WPM may send you marketing communications if you have asked for information concerning its Services or if you have agreed to, and have not opted out from, receiving marketing communications. You may ask WPM to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out link in any marketing message sent to you or adjusting the settings in your account, if you have one. If you opt out of receiving marketing communications, your opt-out does not extend to PII provided for other purposes.
6. Disclosure of Personal Information
WPM may share your PII with the following parties:
Third-party service providers that provide WPM with information technology or other administrative services;
WPM’s accountants, auditors, insurers, or attorneys; and
Government bodies that require WPM to report its processing activities.
WPM may also transfer PII to third parties when it sells, transfers, or merges any part of its business or assets.
WPM requires all third parties that receive a transfer of PII from WPM to maintain the same level of respect for the protection of PII as WPM and WPM only allows third parties to process your personal data for the specific purposes listed in this privacy policy.
7. Data Security
WPM has put into place data security measures to protect your PII. WPM allows access to your PII only by employees and service providers who have a need to know or access your PII on WPM’s instructions. WPM will notify you and any regulatory body of any breach of your PII or WPM’s security measures if it is legally required to do so.
8. Retention of Data
WPM will only retain your PII for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is collected under this Privacy Policy or for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
9. Your Data Rights
Under the law, you may have a right to request access to your PII for correction, transfer, erasure, or restriction, or to object to its processing or withdraw your consent. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact WPM via email here: datarights@kitchens.com.
To confirm your request, WPM may need to request specific information from you as a security measure to ensure that PII is not disclosed to an unauthorized third party. WPM will attempt to respond to all legitimate requests within thirty days.
10. Third Party Links
WPM’s Services may include links to third party Services and applications. By clicking on third party links, you may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. WPM does not control these third-party links and you are advised to review their respective privacy policies.
11. Responding to Do Not Track Signals
You can generally opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI Services and DAA Services. Our Services are not currently set up to respond to browser do-not-track signals, but you can configure your browser settings to reject all cookies or prompt you before a cookie is set.
12. Notification of Changes
Whenever WPM changes its Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and other places that we deem appropriate. Your use of the WPM Services following these changes indicates your consent to the practices described in the revised Privacy Policy.
13. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the manner by which we collect or use Personal Information about you, please feel free to contact us by email at: privacypolicy@kitchens.com, or in writing, or by phone at:
Kitchens.com
19701 Bethel Church Rd., Suite 103-305
Cornelius, NC 28031
Telephone:  773-769-8400