http://www.bracknell-forest.gov.uk/help/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Coronavirus (COVID-19): Visit our coronavirus pages for the latest updates.
Listen
Terms and conditions
Disclaimer
While every care has been taken in the compilation of this information, Bracknell Forest Council will not be held responsible for any loss, damage, or inconvenience whatsoever caused as a result of any inaccuracy or error within these pages.
Links to other sites from these pages are for information only and Bracknell Forest Council accepts no responsibility or liability for access to, or the material on, any site which is linked from or to this site.
We regularly review web links to make sure that sites can be accessed. If, however, you have difficulties accessing a site we would like to know.
Please contact the Digital Services Team with full details.
Copyright
This website contains public sector information licensed under the Open Government Licence v3.0.
All content on this website is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated.
The design is copyright of Bracknell Forest Council.
Privacy statement
This privacy statement only covers the websites of Bracknell Forest Council. Links within this site to other websites are not covered by this statement.
Bracknell Forest Council is not responsible for the contents or reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed within them. Listing should not be taken as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time and we have no control over the availability of the linked pages.
If you send us an email or fill in an online form, the council will use your contact details and any information you provide to deal with or respond to your message, and for any other necessary correspondence.
If you contact the council in relation to a service provided on the council's behalf by an external organisation, your details may be passed to that organisation in order to deal with your enquiry or complaint.
We use cookies on the website to help us to improve the user experience.
Please read the council's full privacy notice for further information.
Contact information
Digital Services
Make an enquiry