http://www.parentingclub.com/privacy_policy.php
Shop for Baby Items | Parenting & Family Blogs
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is very important to us, we have established this Privacy Policy, which explains what information we collect from our visitors, how we use that information, and how you can view or control use of the information you submit. Please note that this policy may be revised from time to time, so please check it frequently.
Personal Information
Parenting Club.com asks when we need information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). For example, we ask for your name, email address, and location when you register in our forums, and collects additional information for surveys or other promotions sponsored by Parenting Club and/or its advertising or promotional partners. We use your Personal Information to operate Parenting Club.com's services, and to help identify you and gather broad demographic information. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address.
Cookies
Parenting Club.com or its advertisers may place a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. Cookies are small pieces of information or files that are stored on a user's computer by the Web server through a user's browser for record keeping purposes. The information can be retrieved to personalize, monitor, or regulate use of the site. Cookies allow Parenting Club.com to automate access and data entry functions of the site, such as login information, and tailor the site to a user's preferences or interests. In addition, cookies allow Parenting Club.com to track usage of the site to determine those areas of the site that are useful or popular (and those that are not), thereby enabling Parenting Club.com to improve and update its service.
Information sharing
We may share non personal information with carefully selected advertisers, vendors, business partners and other organizations, which are not part of Parenting Club. These companies and organizations may use the information we share to provide special opportunities and offers to you.
Public Forums
Our forums and message boards ar available free to all users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Community | News | Resources | Entertainment | Link To Us |Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising©2020 Parenting Club.com All Rights Reserved