https://www.scotia-personnel-ltd.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Scotia Personnel Ltd
1 902 422 1455
info@scotia-personnel-ltd.com
Facebook
Twitter
linkedin
tumblr
instagram
pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
linkedin
tumblr
instagram
pinterest
Home
About Us
Testimonials
Au Pairing
Au pair in America
Au pair in Australia
Au Pair in Belgium
Au pair in China
Au pair in England
Au pair in France
Au pair in Germany
Au pair in Holland
Au pair in Iceland
Au pair in Italy
Au pair in Japan
Au pair in Korea
Au pair in New Zealand
Au pair in Spain
Teach English
Teach in the United States
Teach in London
Teach English in Korea
Teach English in China
Tutoring in France
Tutor in Italy
Tutoring English in Spain
Hospitality Jobs
Work Experience Australia
Hospitality in the Caribbean
Hospitality in the United Kingdom
Positions in Mauritius
Summer Camps
Camp America
Spain Camps
Swiss Camps
UK Camps
Nanny
Work as a Nanny
Hire a Nanny
Homecare
Private Homecare Support
Homecare jobs in the United Kingdom
Blog
Contact Us
Contact Information
Request for Information
Travel Insurance
Travel Services
Legal Information
Privacy Policy
Select Page
Scotia Personnel Ltd.Privacy Policy
At Scotia Personnel Ltd, we are committed to providing our clients with exceptional service.  As providing this service involves the collection, use and disclosure of some personal information about our clients, protecting their personal information is one of our highest priorities.
We will inform our clients of why and how we collect, use and disclose their personal information, obtain their consent where required, and only handle their personal information in a manner that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances.
This Personal Information Protection Policy (Privacy Policy), outlines the principles and practices we will follow in protecting clients’ personal information.  Our privacy commitment includes ensuring the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of our clients’ personal information and allowing our clients to correct their personal information.
Scope of this Policy
This Personal Information Protection Policy applies to Scotia Personnel Ltd. This policy also applies to any service providers collecting, using or disclosing personal information on behalf of Scotia Personnel Ltd.
Definitions
Personal Information –means information about an identifiable individual. Personal information includes information that relates to their personal characteristics (e.g. gender, date of birth, income, home address or phone number, ethnic background, family status), their health (e.g. doctor’s note verifying they are able to work and travel) or their activities and views (e.g. religion, politics, opinions expressed by an individual, an opinion or evaluation of an individual). Personal information does not include contact information (described below).
Contact information – means information that would enable an individual to be contacted at a place of business and includes name, position name or title, business telephone number, business address, business email or business fax number.  Contact information is not covered by this policy.
Privacy Officer – means the individual designated responsibility for ensuring that Scotia Personnel Ltd. complies with this policy.
Policy 1 – Collecting Personal Information
1.1  Unless the purposes for collecting personal information are obvious and the client voluntarily provides his or her personal information for those purposes, we will communicate the purposes for which personal information is being collected, either orally or in writing, before or at the time of collection.
1.2  We will only collect client information that is necessary to fulfill the following purposes:
To verify identity;
To identify client preferences;
To understand the needs of our clients;
To deliver requested services;
To accept the client in a program;
To ensure a high standard of service to our clients;
To meet regulatory requirements;
To collect and process payments.
Policy 2 – Consent
2.1  We will obtain client consent to collect, use or disclose personal information (except where, as noted below, we are authorized to do so without consent).
2.2  Consent can be provided orally, in writing, electronically, or through an authorized representative or it can be implied where the purpose for collecting using or disclosing the personal information would be considered obvious and the client voluntarily provides personal information for that purpose.
2.3  Consent may also be implied where a client is given notice and a reasonable opportunity to opt-out of his or her personal information being used for mail-outs or the marketing of new services and the client, does not opt-out.
2.4  Subject to certain exceptions (e.g. the personal information is necessary to provide the service or product, or the withdrawal of consent would frustrate the performance of a legal obligation), clients can withhold or withdraw their consent for Scotia Personnel Ltd to use their personal information in certain ways.  A client’s decision to withhold or withdraw their consent to certain uses of personal information may restrict our ability to provide a particular service or product.  If so, we will explain the situation to assist the client in making the decision.
2.5  We may collect, use or disclose personal information without the client’s knowledge or consent in the following limited circumstances:
When the collection, use or disclosure of personal information is permitted or required by law;
In an emergency that threatens an individual’s life, health, or personal security;
When the personal information is available from a public source (e.g. a telephone directory);
When we require legal advice from a lawyer;
For the purposes of collecting a debt;
To protect ourselves from fraud;
To investigate an anticipated breach of an agreement or a contravention of law.
Policy 3 – Using and Disclosing Personal Information
3.1  We will only use or disclose client personal information where necessary to fulfill the purposes identified at the time of collection or for a purpose reasonably related to those purposes such as:
To conduct client surveys in order to enhance the provision of our services;
To contact our clients directly about services that may be of interest.
3.2  We will not use or disclose client personal information for any additional purpose unless we obtain consent to do so.
3.3  We will not sell client lists or personal information to other parties unless we have specific consent to do so.
Policy 4 – Retaining Personal Information
4.1  If we use client personal information to make a decision that directly affects the client, we will retain that personal information for at least one year.
4.2  Subject to policy 4.1, we will retain client personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the identified purposes or a legal or business purpose.
Policy 5 – Ensuring Accuracy of Personal Information
5.1  We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that client personal information is accurate and complete where it may be used to make a decision about the client or disclosed to another organization.
5.2  Clients may request correction to their personal information in order to ensure its accuracy and completeness.  A request to correct personal information must be made in writing and provide sufficient detail to identify the personal information and the correction being sought.
5.3  If the personal information is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete, we will correct the information as required and send the corrected information to any organization to which we disclosed the personal information in the previous year.  If the correction is not made, we will note the client’s correction request in the file.
Policy 6 – Securing Personal Information
6.1  We are committed to ensuring the security of client personal information in order to protect it from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification or disposal or similar risks.
6.2  The following security measures will be followed to ensure that client personal information is appropriately protected:
physically securing offices where personal information is held;
use of user computer IDs, passwords, encryption, firewalls;
restricting employee access to personal information as appropriate (i.e., only those that need to know will have access);
requiring any service providers to provide comparable security measures.
6.3  We will use appropriate security measures when destroying client’s personal information including but not limited to:
shredding documents;
deleting electronically stored information;
physical destruction of electronic storage media.
6.4  We will continually review and update our security policies and controls as technology changes to ensure ongoing personal information security.
Policy 7 – Providing Clients Access to Personal Information
7.1  Upon request, we will also tell clients how we use their personal information and to whom it has been disclosed if applicable.
7.2  We will make the requested information available within 28 days, or provide written notice of an extension where additional time is required to fulfill the request.
7.3  A minimal fee may be charged for providing access to personal information.  Where a fee may apply, we will inform the client of the cost and request further direction from the client on whether or not we should proceed with the request.
7.4  If a request is refused in full or in part, we will notify the client in writing, providing the reasons for refusal and the recourse available to the client.
Policy 8 – Questions and Complaints:  The Role of the Privacy Officer
8.1  The Privacy Officer is responsible for ensuring Scotia Personnel Ltd.’s compliance with this policy and the Personal Information Protection Act.
8.2  Clients should direct any complaints, concerns or questions regarding Scotia Personnel Ltd.’s compliance in writing to the Privacy Officer.
Contact information for Scotia Personnel Ltd.’s Privacy Officer:
Privacy Officer
Scotia Personnel Ltd
6045 Cherry Street.
Halifax, Nova Scotia  B3H 2K4
Canada
Facebook
Twitter
linkedin
tumblr
instagram
pinterest
Copyright © 2016, Scotia Personnel Ltd.
All Rights Reserved.
Scotia Personnel
CLOSE
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy