http://www.jennybristow.com/privacy/
Privacy | Jenny Bristow ~ Ireland's Good Food Ambassador
Ireland's good food Ambassador
Search for:
Skip to content
Home
Masterclass
Cookery School
Recipes
News
Food Filming
In the Press
Books
about  |  contact
Privacy Policy
This statement discloses the privacy practices for the Jenny Bristow website. We developed this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed via email to privacy@jennybristow.com.
We respect the privacy of those individuals who visit and use our site and therefore have adopted a set of information management guidelines, which are the foundation of our client relationships. These guidelines have been developed with the recognition that internet technologies are rapidly evolving, and accordingly they are subject to change. Any such changes will immediately be posted on this page.
What We Do
We collect personally identifiable information about our users. Our goal in collecting personal information online is to provide you with the most useful and helpful web experience possible. By knowing your preferences, we will be able to deliver information that meets your needs and allow you special access privileges.
If you visit our site to browse, read or download we automatically collect and store the following information about you:
The IP address from which you access our website (an IP address is the number automatically assigned to your computer when you are surfing the web)
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site
The date and time of your access to our site
The pages you visit; and the internet address of the website from which you accessed our site
We use this information for the following purposes:
To make our site more useful to visitors
To perform statistical analyses measuring relative interest in the various areas of our site
What We Don’t Do
We do not, under any circumstances:
Link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable
Share the information we track on this site, in any form with advertisers or any other parties
Release personal information about any individual visitor
You may choose to provide us with personal information in an email message to one of the addresses listed on our site or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it to us. We use that information only to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the material you have requested.
Data Protection (UK)
In order to fully comply with the terms of the Data Protection Act (1998) we will:
Process your information fairly and lawfully i.e. provide a clear explanation of how it is used in this policy.
Process your information for one or more specified lawful purpose i.e. to respond to your requests for information.
Information held about you will be relevant and not excessive for those purposes.
Information held about you will be accurate and kept up to date. You have the right to have inaccurate personal data corrected or destroyed if it is inaccurate to any matter of fact.
Information held about you will be kept for no longer than is necessary for the purposes it is being processed.
Information held about you will be processed in line with the rights of the individual i.e. you have the right to be informed of all the information held about you, you have the right to prevent information held about you being used for marketing purposes, and you have the right to compensation if you can prove you have been damaged by MonoEvents non-compliance with the Data Protection Act (1998).
Information held about you will be secured against accidental loss, damage or destruction and against unlawful or unauthorized processing.
Furthermore, we will not sell, lease, loan or pass your personal information to any third party unless required by law to do so.
In Partnership with
Click here to enter the Morso competition!
Most popular recipes
Irish Salmon with a Creamy Chive Sauce
Buttermilk & Vanilla Scones
Firecracking Sausage and Onion Casserole
Traditional Apple Pie
Honey, Mustard and Sugar Glazed Ham
Jenny's new book - now available
Buy signed copies of my new book, each with a personalised message of your choosing.
Buy now »
Join my newsletter
Keep updated with my special cooking tips and techniques.
Name:
Email:
Thank you!
You have successfully subscribed to my newsletter.
Copyright © 2010-2020 Jenny Bristow.All rights reserved.
contact
privacy
Website design by Website NI