https://www.miscarriagesupport.org.nz/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal information that we collect through this website (Site) or directly from you.
Please read the Privacy Policy carefully. Please contact us if you have any questions, at support@miscarriagesupport.org.nz. You providing us with personal information indicates that you have had sufficient opportunity to access the Privacy Policy and that you have read and accept it. You can unsubscribe at the bottom of any email from Miscarriage Support Inc, or contact support@miscarriagesupport.org.nz.
If you do not wish to provide personal information to us, then you do not have to do so, however it may affect your use of this Site or any products and services offered on it.
1. Collection of personal information Personal Information:
The type of information we collect may include: name, address, telephone number, email address, skype name, age, gender and any other information requested on this Site or otherwise by us from you.
Your use of our Site: As with most online businesses, we may log information about your access and use of our Site, including through the use of Internet cookies, your communications with our Site, the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using and the domain name of your Internet service provider.
Your opinion and feedback: We may contact you to voluntarily respond to questionnaires, surveys or market research to seek your opinion and feedback. Providing this information is optional to you.
2. Use of personal information
We collect and use the information for purposes including:
for internal record keeping;
identifying and understanding user needs;
to contact and communicate with you;
for market research, business development and marketing including direct marketing;
to customise, improve and ensure proper functioning of our Site;
to run competitions or offer additional benefits to you; and
to send you promotional information about third parties that we think you may find interesting.
3. Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose personal information:
for the purpose of providing services to customers;
to credit reporting agencies and courts, tribunals, regulatory authorities where customers fail to pay for goods or services provided by us to them;
to courts, tribunals, regulatory authorities, and law enforcement officers as required by law; and
to third party service providers who assist us in providing information, products or services to you;
which may include overseas parties in the United States of America.
We only do this if the third party has agreed to comply with the standards in our Privacy Policy.
If there is a change of control of our business or a sale or transfer of business assets, we reserve the right to transfer to the extent permissible at law our user databases, together with any personal information and non-personal information contained in those databases. This information may be disclosed to a potential purchaser. We would seek to only disclose information in good faith and where we have sought to maintain confidentiality.
You consent to us disclosing your personal information for these purposes.
4. Your Rights Choice and Consent
Providing us with your personal information is optional to you. You can choose not to provide personal information. When you provide us with your personal information, you consent to the terms outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Restrict: You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us at the email address listed in this Privacy Policy.
Access: You have the right to request details of personal information that we hold about you, in certain circumstances set out in the Privacy Act 1993. An administrative fee may be payable for the provision of information. We may refuse to provide you with information that we hold about you, in certain circumstances set out in the Privacy Act.
Correction: You have the right to correct personal information that we hold about you, including information which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. We rely in part upon customers advising us when their personal information changes. We will respond to any request within a reasonable time. We will endeavour to promptly correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date.
Complaints: If you believe that we have breached the New Zealand Privacy Principles and wish to make a complaint about that breach, please contact us at the email address listed at the start of the Privacy Policy, setting out details of the breach. We will promptly investigate your complaint and respond to you in writing within 4 weeks, setting out the outcome of our investigation, what steps we propose to take to remedy the breach and any other action we will take to deal with your complaint.
Unsubscribe: To unsubscribe from our e-mail database, or opt out of any communications, please contact us at the email address listed at the start of the Privacy Policy, with “Unsubscribe” in the subject line of the e-mail.
5. Storage and Security
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information collected from you is accurate, up to date, complete and stored in a secure environment and accessed only by authorised personnel.
We have put in place procedures to safeguard and secure the information and protect it from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
No information transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure. We cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us, or receive from us. The transmission and exchange of information is carried out at your own risk. Although we take measures to safeguard against unauthorised disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
6. Cookies & Web Beacons
We may use cookies on this Site from time to time. Cookies are text files placed in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information. However, once you choose to furnish the Site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We may use web beacons on this Site from time to time. Web beacons or clear .gifs are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the behaviour and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons can be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page.
7. Links to other websites
Our Site may contain links to other websites of interest. We do not have any control over those websites. We are not responsible for or liable for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such websites and such websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
8. Amendments
This Privacy Policy may be amended, including with changes, additions and deletions, from time to time in our sole discretion. Your continued use of our Site following any amendments indicates that you accept the amendments. You should check the Privacy Policy regularly, prior to providing personal information, to ensure you are aware of any changes, and only proceed to provide personal information if you accept the new Privacy Policy.
For questions and notices, please contact us at:
Miscarriage Support Inc
Email: support@miscarriagesupport.org.nz