https://www.carfax.com/company/privacy-statement
Skip to content
CARFAX Privacy Statement
Home/Company/CARFAX Privacy Statement
Effective January 1, 2020
This Privacy Statement is intended to help you understand what information about you CARFAX collects (including on CARFAX.com and myCARFAX.com and the CARFAX and myCARFAX mobile device applications intended for use by consumers (collectively, “CARFAX web sites”)) and how we use the information collected. By using CARFAX web sites, you signify your consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Statement and agree that your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to the Terms of Use. You should check this Privacy Statement frequently for any changes. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Statement, please contact us by visiting our Help Center or writing to us (please include your name, mailing address and email address with your inquiry):
Consumer Affairs
CARFAX, Inc.
5860 Trinity Parkway
Suite 600
Centreville, VA 20120
Protecting the privacy of children
CARFAX web sites are not directed at children and we will not knowingly allow children to provide any personally identifiable information. If you are a minor, please do not provide any information about yourself.
I. Information collected
II. Use of the information
III. Protection of the information
IV. Disclosure of the information to third parties
V. Third party links
VI. How to update or change the information and opt out of marketing emails
VII. Updates to this Privacy Statement
State Specific Privacy Disclosures
I. Information collected (back to top)
When you give information to CARFAX
CARFAX will collect your name, mailing address, email address, and payment card information when you purchase CARFAX® Vehicle History ReportsTM (“CARFAX Reports”). CARFAX may require you to submit a Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) or license plate information to provide vehicle history information for the relevant vehicle. If you choose to use complementary services, such as myCARFAX and CARFAX Used Car Listings, CARFAX may require you to provide an email address and password and create an account. If you submit a request for information on any CARFAX web site, CARFAX will collect any information you submit in connection with your request, including but not limited to, name, email address, telephone number, and any personalized message included in your request.
CARFAX may collect any information that you provide to CARFAX (1) through the myCARFAX service, (2) in the process of sharing feedback related to third party products or services, and/or (3) through comments on public postings on CARFAX web sites. Please be aware that any such information may be viewable by others; please do not disclose any personal information or any information that you do not wish to make publicly available.
If you permit CARFAX to access your geolocation information through any CARFAX web site, CARFAX may collect (or have a third party collect) and store zip code level information. If you permit CARFAX to access your geolocation through your mobile device, CARFAX may use the maps application on your device and the provider of the application may have access to the zip code level information collected by CARFAX.  Your mobile device offers the ability to disable CARFAX’s access to your geolocation information at any time.
If you choose to participate in CARFAX surveys while on CARFAX web sites you may be asked to provide other anonymous demographic information such as zip code, age, gender, preferences and interests.
When you use CARFAX web sites
CARFAX may collect other information that you may submit in the course of searching for vehicles or creating an account such as zip code and/or type of vehicle viewed. If you call a toll-free telephone number provided on any CARFAX web site, CARFAX may record the call, as well as the date, time, and length of your call, and the phone number from which the call originated, along with other information that may be captured, and all such captured information may be used as described in this Privacy Statement.
CARFAX web sites may contain web beacons to collect data regarding user traffic patterns. CARFAX web sites use cookies to collect information about your computer hardware (desktop, laptop, mobile devices and mobile device identifiers etc.) and software, such as referring domains, the type of browser used, operating system software, screen resolutions, color capabilities, IP addresses and plug-ins. We may collect, or have a third party collect on our behalf, data on how visitors use and navigate through the CARFAX web sites, such as number of visits, paths taken, time spent on CARFAX web sites, pages visited, vehicles researched and viewed and other similar information that will help us improve the quality of our service, create a better user experience and to serve targeted advertising. CARFAX may use Criteo SA, and/or Firebase Analytics provided by Google to collect such information. To learn more about how Firebase Analytics and Criteo SA collect and use data and to opt out, please visit their privacy pages at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/  and http://www.criteo.com/privacy/.  Criteo SA may use some data collected on the CARFAX websites for cross device linking purposes.  CARFAX may include web beacons in some of our email communications to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.
When Received from a CARFAX Customer
Automobile dealers and service shops may share your name, email address, and/or telephone number and VIN with CARFAX for the purpose of providing additional services to you.
Law enforcement agencies may provide police accident reports to CARFAX for the purpose of fulfilling their obligation to make such reports available to their citizens and others.  Similarly, CARFAX may receive personal information from insurers when such insurers’ search for a specific police accident report.
II. Use of the information (back to top)
CARFAX uses the information you provide to deliver services requested by you. As more specifically explained in this Privacy Statement, if you submit a request for information on any CARFAX web site, you agree that CARFAX may share the information you submit with third parties, as necessary to respond to your request. Information related to your vehicle that you submit through myCARFAX may be included in the vehicle information compiled by CARFAX for that vehicle. CARFAX may use zip code level information to provide information regarding vehicles and dealerships in your then-current location.  CARFAX may also use any information you provide to send you additional communications about CARFAX products and services and other special offers and promotions related to the used car buying and ownership process.
We use information collected through cookies and web beacons to analyze usage, learn about users, and deliver customized content and advertising and uncover ways in which we can improve CARFAX web sites and make them easier to use. Information provided by visitors to the CARFAX web sites who choose to complete user surveys help us better understand how visitors to the CARFAX web sites are using CARFAX and develop better products and services for you. CARFAX occasionally appends data collected through CARFAX web sites with third party data to effectively plan customer communications and marketing campaigns and analyze how the CARFAX web sites are used.
CARFAX may use your account login information to provide you with a better experience on the CARFAX  web sites across devices.
If an automobile dealer or service shop provides your contact information and VIN to provide additional services to you, CARFAX will use the information for such purposes.
CARFAX uses the police accident reports to provide such reports to citizens and others, as required by the relevant law enforcement agency and information submitted by insurers to provide such insurers with the requested police accident report.
III. Protection of the information (back to top)
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards against unauthorized access to the information CARFAX collects. For example, when you complete the CARFAX Report order form, all information you enter is encrypted via a secure sockets layer (SSL) before it is sent over the Internet to our secure servers and/or credit card processor, as applicable. We do not retain the full payment card account number submitted in the process of purchasing a CARFAX Report in our systems, but we may store partial payment card numbers for up to six months for our reference. To protect against unauthorized access to your account, we recommend that you protect your password, log out of your account, and close your browser after each use.
IV. Disclosure of the information to third parties (back to top)
CARFAX may disclose personal information about you: (i) to its service providers to provide the services requested by you; (ii) to provide you with a better user experience; (iii) as provided in this Privacy Statement; (iv) to defend against legal claims or otherwise protect our rights; (v) as required by law, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on CARFAX; (vi) for purposes of law enforcement investigations; and/or (vii) as requested by you. If you submit a request for information from an automobile dealer or service shop through the CARFAX web sites, you agree that CARFAX may share the information you submit with such third parties, as necessary to respond to your request. Such third parties’ use or disclosure of the information you submit is subject to their privacy policies and practices and CARFAX has no control over the subsequent use or disclosure of any information you provide. If CARFAX offers functionality to share information via email or social media on any CARFAX web site page and you choose to use such functionality, the information you provide may be shared with recipients. CARFAX may share with third parties, including but not limited to, other users and vendors: (1) information you submit regarding your vehicle through myCARFAX; (2) your feedback regarding third party products or services; and (3) any other content or materials you submit through public posting on any CARFAX web site. CARFAX does not sell any information that specifically identifies you, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number, to any third party.
We may disclose information collected through cookies and web beacons to our affiliates or to third parties, who may aggregate such online activity information across multiple web sites and may use such information for predictive advertising, measuring the effectiveness of advertising, cross device linking or for other purposes. To learn more or to make choices about their use of your information, please click here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
CARFAX uses third party service providers to perform various functions such as processing credit card transactions, analyzing data, serving advertisements and providing marketing assistance.
V. Third party links (back to top)
CARFAX web sites and emails may include links to third party web sites and/or the opportunity to share on social media (such as the “Share” or “Like” features on Facebook). Your access to such third party web sites or use of social media features is subject to the privacy policies and practices of those third party web sites and/or social media providers. CARFAX does not control the collection, use or disclosure of any information on such third party links. You may access CARFAX web sites through links on third party web sites. By entering CARFAX web sites through a third party web site you may be allowing such third party’s web site to view any information you provide to CARFAX. If you are concerned about entering through a third party web site, you can access CARFAX web sites directly at www.carfax.com, www.mycarfax.com, or by downloading the CARFAX and myCARFAX mobile device applications intended for use by consumers. CARFAX is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any third party web sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any web sites through which you access CARFAX web sites or which you access through CARFAX web sites or emails to better understand such third party web sites’ data collection and use practices.
VI. How to update or change the information and opt out of marketing emails (back to top)
You may update or change the information pertaining to your account by contacting CARFAX by clicking here. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from CARFAX when you complete the CARFAX Report order form, or you may unsubscribe at any time by using the link included on all marketing emails. To unsubscribe from receiving promotional emails from CARFAX you can unsubscribe via your account. If you choose to opt out of receiving promotional emails, you will only receive emails in connection with the CARFAX services to which you have subscribed.
To opt out of receiving targeted content and advertisements on CARFAX web sites you can change your browser options to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from any web site. You will be able to access and use CARFAX web sites with cookies disabled, but the user experience may not be customized to your interests and needs.
VII. Updates to this Privacy Statement (back to top)
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. Any changes to the Privacy Statement will be posted here. If the changes are significant, we will provide you additional, prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances.
Tips and Advice
Car Buying
Car Maintenance
Car Selling
Car Rankings
Car Technology
Model News
Used Car Deals
Best Used Car Deals
Many automakers offer deals on their certified used cars, like they do on new cars. See who has the best deals this month!
I need a CARFAX report
No VIN? Click Here
or
State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming