https://www.mygardenpatch.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentHomeAboutHome InteriorCarpet CleaningContact MePrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy:mygardenpatch Inc. ("mygardenpatch") operates mygardenpatch.com and may operate other websites. It is mygardenpatch's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, mygardenpatch collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. mygardenpatch's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how mygardenpatch's visitors use its website. From time to time, mygardenpatch may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.mygardenpatch also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on mygardenpatch.com blogs/sites. mygardenpatch only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to mygardenpatch's websites choose to interact with mygardenpatch in ways that require mygardenpatch to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that mygardenpatch gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at mygardenpatch.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with mygardenpatch are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, mygardenpatch collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with mygardenpatch. mygardenpatch does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Aggregated Statisticsmygardenpatch may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. mygardenpatch may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, mygardenpatch does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Informationmygardenpatch discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on mygardenpatch's behalf or to provide services available at mygardenpatch's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using mygardenpatch's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. mygardenpatch will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, mygardenpatch discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when mygardenpatch believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of mygardenpatch, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an mygardenpatch website and have supplied your email address, mygardenpatch may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with mygardenpatch and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. mygardenpatch takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. mygardenpatch uses cookies to help mygardenpatch identify and track visitors, their usage of mygardenpatch website, and their website access preferences. mygardenpatch visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using mygardenpatch's websites, with the drawback that certain features of mygardenpatch's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business TransfersIf mygardenpatch, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that mygardenpatch goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of mygardenpatch may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.AdsAds appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by mygardenpatch and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, mygardenpatch may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in mygardenpatch's sole discretion. mygardenpatch encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a mygardenpatch.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.Recent PostsTypes of Outdoor Garden FurnitureWhen there is a garden with a home, there is a tendency to place some outdoor garden furniture for comfort, convenience and aesthetics. The garden makes
[…]Initial Research Before Having Carpet Cleaning CompanyCarpet cleaning techniques are not just the same. In fact there are several means to tidy various types of carpet. What lots of people do not recognize is
[…]Flooring: Types of Travertine ProductsThere are different forms for travertine products. Depending on the product type, they vary in size and thickness. For example, tile has a different size
[…]Things To Know Before Using WallpaperUsing wallpaper is a classic way to decorate the wall in any part of the house. Before getting excited to use this material to accent your wall, there are
[…]In Naples, Your Wood Floor Should Match Your Roof, Here’s why!Wear and Tear You may need to ponder to consider carpet instead if you have extended family like pets that could scratch your hardwood stairs. In
[…]Dining Room FlooringLet’s talk about the flooring in the dining room. A homeowner will have soft flooring or hard flooring. They will either have some type of carpet
[…]To discover carpet cleaning devices it is suggested to shop at neighborhood cleaning supplies.If you wish to earn money helping you and be your personal employer carpet cleaning is a simple service to get into. An item to sell as well as somebody
[…]Different Types of Carpet Cleaning TechniquesPractically every residence has a carpet as a requirement, as carpets help make the flooring and residence warm all seasons round. Carpets are also
[…]The initial stage of carpet cleaning involves the treatment of your carpet.There are primarily different phases that have to be finished when cleaning a carpet. Of course, this is a really fragile thing in your home which should
[…]