http://www.petrolprices.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home Fuel Price Map Guides News Station Brands Download The App Become a member Sign in
Terms & Conditions LAST UPDATED: 31ST JANUARY 2020
1. Introduction 1.1. PetrolPrices.com offers an online petrol price comparison service via our Products (“the Service”). “PetrolPrices.com” is a trading name of PetrolPrices.com Ltd, a company registered in England (company number 08995126) and with the registered office at Manor Coach House, Church Hill, Aldershot, Hampshire, GU12 4RQ. To contact us, please email support@petrolprices.com or telephone 0844 816 0040 (calls cost 5 pence per minute plus network access charge). 1.2. By using our Products, You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out below. If You do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions hereunder; please do not use or access any of our Products. You must read and accept all of the terms and conditions contained herein, together with the terms of our Privacy Policy (https://www.petrolprices.com/privacy-policy/) before you may use or access any of our Products in any way. 1.3. These terms and conditions constitute the entire terms and conditions upon which PetrolPrices.com provides the Service and upon which You agree to contract for the use of the Service except where specifically varied by written agreement by PetrolPrices.com on the Registration Confirmation. They supersede any written or oral representations, statements, understandings or agreements. 1.4. From time to time, it will be necessary to update the terms and conditions and you agree to be bound by the new terms and conditions after the implementation date for the revised terms and conditions. Every time you wish to use any of our Products, please check these terms to ensure You understand the terms that apply at that time. These terms were most recently updated: 13.01.2020. 1.5. We may update and change our Products from time to time to reflect changes to our Products, our users’ needs and our business priorities. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any major changes. 1.6. Definitions in this Agreement: 1.6.1. “Agreement” means these Conditions together with Your registration as confirmed in the Registration Confirmation. 1.6.2. “Conditions” means these terms and conditions. 1.6.3. “Client” means any person who uses the Service. 1.6.4. “Registration Confirmation” means the email acceptance sent by PetrolPrices.com following receipt of your registration. 1.6.5. “You” means any person who PetrolPrices.com registers to use the Service and who receives a Registration Confirmation. 1.6.6.“Free Service” means the free of charge service provided by PetrolPrices.com as described in any of our Products. 1.6.7. “Intellectual Property Rights” means any patent, invention, copyright, database right, registered or unregistered design, trademark displayed on any of our Products (whether registered or unregistered), trade name, logo, trade secrets, know-how or other industrial or intellectual property right subsisting anywhere in the world, and applications for any of the foregoing, together with the goodwill thereon. 1.6.8. “Information” means any and all material contained in this Website. 1.6.9. “User” and “You” means anyone who uses the Products. 1.6.10. “Products” means the PetrolPrices.com website and any sub-domains of such, this definition also includes reference to our mobile application (Available on iOS & Android) and Amazon Alexa Voice Skill.
2. Service Provision 2.1. PetrolPrices.com will provide a Registration Confirmation for all registrations placed but reserves the right to accept or reject any registration at its sole discretion. 2.2. PetrolPrices.com will use all reasonable endeavours to provide the Service as described on our Products. Due to the nature of such Services, the time will not be the essence. 2.3. PetrolPrices.com may at any time amend the Service or Product line for any reason including, but not limited to, technical, legal or business reasons. 2.4. PetrolPrices.com will use all reasonable endeavours to maintain the functionality of the Products. However, no responsibility will be accepted for any downtime or unavailability of the Products or any impairment or lack of access to the Information provided on the Products.
3. Proprietary Rights 3.1. All Intellectual Property Rights in the materials on our Products (as well as the organisation and layout of the Products) together with the underlying software code are owned by, licensed or authorised to PetrolPrices.com, its assignees, licensees or sub-licensees thereof and the copyright in the text, artwork, graphics and images on the Products are owned by PetrolPrices.com or its licensors or its content or technology providers except where otherwise specified. 3.2. Nothing in these Conditions transfers to You any rights of ownership of such Intellectual Property Rights, or constitutes a licence to use such Intellectual Property Rights other than to the extent expressly set out in these Conditions. Without PetrolPrices.com‘s prior written permission, You may not copy, modify, alter, publish, broadcast, distribute, sell or transfer any material on these Products or the underlying software code whether in whole or in part. However, the contents of these Products may be downloaded, printed or copied for your personal non-commercial use or some of Products shared through ‘Facebook’, and ‘Twitter’ button on the Website. For more information on using the content/data provided by PetrolPrices.com for commercial-use, please contact support@petrolprices.com.
4. Basis of the use of the Products 4.1. You agree that:
You are aged 16 or over and are legally capable of entering into binding contracts; or legal parent/guardian can enter into contract on your behalf.
5. Third-Party Websites/Software 5.1. The Products contain links to websites operated by parties other than PetrolPrices.com. Such links are provided for Your convenience only. PetrolPrices.com does not control such websites, and is not responsible for their content. PetrolPrices.com’s inclusion of links to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators. 5.2. You are solely responsible for evaluating the accuracy and completeness of any information contained on the third-party websites, and also the value and integrity of any items and services offered by such websites. 5.3. You may link to this Product with our implied permission, however, we expressly reserve the right to withdraw our consent at any time to a link which in our sole opinion is inappropriate or controversial.
6. Cancellation by the User 6.1. Due to the nature of the Service, You may terminate Your membership for the Free Service at any time. There is no fixed period for the duration of Your membership for the Free Service.
7. Cancellation by Us 7.1 PetrolPrices.com shall be entitled to suspend the Services in accordance with Section 2. 7.2. Without prejudice to any other rights to which it may be entitled, PetrolPrices.com may terminate provision or use of the Services respectively with immediate effect if You commit any material breach of any of the terms of this Agreement. 7.3. By registering to use the Service You agree to, subject to these Conditions, to act honesty and truthfully regarding Your dealings. In the event the You act contrary to these Conditions, PetrolPrices.com reserve the right to delete Your account and block Your IP address from using our Products in the future this including behaviour deemed unacceptable by PetrolPrices.com standards.
8. Warranties 8.1. PetrolPrices.com undertakes to use reasonable skill and care in providing the Service as described on the Products. 8.2. The price comparison Information displayed through our Products is a ‘snapshot’ of Information at a given time and is subject to change. You accept that the Information is time-limited and may not reflect the position at any time after it is initially posted be PetrolPrices.com. 8.3. PetrolPrices.com will therefore accept no liability for the accuracy of any price or petrol forecourt Information displayed on the Products.
9. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability 9.1. You agree to use the Service at Your own risk and in no event shall PetrolPrices.com be liable for any direct, consequential, incidental or special damage or loss of any kind (except personal injury or death resulting from PetrolPrices.com’ s negligence) including, but not limited to, inability to use social media, loss of money, identity theft, loss of or corruption of data or the Your inability to use the Service, however caused and whether arising under contract or tort, including negligence or otherwise except as expressly provided herein. 9.2. The use of this Service or any Product while in control of a vehicle is illegal in the United Kingdom, PetrolPrices.com will not be liable for any direct, consequential or special damage or loss of any kind from the user’s choice to use our Products or Services whilst in control of a vehicle. PetrolPrices.com has made a conscious effort to remind You prior to using the any of our Products. 9.3. The use of this Service or any of our Products on a petrol forecourt is ill-advised, PetrolPrices.com will not be liable for any direct, consequential or special damage or loss of any kind if You choose to use Your mobile device on the petrol forecourt. 9.4. You must make every effort to secure Your username and password details and should not under any circumstance disclose Your username and password details to a third party or by an email request. PetrolPrices.com, nor its directors, employees or representatives will be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of our Product or the Information, content, materials or items included on our Products. It is Your responsibility to maintain and update browser, device, firewall or anti-virus and anti-spyware software. You must protect Your computer and/or device and ensure You update all security software by downloading the latest security patches from relevant software provider. 9.5. PetrolPrices.com cannot guarantee 100% uptime and endeavours to provide the Services as described on the Products. 9.6. PetrolPrices.com is not responsible for any technical issue with regards the purchase of any items. The purchase is post completion of the PetrolPrices.com Service.
10. Force Majeure 10.1. PetrolPrices.com shall not be liable to You or be deemed to be in breach of the Agreement by reason of delay in performing, or any failure to perform, any of our obligations in relation to the Service, if the delay or failure was beyond our reasonable control. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the following shall be regarded as causes beyond our reasonable control: act of god, explosion, flood, tempest, fire or accident; weather, war or threat of war, sabotage, pandemic flu or virus, insurrection, civil disturbance or requisition; acts, restrictions, regulations, bye-laws, prohibitions or measures or any kind on the part of any governmental, parliamentary or local authority; import or export regulations or embargoes; strikes, lock-outs or other industrial actions, power cuts or trade disputes (whether involving our employees or of a third party); or difficulties in obtaining the system, labour, fuel, parts or machinery. 10.2. PetrolPrices.com cannot be held responsible or deemed in breach of this Agreement in any way for third party delays, technical faults, including delivery failures affecting our performance.
11. Statutory information This service is owned and operated by: PetrolPrices.com Ltd Manor Coach House, Church Hill, Aldershot, Hampshire, GU12 4RQ Email: support@petrolprices.com Website: www.petrolprices.com
12. Data Protection We consider the protection of your personal information to be very important. For further information please read our Privacy Policy (www.petrolprices.com/privacy-policy/). Please note that you will be asked to confirm that you have read and agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy before you register to use the Service.
13. Assignment PetrolPrices.com shall be entitled to assign or transfer our obligations or rights to a competent third party or to any associated company whether in whole or in part. You may not assign or transfer any of Your rights or obligations without our written consent.
14. Miscellaneous These Conditions contain all the terms of your Agreement with us relating to your use of this Product. No other written or oral statement (including statements in any brochure or promotional literature published by us) will be incorporated. Your use of this Product, any downloaded material from it, this Agreement and the operation of these Conditions shall be governed by, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and the User agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
15. General 15.1. Failure or delay by PetrolPrices.com in enforcing any term of the Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any of its rights under it. 15.2. The illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of any part of this Agreement will not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder.
16. Disputes 16.1. If you are a consumer, please note that these Conditions, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. 16.2. If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
News & Guides
News Guides Station Brands
Company
About Team Careers Contact
Community
Sign in Become a member
© Copyright 2020 PetrolPrices.com Ltd., Manor Coach House, Church Hill, Aldershot, Hampshire GU12 4RQ  Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions