http://www.nymbler.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Icosystem Corporation (the "Company," "us," "we," or "our") is committed to protecting the privacy of users ("user", "you" or "your") of its site ("Site"). The Company's Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Site. This Privacy Policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies and business practices. This Privacy Policy applies to this Site and governs data collection and usage at this Site. Please read it in its entirety.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY, THEN DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
USE OF COOKIES
Third-party advertising networks that serve Internet advertisements to users of the Site use cookies or other technology in their advertisements to collect certain information from you to engage in Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA) or multi-site advertising. While we hope that all third parties involved adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our users, this Privacy Policy does not cover third-party data collection practices and the Company does not assume any responsibility for any actions of third parties. If you are concerned about third-party data collection practices, please go to the Opt-Out page on the Network Advertising Initiative website for information on how to opt out: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/
TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
In order for you to access certain features of the Site, we may require you to provide us with certain data, such as your e-mail address ("Contact Data"). If you communicate with us by e-mail, post messages to any chat groups, bulletin boards or forums, or otherwise complete online forms, surveys, or the like, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Contact Data.
You may choose not to provide us with any Contact Data. In such an event, you can still access and use much of the Site. You, however, will not be able to access and use those portions of the Site that require your Contact Data.
USES AND SHARING OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
In general, we will only use Contact Data for the purpose for which such information was provided to us. We may also use Contact Data to send you information about our products or services or promotional material from some of our business partners, or to contact you when necessary. You may opt-out of receiving future communications from the Company by sending us an e-mail at opt-out@nymbler.com.
We may share Contact Data with other businesses that may want to send you promotional material or information about their businesses and/or their products and/or services. If you do not want us to share your Contact Data with any third parties, please send us an e-mail to opt-out@nymbler.com.
We may use Traffic Data to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may provide Traffic Data and/or other aggregate non-personally identifying information to third parties.
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Contact Data private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with legal process (such as a court order) or other legal requirements of any governmental authority; (b) protect our rights or property; (c) enforce our Site's Terms and Conditions of Use incorporated herein by reference; (d) protect the interest of users of the Site, other than you, or any other person; or (e) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of our services or equipment, as authorized by law.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may transfer, sell or assign information concerning your use of this Site, including without limitation, Contact Data, to third parties, as a result of the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of the Company.
LINKS
This Site contains links to third-party web sites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by the Company of the contents on such third party web sites. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of linked third party sites and does not make any warranty or representation regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such sites. Nor does the Company make any warranty or representation regarding, nor does it endorse, any linked third-party web sites or the information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. Links do not imply that the Company or this Site sponsors, endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through the links. If you decide to access linked third party web sites, you do so at your own risk.
The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of linked third party sites and does not make any warranty or representation regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such sites. Nor does the Company make any warranty or representation regarding, nor does it endorse, any linked third-party web sites or the information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. Links do not imply that the Company or this Site sponsors, endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through the links. If you decide to access linked third party web sites, you do so at your own risk.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
We may change our Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting. Changes to our Privacy Policy will be effective when posted. If at any point we decide to use Contact Data in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their Contact Data in this different manner. Unless otherwise agreed, we will use Contact Data in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected.
POLICIES FOR INDIVIDUALS UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
We are committed to protecting the on-line privacy of children. In accordance with the Children's On-line Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from or provide any services to children under the age of 13.
ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY
By using the Site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of this Site following posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, you can send an email to privacy@nymbler.com.