http://www.annualcreditreport.com/policies.action
Skip to main content
Contact us
Contact Us
Contact us form
About this site
Accessibility
Suspected phishing
Policies
Security
Privacy
Terms of use
About this site
Policies
Privacy
Since it affects your use of this website, please review our Privacy Policy so you understand our privacy practices.
Use of website is "as is"
The services offered on this website are provided "as is," with no warranties of any kind.
For example, because the reports you get through this site are produced by the three nationwide credit reporting companies, we cannot guarantee that they are complete and accurate. If you are not comfortable using this website, you may ask for your free annual credit reports by phone or mail.
Trademark rights
The trademarks, service marks and logos (the "Trademarks") used in this website are registered and unregistered trademarks belonging to Equifax, Experian, TransUnion, and Central Source LLC, or to the owners of those companies. The Trademark owner has exclusive rights to the Trademarks. You may not use or display any of the Trademarks unless the Trademark owner gives you permission, in writing.
Links to other Websites
This website contains links to third party websites. We cannot guarantee any third party website that you may access through the links. Our links to those sites does not mean that we endorse those sites, or that we accept any responsibility for the content or use of those websites.
Copyright
Central Source LLC holds the copyright to this site. The copyright was issued in 2019. We reserve all rights to the site and its content. You may not reproduce, change, or distribute any part of this website in any way until you get written permission from us.
Security
Since it affects your use of this website, please review our Security Policy to understand our security practices and what you can do to protect your personal information. Make sure you are on https://www.AnnualCreditReport.com before you ask for a free credit report.
Browser compatibility
The following browser versions have been tested for an optimal browsing experience from a desktop computer. If the browser you are using is not on the list below, you may not have access to all functions within the website.
Internet Explorer 11
Microsoft Edge 18
Mozilla Firefox 67
Google Chrome 75
Safari 12
This site also supports browsing from a smart phone or tablet device. For an optimal browsing experience, we recommend using the following screen resolution based on your specific device:
Smart Phone - 375 x 667
Small Tablet - 412 x 659
Large Landscape Tablet - 1024 x 768
Newer versions of many browsers include security features to help prevent someone from stealing your identity and other information. Some of these newer security features may prevent this site from working properly, and you may have to turn those features off while using the site.
Previous
Next
About this site
Accessibility
Privacy
Security
Terms of use
Copyright © 2020
Central Source, LLC
Secure Transaction: For your protection,
this website is secured with the highest level of SSL Certificate encryption.