https://www.waitrose.com/corporate_information_home/corporate_information/legal_notices/terms_and_conditions.html
Skip to main content
Corporate information
Terms and Conditions
Channel Islands
Website Cookies
Privacy notice
Cruelty free statement
Corporate information homeCorporate informationLegal noticesTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
1. Use of the website
This website is owned and operated by Waitrose & Partners ("we," "us" or "our").
By accessing this website and/or placing an order or requesting a delivery you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions set out below. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions you may not use or access this website.
References to this website in these terms and conditions apply to this website however you access it, including accessing this website through our mobile applications or a version of this website optimised for use on mobile devices.  Whenever you access this website through a mobile application or mobile-optimised version of this website, the section of these Terms and Conditions entitled "Mobile Access" also applies.
For customers in the Channel Islands, please review our Channel Islands Terms and Conditions for further information.
Any questions regarding these Terms and Conditions or subsequent issues should be directed to:
Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team
Waitrose Ltd
Doncastle Road
Southern Industrial Area
Bracknell
RG12 8YA
Telephone: 0800 188 884
email: customerserviceteam@waitrose.co.uk
VAT number: 232457280 -  Waitrose Ltd Registered Office
171 Victoria Street
London
SW1E 5NN
Identity of supplier
Unless stated to the contrary on this website, the products and services supplied in accordance with any contract made though this website are supplied by Waitrose Ltd.
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "John Lewis & Partners" is a reference to John Lewis plc (registered in England with company number 00238937) or, as applicable, any other members of its corporate group of companies.  Waitrose Ltd ("Waitrose & Partners") is a member of the John Lewis corporate group.
General
Access to this website is granted strictly in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.  These Terms and Conditions apply also to all orders/delivery requests placed by you through this website or in branch.
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully and print and keep a copy of them for your reference.
We may change our Terms and Conditions at any time, so please do not assume that the same terms will apply to future orders/delivery requests. We reserve the right to:
Modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this website (or any part thereof) with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the website; or
Change the Terms and Conditions from time to time.
You will be deemed to have accepted such changes if you continue to use this website (or any part of it) or you continue to place orders / delivery requests after any such changes.
It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the Terms and Conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to any change of the Terms and Conditions then you must immediately stop using this website.
Waitrose & Partners has taken every care in the preparation of the content of this website. However, except to the extent required by applicable law or as otherwise set out in these Terms and Conditions, Waitrose & Partners does not represent or warrant the accuracy or reliability of any of the information or content about any products or services, software or advertisements (together, the "Materials") contained on, distributed through, or linked, downloaded or accessed from this website.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, Waitrose & Partners hereby excludes liability for any claims, losses, demands, or damages of any kind whatsoever with respect to the website or the Materials including, without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential losses, or damages, whether arising from loss of profits, loss of revenue, loss of data, loss of use or otherwise and whether or not the possibility of such loss has been notified to Waitrose. The foregoing will apply whether such claims, loss or damages arise in tort, contract, negligence, under statute or otherwise.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions limits Waitrose & Partners' liability for fraud or death or personal injury resulting from our negligence.
However, if you are a consumer your statutory rights are not affected.
Linking
Certain links in this website will lead to websites which are not under the control of Waitrose & Partners. When any of these links are activated you will leave Waitrose & Partners' website and Waitrose & Partners has no control over and will not accept responsibility, or liability, for any material or service contained on any website which is not under the control of Waitrose & Partners nor does the existence of such links represent any endorsement or other acceptance of responsibility or liability by Waitrose for any products or services provided or available on such sites. Our linking policy is detailed in Section 4 of these Terms and Conditions.
Except to the extent required by applicable law or as otherwise set out in these Terms and Conditions, Waitrose & Partners makes no representations, or warranties, in respect of any endeavour by it to review the content of websites to which it provides links or anywhere else in the Service, or any of the Materials and accordingly Waitrose & Partners accepts no responsibility whatsoever for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of any information, material or other content contained in websites listed on the Service or in any Materials nor warrants nor endorses any advertising of third parties carried on the Service nor through the provision of links to that carried on other websites.
All information or content transmitted by any functionality made available on this website (including any mobile applications or a version of the website optimised for use on mobile devices), including online invitations, e-cards, email or send to a friend functionality are the responsibility of you, the sender.  You confirm that by using this service you will not transmit any material which could be considered offensive, obscene or otherwise objectionable.  Neither Waitrose & Partners nor John Lewis & Partners can be held liable either directly or indirectly for the content of any such functionality, nor for any loss nor damage of any kind which you may incur as the result of your use of this service.  You hereby agree to indemnify Waitrose & Partners and each member of the John Lewis corporate group of companies for any such loss which may have occurred.
If any provision of these disclaimers and exclusions shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions will reduce your statutory rights relating to faulty or mis-described products. For further information about your statutory rights contact your local authority, Trading Standards Department or Citizens Advice Bureau.
Customers will be required to register to use the services available from this website. Waitrose & Partners may decline a registration request at its sole discretion. By registering for the services, customers agree to these Terms and Conditions and agree that:
The personal information that you are required to provide when you register as a customer is true, accurate, current and complete in all respects.
You will notify us immediately of any changes to the personal information by updating your details on the 'My Details' page on the website or by contacting Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team.
You agree not to impersonate any other person or entity or to use a false name or a name that you are not authorised to use.
Restricted Items
To comply with licensing and other legislation some products and services on this website are only available to certain categories of customers (such as people aged 18 years and over) ("Restricted Items").  The types of items that fall into the category of Restricted Items include analgesics, alcohol, butane gas, certain CDs / DVDs / Games, cigarettes and tobacco products, e-cigarettes, crackers containing sparklers, fireworks and sparklers, knives / razor blades, gardening tools, lottery tickets and scratchcards, party poppers, solvents and petrol.
Contract creation and electronic contracting
The technical steps required to create the contract between you and us are as follows:
You place the order for your products on this website by pressing the complete checkout button at the end of the checkout process. You will be guided through the process of placing an order by a series of simple instructions on this website.
We will send to you an order acknowledgement email detailing the products you have ordered.
Order acceptance and the formation of the contract between you and us will take place on the dispatch to you of the products ordered unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order or you have cancelled it in accordance with the instructions below.
Non-acceptance of an order may be a result of one of the following:
The product you ordered is not available from stock.
We are unable to obtain authorisation for your payment.
A price or product description error is identified.
You do not meet the eligibility to order criteria set out in the main Terms and Conditions.
The contract or any order will be concluded in English. If you do require any information regarding orders you have placed with Waitrose & Partners please write to the Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team, the address details of which are set out in this section above.
Back to top
2. Privacy Notice
We will treat all of your personal data as confidential. We will keep it on a secure server and fully comply with all applicable privacy regulations and consumer legislation. If you would like to read more on how we collect, where we collect or how we use your personal information, please see our Privacy Notice here. You can also find information in the Privacy Notice on how to stop receiving marketing information.
Cookies
Please see our cookies policy to learn more about what cookies we use, their nature, purpose and the related usage of your personal information on the Waitrose & Partners website.
Back to top
3. Online shopping
General information and payment security
Delivery/collection restrictions
Delivery is available in restricted areas.
Collection for orders placed via Waitrose.com is available from selected branches.
Collection for Food Made to Order is available from all branches except selected Convenience stores.
We reserve the right to restrict deliveries in certain areas. This includes the right to withdraw our services to individual customers' addresses if you are repeatedly unavailable to take delivery of your shopping at your chosen slot time or in other exceptional circumstances.
Delivery and collection arrangements
Deliveries and collection times vary by branch.  At the point at which you place your order, the full list of available delivery/collection times will be shown.
Products must be signed for at the delivery address (or upon collection), by you or by your nominated representative.  Products will not be left unattended, for example in a garage.  If, in the unfortunate situation no one is available to accept and sign for your delivery, a card will be left by our driver asking you to contact your local Waitrose & Partners branch or our Customer Care Team at your earliest convenience to arrange an alternative delivery time. Redelivery is subject to availability. If you fail to rearrange delivery, your order will be cancelled.
If Waitrose & Partners delivers outside the specified delivery period and no one is available to accept the products, a card will be left asking you to contact Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team. There will be no charge for the rearranged delivery, and we will do our very best to get your shopping delivered as soon as is practically possible. In cases where it is not possible to offer redelivery, your order will be cancelled and the cost of your order and any other associated charges will be refunded to you.
If you have not contacted us to rearrange a failed delivery or collection within 24 hours, your order will be cancelled and the cost of your order (excluding the cost of perishable items and any other associated charges) will be refunded to you.
If your nominated representative is not aged 18 or above, we will not deliver any products, including those that are Restricted Items (as defined in section 1 "Use of the website" above).  Our drivers apply our "Challenge 25 Policy" and so proof of age will be requested if the person receiving the products looks under 25 years old.
Pursuant to the Licensing Act 2003 it is an offence for any person under the age of 18 to buy, or attempt to buy, intoxicating liquor, or for any person over the age of 18 to buy intoxicating liquor on behalf of any person under the age of 18, subject to a maximum fine on conviction of £1,000.
Waitrose.com is committed to upholding both their legal and social obligations as a retailer of intoxicating liquor and other Restricted Items. In order to achieve this, Waitrose.com has introduced a number of control checks throughout the purchase and physical distribution process (e.g. confirming your date of birth and requesting formal identification of anyone who they consider to be younger than the relevant age (i.e. 25 years old pursuant to our Challenge 25 Policy) who is a buyer or recipient of the delivery.
In accepting these Terms and Conditions you agree to provide Waitrose & Partners with truthful and accurate information and act in accordance with them and legal obligations including the Licensing Act of 2003. For the purposes of the Licensing Act 2003, any alcohol included in your order will be appropriated by you to the contract at the same central, licensed premises at which your payment is taken and where the contract for sale is made. This simply means that the sale of any alcohol included in your order will take place at such premises. This has no practical effect on you other than to improve our fulfilment of your orders that contain alcohol, nor does it impact on our policies aimed at preventing deliveries of alcohol to minors.
Our refund policy
Our Goodwill policy
In addition to your statutory rights under consumer laws in the United Kingdom, we have a goodwill policy. Under our goodwill policy, within 35 days after you have received your products from us, you are not entirely satisfied with them you can return them to the Branch from which you bought them (or where return to the original Branch is no longer reasonably possible, then you can return them to your nearest Branch) together with your proof of purchase and we will refund you for or replace/exchange the returned items even though you may no longer have a right under law for us to do so. We will refund the value of the items by using the same payment method which you used when you bought them from us, except where you do not have adequate proof of purchase. Where inadequate proof of purchase is not provided by you, we may instead choose to refund the value of the returned items by providing you with a Waitrose & Partners gift card or vouchers for the equivalent value of the returned items. Our goodwill policy is however discretionary and some items are excluded from it such as items that are used or damaged by you, items where the seal or packaging has been broken by you, perishable items including food and flowers and made to order or personalised items.
Your legal rights
Your other legal rights to refund, repair or replacement under consumer laws
Under consumer laws in the United Kingdom, we must supply our goods to you as described, fit for purpose and they must be of satisfactory quality. If we supply services to you, then we must supply them with reasonable care and skill.
During the expected lifespan of the product your legal rights under consumer laws in the United Kingdom entitle you to the following:
- up to 30 days: if you have changed your mind about the product you have purchased then unless the product is faulty, you have 30 days to return it in its original condition e.g. kept in the original packaging and labels and is undamaged and unused.
- up to six months: if your goods can't be repaired or replaced, then you're entitled to a full refund, in most cases.
- over six months: if a fault develops after the first 6 months then you may be able to claim a refund or have the product repaired or replaced. However, we may require proof that the product is faulty.
- up to six years: if your goods do not last a reasonable length of time you may be entitled to some money back.
Online purchases: Customers must inform the retailer that they wish to cancel within 14 days of receiving the goods. Customers then have 14 days to return the goods once the retailer has been informed. Refunds will be given within 14 days of receiving the goods back.
Under consumer laws in the United Kingdom, if your product is digital content (for example music, DVDs or computer software), if it is faulty, then you are entitled to a repair or a replacement or if the fault can't be fixed, or if it hasn't been fixed within a reasonable time and without significant inconvenience, you can get some or all of your money back.  If you can show that the fault has damaged your device and we have not used reasonable care and skill, you may be entitled to a repair or compensation.
If your have bought services from us, under consumer laws in the United Kingdom you can ask us to repeat or fix a service if it is not carried out with reasonable care and skill, or you can get some money back if we cannot fix it.  If you have not agreed a price with us beforehand, what you are asked to pay must be reasonable. If you have not agreed a time beforehand, then it must be carried out within a reasonable time.
If you wish to exercise your legal rights to reject products you must return them in person to us (either where you bought them or post them back to us or, if they are not suitable for posting, allow us to collect them from you).  We will pay the costs of postage or collection.
There may be some exceptions to these rights such as for those products and services listed below where, for reasons of hygiene, safety or under law we are not able to refund or exchange items unless faulty, not as described, not fit for purpose or of satisfactory quality:   Chilled and Frozen Products (including Food Made To Order); Baby Food and Milk; Gift Cards, Vouchers and e-top ups; Fireworks; Lottery Tickets and Scratch Cards; Tobacco, Cigarettes, Tobacco Products and Cigars; unsealed DVDs, CDs or Video Games, Unsealed Earrings or Hair Accessories; Unsealed Bedding.
None of the above affects your statutory rights.
You have additional rights of cancellation if you order products online.  These are described below in the section called "Cancellation rights".
Cancellation rights
Details of our goodwill policy as well as a description of your rights to refunds, repairs or replacements as described above within this section 3.
You are also entitled under consumer laws in the United Kingdom to cancel your order if you are contracting with us online or by phone and, should you wish to do so, Waitrose & Partners will refund or replace any products if you return them to us within 14 days after the day you receive them (so long as you have not unreasonably or unnecessarily handled or damaged them or their packaging).
There may be some exceptions such as those listed below where, for reasons of hygiene, safety or under law we are not able to refund or exchange items unless they are faulty or not as described or not fit for purpose or of satisfactory quality:   Chilled and Frozen Products (including Food Made to Order); Baby Food and Milk; Gift Cards, Vouchers and e-top ups; Fireworks; Lottery Tickets and Scratch Cards; Tobacco, Cigarettes, Tobacco Products and Cigars; unsealed DVDs, CDs or Video Games, Unsealed Earrings or Hair Accessories; Unsealed Bedding; or products made to your specification that have been clearly personalised.
We will also refund any services up until 14 days after we confirm to you in writing that we have accepted your order for them. Once we have completed the services however you may not be able to obtain a refund if you have changed your mind.
If you wish to exercise your right of cancellation for products that you have ordered online, you are obliged to retain possession of the products and take reasonable care of them or return them to us.
If you decide to cancel products that you have ordered online, we will reimburse to you (by the method used to pay for the original transaction) the amount in relation to products to which cancellation rights apply.  This includes the cost of delivery (except for the supplementary costs arising if you choose a type of delivery other than our standard and least expensive method of delivery). We may make a deduction from the reimbursement for loss in value of any products supplied, if the loss is the result of unnecessary handling by you.  We will make the reimbursement no later than 14 days after the day we receive back from you any products supplied.
Please contact the Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team on 0800 188 881 or by email to customerserviceteam@waitrose.co.uk with any queries and follow the process set out in below.
Notice of an order cancellation must be given by phoning the Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team on 0800 188 881 or by email to customerserviceteam@waitrose.co.uk or in writing to Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team, details as provided above in the "1. Use of the website" section. Alternatively, you can send us the Model Cancellation Form, downloadable here.
General payment provisions
Luncheon Vouchers and coupons cannot be used as a method of payment online. However they may be used when paying in branch.
Any of the following cards may be used to pay for your shopping: Partnership Card, John Lewis Business Account Card, Visa Debit (Delta), Maestro UK, MasterCard, Visa Credit, Solo, American Express.
There is a limit of ten gift vouchers per transaction for Groceries, Food Made to Order, Cellar, Florist and Gifts.
If payment is being made in part or whole by gift card, a gift card can only be applied to an order once. If the gift card is added to an order and the same order is later edited and increased in value, further funds from the same gift card cannot be taken even if subsequent funds are available.
If payment details have been given we will not charge your card until your order is packed and goes through the checkout in store on the day of delivery or collection.
All customers collecting shopping, whether the registered customer or a third party, will be asked to provide a form of identification for the person who is paying for the shopping. The identification must match the cardholder name shown in the payment details on the checkout page. The card itself will not be required.
Through your bank or credit card provider, you may be entitled to cancel a payment or have such sums re-credited to your payment card where fraudulent use of your payment card has been made by another person not acting on your behalf.
Payment Security Policy
We will treat all of your personal data as confidential. We will keep it on a secure server and fully comply with all applicable privacy regulations and consumer legislation. If you would like to read more on how we collect, where we collect or how we use your personal information, please see our Privacy Notice here. You can also find information in the Privacy Notice on how to stop receiving marketing information.
Credit Card safety when shopping online
The Waitrose & Partners online food shopping service uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt your details as they are being transmitted to us.  This technology is designed to minimise the risk that someone else could breach your privacy when shopping online with us.
We provide you with an option to store your card details with us, so that you can order from us again without needing to type your details in. To assist to keep your card information secure, we only display the last four digits of your stored card number on our website to you, when logged into your 'My Waitrose' account. If you do not wish to store your card details with us, you can instead enter these in each time you place an order with the Waitrose & Partners online food shopping service.
Your payment details are held by us in a secure encrypted server and access to this data is secured internally within Waitrose & Partners. We encrypt card numbers by using a security system which is a common standard relied on by the main financial and banking institutions called Triple DES (Data Encryption Standard).
Errors/shortages, not fulfilling orders and quantity limits
If there are errors or shortages in what we supply to you, we ask that these are brought to the attention of Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team (using the contact details set out above in section 1) as soon as possible and preferably within seven days after the delivery or collection.
Waitrose & Partners may decline to fulfill any order or we may limit the number of units of products per customer or order (including for any bulk purchases of items on promotion or special offers). This applies to all orders – whether through our online shopping and delivery or collection, our 'shop-in-branch and we deliver' service or in branch.
Nutritional information
Waitrose & Partners has produced nutritional information on this website for the general information of the public. It contains information gathered from various sources and, although Waitrose & Partners believes it to be accurate at the time of publication, to the extent permitted by applicable law and except as otherwise set out in these Terms and Conditions, Waitrose & Partners accepts no responsibility for, and makes no representation or gives any warranty or undertaking express or implied as to the accuracy or completeness of the information.
General Pricing Policy
Prices quoted are always estimated for a variety of reasons listed below, but you will always be charged the in-store price on the day of delivery or collection. You have the right to return any product with the driver or directly to the branch if you have any issues with price(s) charged and we will refund the amount that you have been charged for that product.
Prices and the availability of special offers may vary for future dated deliveries and collections.
All special offer discounts, such as Mixed Case Wine Offer and multi-value offers, will be deducted in-store.
Where Multi-value offers apply to a set of differently priced items, the saving or free item applies to the cheapest item or items.
The unit price for products that are weighed and displayed on the site are calculated on drained weight where applicable.
Weighed items such as fruit may vary in weight from that ordered.
Where an item is unavailable and you have indicated that you will accept substitutions, an alternative will be supplied that may affect the price that you pay. If we substitute an item with a more expensive one, you’ll only pay the lower of the two prices (if the item we are substituting was of a fixed weight and therefore has a known price). Upon delivery or collection you will be made aware of unavailable items and their substitutes. You have the right to reject any substitutes offered and we will refund the amount that you have been charged for that product.
Where the only stock available of a product  line is reduced in price in branch, the product will be supplied but at zero price.
The prices stated on the site are inclusive of any VAT payable.
Charges for delivery and collection for online shopping and "click
and collect"
You will not be charged for your shopping to be picked and packed.
Charges apply for certain deliveries and collections for your online shopping orders or using the "click and collect" service unless you qualify for a free delivery or collection service. Free delivery applies to selected postcodes only.
Unless ordering only Food Made to Order for collection in branch (where there is no minimum spend criteria), to qualify for free delivery or collection, you must meet thee below minimum spend on groceries and/or Food Made to Order when shopping online:
- £40 for deliveries; or
- £40 for collection in branch.
We reserve the right to amend our delivery charges and minimum spend requirements.  They will be clearly defined during the checkout process.
Charges for delivery using the 'shop-in-branch and we deliver' service
Some of our branches offer a 'shop-in-branch and we deliver' service. Charges may apply for this delivery service.
Payment
If you have booked a Waitrose.com order for collection and no payment card details have been entered on the checkout page you will be asked to pay for the products on collection. If you have booked a delivery and invalid card details have been entered on the checkout page Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team will contact you to request payment details over the telephone before delivery can be made.
Please see the General Payment Provisions above for further details.
Amendments to orders
Amendments to placed Grocery orders must be completed by 12 noon on the day before delivery or collection. Food Made to Order (Non-Grocery) items may only be added if sufficient notice is given. Details of the notice period are displayed against each product.
Seasonal order amendments
Amendments to Food Made to Order (Non-Grocery) placed Christmas orders must be completed by midnight on the 15th December. For placed New Years orders amendments must be completed by midnight on 21st December.
Placed Grocery orders can, however, be amended up to 12 noon the day before delivery or collection.
In the case of mixed orders (i.e. Non-Grocery and Grocery), the Non-Grocery Amendment and Grocery Amendment terms of service apply to the Non-Grocery and Grocery elements of the order, respectively.
Specific exclusions
Some items that are available in branch will not be available on the Waitrose.com service. These may include hot foods, greetings cards, self selection items (e.g. sweets, cheeses, olives, salads), Create a Pizza, Gift Vouchers, cosmetics and pre-packed sushi. Other items may be excluded at various times.
Service counter lines and newspapers will not be available for deliveries or collections before 09.00.
Country of Origin Information
Waitrose & Partners are required to provide Country of Origin information for loose and pre-packed fruit and vegetable produce.
For items sold online with more than one possible Country of Origin, all possible countries will be displayed.
Please note that in exceptional circumstances, the actual Country of Origin might vary from the list displayed online.
Customers having ordered these items via the Waitrose.com website will be able to check the actual Country of Origin on the items, once the products have been received.
Should the customer not be satisfied with an item because of its Country of Origin, the customer can reject it at the point of delivery or collection or as set out above in the "Cancellation rights" section.
Any refunds for unwanted returned items will be made after the products have been returned.
Please contact the Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team on 0800 188 881 or by email to customerserviceteam@waitrose.co.uk with any queries.
Service counter Beef and Veal Traceability
We are required to provide traceability information about Beef and Veal sold via our service counters, to those customers who request it.
Uncooked Beef and Veal which have been seasoned or processed (such as beef in barbecue sauce, beef Wellington, beef burgers) are not covered. Neither is offal or mince.
Traceability information can only be supplied if it is requested at the point of ordering online. Please refer to "How can I request traceability information for Beef / Veal?"  in the "HELP" section of the website for the correct process to follow.
Promotional terms used on the website
We often use certain terms and promotional features on our website, which have the following meanings:
"Advertising promotions" relate to promotional content that has been created by Waitrose & Partners in conjunction with suppliers of the products featured.
"Suggested" products, are those products which Waitrose & Partners has agreed to promote with the relevant supplier and will therefore appear at the top of your search results.
Waitrose.com guarantees and returns
Customers are covered by our quality guarantee on every product which means that our products will be of satisfactory quality, fit for their purpose and match our description of them to you.  If we deliver a product to you that does not meet these requirements, you can contact us for a repair or replacement or, where this is not possible, for a refund.
Should the customer not be satisfied with an item, the customer can reject it at the point of delivery or collection or as set out above in the "Cancellation rights" section.
Please contact the Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team on 0800 188 881 or by email to customerserviceteam@waitrose.co.uk with any queries and follow the process set out in in the "Cancellation rights" section above.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions will reduce your statutory rights relating to faulty or mis-described products. For further information about your statutory rights contact your local authority, Trading Standards Department or Citizens Advice Bureau.
Any refunds for unwanted substitutions or returned items will be made after the products have been returned.
Images are provided to help recognise products. Due to packaging redesign and improvements these may not reflect exactly the pack you receive.
Online Dispute Resolution
If after following our internal complaints procedure you still feel that we have not satisfactorily resolved your complaint, then you can access the European Commission Online Dispute Resolution platform by following this link.
Food Made to Order
Ordering methods
The Food Made to Order range of products is available to order:
Online via Waitrose.com
In branch
By telephone via Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team
All orders are subject to the applicable minimum order value.
Charges for the delivery and collection service
See the sections above called "Charges for delivery and collection for online shopping and "click and collect" and Charges for delivery using the 'shop-in-branch and we deliver' service sections above for information about delivery and collection service charges.
Payment
If you have booked a Food Made to Order collection in the branch or on the telephone and no payment card details have been provided you will be asked to pay for the products on collection.
If you have booked a Food Made to Order collection or delivery on the internet payment card details are required to secure your order.
Any customer wishing to cancel their order must do so before 11.45am the day before collection to avoid a charge being made.
Please see the General Payment Provisions above for further details.
Amendments to orders
Amendments to placed grocery orders must be completed by 12 noon on the day before delivery or collection. However, Food Made to Order items may only be added if sufficient notice is given.
Details of the notice period are displayed against each product.
Food Made to Order guarantees and returns
Customers are covered by our quality guarantee on every product which means that our products will be of satisfactory quality, fit for their purpose and match our description of them to you.  If we deliver a product to you that is not of satisfactory quality, you can contact us for a repair or replacement or, where this is not possible, for a refund.  Should the customer not be satisfied with an item, the customer can reject it at the point of delivery or collection or as set out above in the "Cancellation rights" section.
Please contact the Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team on 0800 188 881 or by email to customerserviceteam@waitrose.co.uk with any queries and follow the process set out in in the "Cancellation rights" section above.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions will reduce your statutory rights relating to faulty or mis-described products. For further information about your statutory rights contact your local authority, Trading Standards Department or Citizens Advice Bureau.
Any refunds for unwanted substitutions or returned items will be made after the products have been returned.
Images are provided to help recognise products. Due to packaging redesign and improvements these may not reflect exactly the pack you receive.
Glass Loan
The glass loan service is only available to myWaitrose members.
All glasses must be washed before and after use
Glasses must be returned clean and on the agreed date
Any missing or damaged glasses will be charged at £1 per glass
Replacements for missing or damaged glasses will not be accepted
This service is for customer use only
All loans are subject to availability
Selected stores
Waitrose & Partners Delivery Service
Eligibility
Delivery only available in selected postcodes. Service only available in selected branches.
Shopping and Delivery
Shopping must be completed in time for delivery. For same day deliveries after 1pm you must complete your shopping by 12 noon (please note that there are no same day deliveries before 1pm). For next day delivery you will need to complete your shopping before the branch closes.
All deliveries must be booked prior to the delivery date, shopping and payment can take place on day of delivery adhering to the above exclusions.
At the checkout tell the cashier that you are a Waitrose & Partners delivery service customer before they process your shopping. You will also need to inform the cashier if you wish to pack your shopping in bags whereby you will be charged 5p per bag or to have your shopping delivered without bags.
When using the Fastrack service, shopping will be charged to your registered card. Please note, we are unable to accept gift vouchers, incentives, money off coupons or myWaitrose cards when using the Fastrack service. Before you start your shopping for Fastrack, you will be required to inform the Partner whether you wish to have your shopping packed into bags where a charge will be applied of 5p per bag will be applied or to have your shopping delivered bagless.
Products may be delivered either on the day of purchase (subject to the delivery period being available) or during an agreed delivery period the following day. Under no circumstances will products be accepted for processing more than one day in advance of the agreed delivery time.
Products will always be delivered to the customer's registered delivery address unless, when booking, an alternative address, within the delivery area, is given.
Customers who book a Waitrose & Partners delivery service slot in advance and then fail to use this may have their Waitrose & Partners delivery service account locked.
Products must be signed for at the delivery address (or upon collection), by you or by your nominated representative.  If your nominated representative is not aged 18 or above, any products including those that are Restricted Items (as that term is defined in section 1 "Use of the website" above), will not be delivered.  Products will not be left unattended, for example in a garage.  Our drivers apply our "Challenge 25 Policy" and so proof of age will be requested if the person receiving the products looks under 25 years old.
Charges
Each delivery of products totaling £50 or more will be subject to a charge of £3. All deliveries of products totaling less than £50 will be subject to a £5 delivery charge.
Specific exclusions
Hot food and large, bulky items are also excluded such as non grocery lines such as large electrical, household products available in selected branches e.g. Televisions, hoovers.
Food that should be consumed on the day of purchase must be delivered on the same day. If a delivery is to be made on any other day than the day of purchase the customer must take these items with them. Waitrose & Partners take no liability for delivering food that is out of sell by date if delivering the following day.
Waitrose & Partners delivery service guarantees and returns
Customers are covered by our quality guarantee on every product which means that our products will be of satisfactory quality, fit for their purpose and match our description of them to you.  If we deliver a product to you that is not of satisfactory quality, you can contact us for a repair or replacement or, where this is not possible, for a refund.  Should the customer not be satisfied with an item, the customer can reject it at the point of delivery or collection or as set out above in the "Cancellation rights" section.
Please contact the Waitrose & Partners Customer Care Team on 0800 188 881 or by email to customerserviceteam@waitrose.co.uk with any queries and follow the process set out in in the "Cancellation rights" section above.
Nothing in these terms and conditions will affect your statutory rights relating to faulty or mis-described products. For further information about your statutory rights contact your local authority, Trading Standards Department or Citizens Advice Bureau.
Back to top
4. Linking Policy
Links to other websites
Waitrose.com aims to include links to websites that provide relevant and useful information for people interested in food and drink. We do not link to individual personal websites and will not knowingly provide links to sites that contain illegal, offensive or misleading information. Where an organisation has regional or local services and associated websites, we will only link to their national website.
Wherever possible we aim to link to UK-based websites to ensure information is appropriate and relevant to our customers, and will only link to non-UK based websites when no equivalent website exists in the UK or if the information is directly pertinent to our users.
Links will be provided at the discretion of Waitrose.com. Although we endeavour to check sites for high quality, accurate and appropriate information, Waitrose & Partners will accept no responsibility or liability for any material or service contained on any web site which is not under the control of Waitrose & Partners nor does the existence of such links represent any endorsement or other acceptance of responsibility or liability by Waitrose for any products or services provided or available on such sites.
Linking to Waitrose.com
You do not need to request permission to create a text link from your website to Waitrose.com. However, please use the following descriptive text: 'Online shopping, recipes, food and drink information at Waitrose.com'
If you would like to use a graphic or logo alongside a link, please contact us.
Company Information
Company Address
Waitrose Ltd Registered Office
171 Victoria Street
London
SW1E 5NN
Registered in England. Company number: 99405
VAT Number: 232 457 280
Copyright Waitrose Limited. All rights reserved. No part of this website may be reproduced in any material forms (including storing in any medium by electronic means) without the prior written permission of Waitrose Limited. All requests for permission should be addressed to Marketing Manager, Internet and Ecommerce, Waitrose Limited, Doncastle Road, Bracknell, Berkshire, RG12 8YA.
Back to top
5. Mobile Access
This section of the Terms and Conditions applies (in addition to the remaining Terms and Conditions) when you access this website using a mobile application or a version of this website optimised for use on mobile devices (the "Mobile Access Channel").If you do not agree to be bound by any of these Terms and Conditions, you may not use or access the Mobile Access Channel and should, if applicable, delete any mobile application used to access the Mobile Access Channel.
The Mobile Access Channel is data intensive.  You are responsible for any carrier or other data charges incurred when using it, and neither we nor any member of the John Lewis corporate group of companies will be liable for any charges you incur.  We recommend you check with your network provider if you are unsure of the charges that may apply.
The Mobile Access Channel will use your device's cellular and/or Wi-Fi connection to synchronise content, including recipes, product catalogue and branch information on the Mobile Access Channel with the information on the main Waitrose & Partners website.
As we have no control over your device's network connection, except to the extent required by applicable law or as otherwise set out in these Terms and Conditions, we do not represent or warrant that any information (including prices, stock availability, product and store information) is correct or up to date. In the event of a price discrepancy, content and prices published on the Waitrose.com website will take precedence over any other publication or place of publication. You should be aware that prices shown on the Mobile Access Channel may also differ from those shown in Waitrose & Partners branches or on the Waitrose.com website.
By using the Mobile Access Channel to locate Waitrose & Partners branches in your vicinity, you consent to Waitrose & Partners collecting location data from your mobile device solely for the purposes of providing you with details of your closest Waitrose & Partners branch. Waitrose & Partners uses this location data anonymously and will not use it for any other purpose.
The Mobile Access Channel is only intended for use by users located in the United Kingdom excluding the Channel Islands.  For customers in the Channel Islands, for further information please refer to our Channel Islands Terms and Conditions here.
Users accessing the Mobile Access Channel from outside the United Kingdom are responsible for confirming the legality of doing so under local law, and should also note the section of these Terms and Conditions entitled "Delivery/collection restrictions".
Back to top
6. Price match
At Waitrose & Partners, we believe that you should be able to shop for a fair price without compromising on either quality or service. We know price is really important, and that’s why we put so much effort into getting it right. We have been regularly checking the prices of some of our competitors since 2006, and since 2010 we have committed to be the same price as Tesco - using them as a benchmark for the supermarket industry - on more than 1,000 everyday branded products, week in, week out, excluding promotions. As you would expect from Waitrose & Partners, there are no gimmicks, no coupons to redeem against a later shop, and no need to check your receipt online. We simply match the prices on the shelf, so you benefit immediately when you pay.
We do this by regularly checking www.tesco.com for the price of branded products that both Tesco and Waitrose & Partners sell. Tesco prices are checked online at www.tesco.com for a postcode served by large Tesco stores, so prices checked will exclude Tesco Metro and Tesco Express.
Everyday branded products are selected from our food and drink grocery ranges. For “Price Match” marked products, standard retail prices are matched on identical branded products at www.tesco.com. This excludes own-label lines, multi-buys and temporary promotions or any other special offers. In line with our responsible approach to selling alcohol, we will not price match on any alcohol product where to do so would mean selling below cost. If Tesco has an item on a multi-buy promotion (for example, 'buy one get one free'), we will still match the single unit selling price of the item but not offer the free product. If Tesco reduce the price of a product which is pending temporary promotion within Waitrose & Partners we remove the product from the selection of products on which we price match.
The offer does not apply to Little Waitrose stores or Waitrose & Partners stores in the Channel Islands, or to Welcome Break and Shell concessions.
However, our commitment to value is about much more than competitive prices, it’s about all those extra things that are worth a lot - like great customer service, or feeling confident that the product you’ve just bought will taste delicious, and the knowledge that we source responsibly.
We may withdraw from this policy at any time without notice.
For further information on the price comparison please contact Customer Services and Support at Waitrose & Partners, Bracknell, Berkshire RG12 8YA.
Back to top
Jump to...
1. Use of the website
2. Privacy Notice
3. Online shopping
General information and payment security
Delivering shopping
WaitroseEntertaining
Waitrose Delivery Service
4. Linking Policy
5. Mobile Access
6. Price match