http://www.centerforfamily.com/privacy-policy
Home Page
Adoption Blog | Contact Us
Follow Us:
Client Reviews
Call us: 800-869-1005
Menu
About Us
Overview
Meet our Staff
Why work with us?
Agency statistics
Policies and Practices
Annual Report
For Professionals
Make a referral
Training & Support
Unplanned Pregnancy
Overview
Find a family
Matched
Recently Adopted
Useful Information
Is adoption right for you
Birth parent services
How to choose a family
What you can expect
What are my options?
Request information
Resource center
Pregnancy Resources Illinois
Pregnancy Resources Indiana
Support for birth fathers
Frequently asked questions
Adoption glossary
Positive adoption language
Adoption myths and facts
Birth mother stories
Rights & responsibilities
Hoping to Adopt?
Overview
Application
Information session
Forms
Rights & Responsibilities
Resource center
Adoption myths and facts
Frequently asked questions
Suggested reading
Adoption benefit program
Donors
Donate Now
2019 Summer Fundraiser
20th Anniversary Party
Find a Family
Waiting
Matched
Recently Adopted
Adoption Education
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the web site of Adoption Center for Family Building, Inc. and reviewing our privacy policy. At Adoption Center for Family Building, we take your privacy seriously. In general, you can visit Adoption Center for Family Building on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (i.e., any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured that it will only be used to support your relationship with Adoption Center for Family Building.
What Every Client Should Know
Regardless of the circumstances that have brought you to Adoption Center for Family Building, we will endeavor to make your experience with us as positive, satisfying and fulfilling as possible. We view our relationship with you as a true partnership.
Donor Privacy Policy
Adoption Center for Family Building does not sell, rent or lend the street addresses or e-mail addresses of our donors, subscribers or clients.
Public Forums
Adoption Center for Family Building may make social media platforms, chat rooms, forums, message boards, blogs, and/or news groups available to you. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Links to Other Sites
Our site may contain links to other web sites, including web sites directed towards children. We have no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our business partners, sponsors or other sites to which we provide links from our site. We encourage you to check the applicable privacy policy of the web site sponsor when linking to other web sites.
Any reference or link to a commercial or noncommercial product, process, service, or company is not an endorsement or recommendation by Adoption Center for Family Building. Adoption Center for Family Building does not endorse or recommend products, services, or manufacturers. Adoption Center for Family Building assumes no liability whatsoever for the use or contents of any product or service mentioned.
E-Mail Communication
Adoption Center for Family Building will only collect personal information that you knowingly and voluntarily provide by, for example, sending us e-mails. If you provide us with personal information, we will respond to your inquiry or request by postal service mail, e-mail, or telephone, depending on your requests and our resources.
We may also contact you to provide information about Adoption Center for Family Building activities, programs, and development opportunities and special events that may interest you. We will never share your name or information outside Adoption Center for Family Building unless you affirmatively authorize us to do so.
The Adoption Center for Family Building web site offers opportunities to communicate with some of our programs by e-mail. Because normal e-mail is not encrypted, the possibility exists that unauthorized individuals may intercept e-mail messages with us. Adoption Center for Family Building is not responsible for privacy of e-mail messages except those stored in our system.
Choice/Opt-Out
You always have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving our communications at the point where we request your electronic contact information. If you wish to remove your contact information from our database and not receive future communications from us, send an email request to info@centerforfamily.com.
Security
We use industry standard security measures to protect your data and confidential information. Credit card information that is collection for various purposes such as donations is not stored on our servers.
Disclaimers
Adoption Center for Family Building is proud to be a source of information for our many programs and services. Our comments are based on professional advice, experience and expert opinion, but do not represent therapeutic recommendation or prescription. For specific information and advice, consult your personal physician, attorney, financial adviser, and/or tax preparer.
The Adoption Center for Family Building web site address (URL) is http://www.centerforfamily.com. When you visit our web site, our web servers automatically recognize the browser’s domain name, IP address, operating system, browser type and version as well as the referring URL. Our servers do not record e-mail addresses. We collect the domain names and IP addresses in order to aggregate information on what pages users access or visit. This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals.
As you browse the Adoption Center for Family Building website, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partners enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with our website. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number.
If you have other questions about this privacy policy, or have suggestions on how it may be improved, please feel free to e-mail us at info@centerforfamily.com, or contact us by telephone at 800-869-1005.
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time, and will post any changes to this policy as soon as they go into effect. It is your responsibility to refer to this privacy policy upon accessing this site.
Latest from the blog:
Donate Now
Adoption Center for Family Building is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. We provide valuable resources, financial assistance, and professional counseling to women facing an unplanned pregnancy. Please support our mission.
Click to Donate
Client Reviews
"We had an amazing experience with this agency. The counselors are open minded, supportive of birth mothers and prospective adoptive families."
Client Reviews
Text us at 773-919-5702 by entering your message below and click Send Message.
×
© 2020 Adoption Center for Family Building
Indiana License #53635  |  Illinois License #283072
Home  |  About Us  |  Unplanned Pregnancy?  |  Hoping To Adopt?  |  For Professionals | Blog
Privacy Policy  |  Refund Policy   |   Policies and Practices  |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Donate  |  Follow us:
Home  |  About Us
Unplanned Pregnancy?  |  Hoping To Adopt?
For Professionals | Adoption Blog
Privacy Policy  |  Refund Policy
Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Donate
Follow us: