https://www.windowbox.com/garden-decorations/garden-privacy-screens.html
Questions?Call Us!1-888-427-3362
Sign In
Account
(0)
Checkout
Home
/
Garden Decorations
/
Privacy Screens and Dividers
Outdoor Privacy Screens, Panels and Patio Dividers
Create a light, airy patio for weekend enjoyment or completely block out unwanted views with outdoor privacy screens - an affordable solution to deck, balcony and backyard privacy. These decorative garden screens can be used in a number of ways to construct the outdoor space of your dreams, limited only by your imagination! They're made from 95% organic materials and offered in 60%-90% privacy blockage levels. Available in 2 convenient sizes, you can rest easy knowing your décor is also eco-friendly. Mount them as-is, or paint panels in your favorite colors. Panels can be hung on tired, old wood fences and are an attractive way to cover air conditioning vents and other unattractive architectural features around your home or business.
I addition to our Australian hardwood panels, we also offer beautiful artificial boxwood hedges in fiberglass or metal planters. Faux English ivy hedges are also available for a lush look. Add a maintenance-free ivy trellis near your balcony rail to increase privacy, or line your patio with European iron planters and our crisp Japanese boxwood. These commercial-quality artificial plants are UV protected for daily outdoor use and are an upscale way to decorate your patio, roof deck or front porch. Explore our collection of garden screens and space dividers online or call toll-free to work with a product specialist: 1-888-427-3362
Read More >
Read Less >
Sort By
Position
Name
Price
Set Descending Direction
4 Item(s)
Show
24
48
72
All
Broadway Ivy Privacy Hedge Planters
Starting at:
$691.97
View Details
Broadway Boxwood Privacy Hedge Planters
Starting at:
$691.97
View Details
European Iron Planter Divider with Artificial Boxwood Hedge
Price From:
$864.97
View Details
European Iron Planter Divider with Artificial Ivy Hedge
Price From:
$864.97
View Details
Sort By
Position
Name
Price
Set Descending Direction
4 Item(s)
Show
24
48
72
All
Easy DIY for Breathtaking Backyards & Patios
If you enjoy spending time outdoors, you might also wish you could engage in your favorite backyard activities with a bit more peace and quiet. You like visiting with your neighbors and being a part of your community, but sometimes you want to commune with nature alone in your own space. With our natural timber screens and hedge planters, you can add an element of privacy to your yard, allowing you to enjoy gardening, yoga or just a few minutes of peaceful quietness in the great outdoors without interruption. The modular design makes it easy to create virtually any structure or accent, anywhere you like. Check out our installation and finishing guide for details, then get your imagination in gear!
Outdoor Privacy Screens for All Purposes
Here at WindowBox.com we enjoy occasional opportunities for seclusion, and the need for attractive design. We bring you collections of products that are the best combination of form and function, for lasting home and garden products you can enjoy for years to come. Our Timber Panels and Privacy Hedges each offer their own unique value and aesthetic, and the customization possibilities are virtually endless. We're sure you'll find a product that suits your needs.
About Timber Panels
Our 48" x 24" and 70" x 48" deck and patio screens are made from sustainable wood sourced in Australia, and are comprised of 95&percnt organic content. This means you are reducing your carbon footprint by investing in sustainable, recycled material. Outdoor privacy screens can be placed in a garden as either fencing or as a creative way to block the sun or obstruct the view from a certain direction. They are available in a variety of sizes, patterns and different blockage levels, from the Chevron pattern which offers blockage of 80&percnt, to the practically wall-like 90&percnt blockage of the Stratosphere, which has a wispy cumulus cloud pattern. Finding the right pattern and blockage level can be a challenge, but with our wide range of patterns and blockage levels to choose from, we're sure you will find the right investment for your personal oasis.
Choosing a Panel Design
Want decorative partitions with clean lines and a definitive pattern? The aforementioned Chevron style is ideal, but we also have the Blocks pattern, which resembles the shape of mahjong tiles. For significant isolation and high fashion, the Cotai oriental pattern is an interesting combination of circles and curves that create a linear pattern. If you prefer something a bit more eccentric, the Zagora combines irregular circles and places them in a square Marrakesh-inspired geometric pattern, perfect for boho and Moroccan design themes. The Monrovia will leave you wondering whether you are seeing leaves or rocks with its flowing leafstream motif, while the star anise pattern on our Orion panel looks like a galaxy far, far away. And for tiki and tropical-themed spaces, the Bali and the St. Lucia more than fit the bill when it comes to form and functionality. Whichever style you choose you will enhance the look of your yard and gain the seclusion you want, but we're happy to help walk you through the design process. Call us weekdays 7am-5pm PT at 1-888-427-3362
About Timber Screen Blockage Ratings
Our product lines can be used to keep things in, keep things out and to either hide or distort items. Depending on the pattern and blockage, a screen can be almost as effective as a wall, but still allows air and light to flow freely. Your choice will be based on how you want to use it. Larger patterns may offer less privacy. On the other hand, a tight, intricate pattern produces limited visibility. Our products range from a blockage level of 60% up to 90% blockage.
60% Minimal/Partial Privacy - Partially partition and visually block views without closing off your space.
80% Moderate Privacy - Play with light and shadow while increasing privacy considerably. Meets compliance for 80-20% rule for sunlight blockout.
90% Maximum Privacy - Optimum blocking for almost total blackout effect that's similar to timber slat screening. Works great with LED lighting.
The lower the percentage, the greater the visibility. The higher blockage percentage the tighter the pattern, usually comprised of small cut outs. Whichever type you choose, it will be crafted from natural materials and come ready to install. And if you aren't sure which option is the best to suit your needs, our agents are just a phone call away.
Outdoor Artificial Hedges in Planters
Everyone loves the look of topiaries and perfectly manicured hedges, but the vast majority of people do not have the time or the money to maintain the demanding plant display. Our outdoor artificial hedges look perfect all of the time, and never require trimming or watering. Plus, they are treated with UV inhibitors for fade-resistant beauty that lasts.
European Planter Divider - Black wrought iron planter stand and matching planter cage with your choice of decorative liner (redwood, galvanized metal, PVC, raw copper). Get this classically elegant design with English ivy or Japanese boxwood hedges, in 24" to 72" lengths.
Broadway Privacy Planter - Rectangular Lancaster fiberglass planter in your choice of finish (black, white, bronze). Add optional planter feet to elevate your display an additional inch. Shop this timeless look with English ivy or Japanese boxwood hedges, in 24" to 72" lengths.
The ivy and boxwood tiles we use to make each hedge are securely hand-fastened to a sturdy wrought iron cage that has been powder coated to resist rust. Any time you change your mind, you can lift the hedge and frame out of the planter and replace with real plants. Use the European and Broadway styles to divide outdoor spaces, section off seating areas, or us them to effectively create balcony or backyard solitude. Shop online or call toll-free to request pricing: 1-888-427-3362
Image Gallery
Categories
Window Boxes
Estate Collection Window Boxes
Vinyl Window Boxes
Self Watering Window Boxes
Fiberglass Window Boxes
Wrought Iron Window Boxes
Tapered Iron Window Boxes
Aluminum Window Boxes
Hayrack Window Baskets
Wooden Window Boxes
Copper Window Boxes
Vintage Window Boxes
Window Box - Artificial Flower Arrangements
Window Box Liners
Pots & Planters
Estate Collection Patio Planters
Fiberglass Planters
Vinyl Planters
Wooden Planters
Stone and Resin Planters
Decorative PVC Flower Pots
Clay and Ceramic Pots
Metal & Iron Planters
Living Wall Systems
Railing Planter Boxes
Indoor and Self Watering Planters
Hanging Baskets
Window Box Brackets, Plant Stands & Plant Caddies
Wall-Mount Brackets
Brackets for Deck Railings
Decorative Faux Brackets
Plant Stands & Caddies
Mounting Bolts & Window Box Hardware
Flower Box Holders
Artificial Plants
Terrariums
Hanging Terrariums
Wall Hanging Terrariums
Table Top Terrariums
Terrarium Jars - Cloches
Terrarium Plant Stands
Terrarium Kits & Fairy Garden Supplies
Raised Gardens
Garden Decorations
Privacy Screens and Dividers
Lanterns
Garden Trellises
Garden Statues
Decorative Copper Sprinklers
Country Garden Bells
Garden Clocks & Thermometers
Decorative Bird Feeders & Bird Houses
Bee Houses & Insect Hotels
Outdoor Benches & Furniture
Watering Tools
Automatic Watering
Indoor Watering
Watering Cans
Outdoor Watering
Watering Accessories
Planter Reservoirs
Composting
Gardening Gifts and Seed Kits
Gardening Gift Sets
Seed & Herb Kits
Heirloom Vegetables
Indoor Gardening
Indoor Gardening Helpers
Grow Lights
Indoor Watering
Gardening Tools & Solutions
Hand Tools & Gardening Tools
Gardening Essentials
Greenhouses & Seed Starters
Growing Media & Soil Amendments
Outdoor Flooring Solutions
Potting Benches and Tables
Tomato Growing Gear
Wreaths
Christmas Wreaths
Fall & Autumn Wreaths
Spring Wreaths
Floral Wreaths
Easter Wreaths
Year Round Unique Wreaths
Plant Sconces
Junior Gardeners
Live Plants
Green Plants
Flowering Plants
Orchids
Bonsai & Bamboo
Succulents & Cactus
Sturdy Saplings
Outdoor Fall Plants
Outdoor Spring Plants
WindowBox.com Sale & Clearance Items
Custom Window Boxes
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Copyright © 2020 Windowbox.com. All Rights Reserved.
Questions?Call Us!1-888-427-3362
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Google+
YouTube
6056 Corte Del Cedro
Carlsbad, CA 92011
Home
Grow Guide
Resources & Links
My Account
Shipping Policy
Contact Us
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Site Map
Gardening Blog