https://www.gadreamnannies.com/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use-page/
Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use Page
CLICK HERE TO CONTACT US NOW
Search
HOME
Blog
About
About
In the Press AGAIN – Atlanta’s Most Inspiring Stories
Georgia’s Dream Nannies Featured in Newspapers and Magazines
Guest on Atlanta Live
Talk Show Guest
South Carolina Domestic Staffing Agency
In the Press
Families Start Here
Why Families Select Us
Special Needs Care
Services Offered
Housekeepers
Dream Nannies places nannies, housekeepers and more
How many housekeepers do you need to clean your home
Eco-Friendly Cleaning Service
Family Testimonials
Families: How It Works
Household Staff Start Here
Jobs
New Applicant: Click Here
Jobs Available
FAQ
Testimonials
CONTACT
Search
HOME
Blog
About
About
In the Press AGAIN – Atlanta’s Most Inspiring Stories
Georgia’s Dream Nannies Featured in Newspapers and Magazines
Guest on Atlanta Live
Talk Show Guest
South Carolina Domestic Staffing Agency
In the Press
Families Start Here
Why Families Select Us
Special Needs Care
Services Offered
Housekeepers
Dream Nannies places nannies, housekeepers and more
How many housekeepers do you need to clean your home
Eco-Friendly Cleaning Service
Family Testimonials
Families: How It Works
Household Staff Start Here
Jobs
New Applicant: Click Here
Jobs Available
FAQ
Testimonials
CONTACT
Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use Page
Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use:
This is the web site of gadreamnannies.com
All fees paid to Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc are non-refundable.
Domestic Professionals: By submitting the Nanny Application you agree to the following: ALL INFORMATION THAT I HAVE GIVEN IN THIS APPLICATION IS TRUE IN ALL RESPECTS. I UNDERSTAND THAT THE EMPLOYER WILL RELY ON THIS INFORMATION WHEN HIRING ME. I ALSO UNDERSTAND THAT Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc and my possible employer WILL contact ALL REFERENCES LISTED ON THE APPLICATION. IF ANY PART OF THIS APPLICATION IS FOUND TO BE FALSE CONCERNING ME, I MAY BE IMMEDIATELY DISMISSED WITHOUT FURTHER OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF MY EMPLOYER AND/Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. I UNDERSTAND THAT Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc is NOT LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ACT INITIATED BY ME, THE EMPLOYEE (client of Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.) OR THE EMPLOYER. I AGREE TO NOT HOLD Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, INCLUDING ATTORNEY FEES AND COURT COSTS, INCURRED BY ANY PERSON ARISING OUT OF MY EMPLOYMENT OR MY APPLICATION OR AN INTERVIEW THAT I MAY HAVE WITH A CLIENT OF GEORGIA’S DREAM NANNIES, INC..
Domestic Professionals and Families:
We may collect the following information from you:
We will request that you supply us with personal information, including your e-mail address, home address, home and work telephone numberfor purposes such as registering, correspondence, reserving a Nanny on certain dates, paying for a Temporary or Permanent Nanny or service.
We do not use personal identifying information for any reason that is not disclosed either in this Policy or at the time the information is requested or if it is stated in the Services Overview or contract. If you wish to “opt-out” (be removed) from a mailing list, then please send us an e-mail by clicking here
We do not share personal identifying information with any third party, without your permission unless required to do so by law or to prevent harm to www.gadreamnannies.com and Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. For example, we pass along your personal phone number, e-mail address, etc. only with your permission to a Nanny or Temporary Caregiver who may be interested in interviewing or working with your family.
We use our best efforts to ensure the security of personal information submitted by users. When collecting credit card information for online purchases, you will use Sripe(secured).  We offer secured-server transactions that encrypt your information in transit to thwart someone from intercepting it and misusing it when you submit forms. When we collect other information from our users, it is stored in an area where the general public does not have access to it.
The right to download and store or output the materials on our site is granted for the user’s personal use only, and materials may not be reproduced in any edited form. Any other reproduction, transmission, performance, display or editing of these materials by any means mechanical or electronic without the express written permission of us is strictly prohibited. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, please contact us at Click here
Email Privacy Policy
We have created this email privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Why did you receive an email from us?
If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future (“opt-in”), or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
How we protect your privacy
We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
How can you stop receiving email from us?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email.
PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF USE FOR THIS SITE
Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. owns and operates this website. We are committed to the privacy and security of our visitors’ information. The following is a statement of our privacy practices:
Information Collected
Your personal information is not required to visit https://www.gadreamnannies.com
Any personal information collected is knowingly provided by you and only when requested/required during account registration for interactive participation on https://www.gadreamnannies.com and during the ordering process
Traffic Data
Your IP address is a numeric address assigned to your computer, assigned by your Internet service provider. We automatically collect your IP address as traffic data so that we can send information back to you when requested. This is not used to identify your personal information.
Referrers are references to the web address you linked from and is automatically passed along by your web browser. We collect referrers your browser sends as part of traffic data. This is not attached to personally identifiable information.
System information such as your operating system/platform, and the type of web browser you use. This is not attached to personally identifiable information.
Information Use
Account Information
Your information is maintained on a secure web server in what we believe to be a well protected environment.
Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. only shares personal information to billing companies for completing transactions and for no other purpose. No other information is shared with any other third-party company for any purpose, under any circumstance.
Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. makes every effort to preserve your privacy, personal information may be disclosed when required by law where we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process.
Cookies
https://www.gadreamnannies.com relies on “cookie” technology to allow you to re-access your registered account profile during a web session. This mechanism is employed solely for your convenience and for no other purpose.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc., are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
This web site takes every precaution to protect our visitor’s information. When visitors submit sensitive information via the web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
We do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our customers’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, in a locked facility.
If visitors have any questions about the security on https://www.gadreamnannies.com, feel free to contact Customer Service.
Correcting, Updating, Deleting & Deactivating Personal Information
If a visitor’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a visitor no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate personally identifiable information. This can usually be done at the ‘Your Account’ page or by contacting our Customer Service.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our visitors are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If, however, we are going to use visitors’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our web site for 30 days.
This is the web site of  GADreamNannies.com
Nannies, Housekeepers, Household Managers and Families
Important Information
You should carefully read the following Terms and Conditions (also referred to as the “Terms of Use”, “Terms of Service” or “TOS”). Your use of our service(s) implies that you have read and accepted these Terms and Conditions. The Website (all Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. websites may hereafter be referred to, both individually and collectively, as “The Website”) from which you accessed this agreement is provided to you subject to the conditions listed below. These terms are in addition to any other terms that individual Website owners within the Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. may include for governing access to their Websites.
Any Non-Human Visitors to these Websites shall be considered agents of the individual(s) who controls, authors or otherwise makes use of them. Such individual(s) shall be deemed responsible for the actions of their Non-Human Visitor devices in the same manner as if they personally visited the Website.
The access rights granted to you under the Terms Of Use are non-transferable without the express written permission of the owner of Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.. You are responsible for the actions of any other person who may utilize your access rights on the Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. Website.
Introduction
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. Website(s) and all content, services and products available at or through the Website. The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other associated operating rules and policies (including, without limitation, Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. Privacy Policy).
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. Website. By accessing or using any part of the Website, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by the Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc., acceptance is expressly limited to these terms.
The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old. If you are not yet 13 years old, you must stop using the Website immediately or else provide Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. with written parental approval.
Our basic products and services are free to both Website owners & individual users. However we may offer some paid upgrades for advanced features such as domain hosting or extra disk space or bandwidth.
Our products and services are designed to give Website owners as much control and ownership over their site as possible and to encourage users/members to express themselves freely. However, each site owner must be responsible for the content of their site. In particular, as a site owner, you must make certain that none of the prohibited items listed below appear on your site or get linked to from your site (things like spam, viruses, or hate content).
Domestic Professionals: By submitting the Nanny, Housekeeper, Household Manager and Or Family Application you agree to the following: ALL INFORMATION THAT I HAVE GIVEN IN THIS APPLICATION IS TRUE IN ALL RESPECTS. I UNDERSTAND THAT THE EMPLOYER WILL RELY ON THIS INFORMATION WHEN HIRING ME. I ALSO UNDERSTAND THAT Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc and my possible employer WILL contact ALL REFERENCES LISTED ON THE APPLICATION. IF ANY PART OF THIS APPLICATION IS FOUND TO BE FALSE CONCERNING ME, I MAY BE IMMEDIATELY DISMISSED WITHOUT FURTHER OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF MY EMPLOYER AND/Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. I UNDERSTAND THAT Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc is NOT LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ACT INITIATED BY ME, THE EMPLOYEE (client of Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.) OR THE EMPLOYER. I AGREE TO NOT HOLD Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, INCLUDING ATTORNEY FEES AND COURT COSTS, INCURRED BY ANY PERSON ARISING OUT OF MY EMPLOYMENT OR MY APPLICATION OR AN INTERVIEW THAT I MAY HAVE WITH A CLIENT OF GEORGIA’S DREAM NANNIES, INC..
SPECIAL LICENSE RESTRICTIONS FOR NON-HUMAN VISITORS
A special restriction on a visitor’s license to access the Website applies to all Non-Human Visitors. Non-Human Visitors include, but are not limited to, web spiders, bots, indexers, robots, crawlers, harvesters, or any other computer programs designed to access, read, compile or gather content from the Website automatically.
Email addresses on the Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. are considered proprietary intellectual property. It is recognized that these email addresses are provided for human visitors alone. You acknowledge and agree that each email address the Website contains has a value not less than US $50. You further agree that the compilation, storage, and/or distribution of these addresses substantially diminishes the value of these addresses. Intentional collection, harvesting, gathering, and/or storing the Website’s email addresses is recognized as a violation of this agreement and expressly prohibited.
Ownership
You do not claim intellectual property right or exclusive ownership to any of our products or services, whether modified or unmodified. All products and services are the property of Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.. Our products and services are provided ‘as is’ without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. In no event shall our organization (or any business or individual associated with Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.) be liable for any damages including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential, or other losses arising out of the use of or inability to use our products or services.
Your Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. Account and Site.
If you create a site with Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc., you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and site, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the site. You must not describe or assign keywords to your site in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. to be positioned for possible liability. You must immediately notify Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. of any unauthorized uses of your site, your account or any other breaches of security. Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
Responsibility of Contributors.
If you operate a Website, comment on a Website, post material to the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Website (any such material, ‘Content’), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, computer software or any other type of electronic content. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:
the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
the Content is not obscene, libellous, defamatory, hateful or racially bigoted, does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party and is not otherwise unlawful;
your site is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another person or company. For example, your site’s URL or name is not the name of a person other than yourself or company other than your own; and you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. or otherwise.
By submitting Content to Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. for inclusion on the Website, you grant Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting your site or Content. If you delete Content and advise Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc., Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. will use reasonable efforts to remove said Content from the Website (generally within two business days), but you acknowledge that caching and/or other references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. has the right (though not the obligation) to, in Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.’s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.’s reasonable opinion, violates any Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.’s policy or is in any way harmful, unlawful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.’s sole discretion. Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
Fees and Payment.
All fees paid to Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc are non-refundable.
Responsibility of Website Visitors.
Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Any user or site owner who finds content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, or content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, or other errors has a responsibility to report such Content to Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.. In the same way, anyone who discovers Content on the Website that contains material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated, must report the same to Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.. Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the Websites and WebPages to which Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. links, and that link to Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.. Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. does not have any control over those non-Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. Websites and WebPages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. Website or webpage, Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. does not represent or imply that it endorses such Website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. Websites and WebPages.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy.
As Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.. Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. In the case of a visitor who may infringe or repeatedly infringes the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. or others, Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. may, in its discretion, terminate or deny access to and use of the Website. In the case of such termination, Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc..
Intellectual Property.
This Agreement does not transfer from Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. to you any Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.. Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc., the Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. domain, the Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc., or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. or Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. or third-party trademarks.
Changes.
Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools, services and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Termination.
Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have a VIP, Premium or other Paid Services account, such account can only be terminated by Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. if you materially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such breach within thirty (30) days from Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.’s notice to you thereof; provided that, Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. can terminate the Website immediately as part of a general shut down of our service or other lawful reason. Additionally, a paid account may be temporarily terminated pending a determination of the facts relating to a possible breach of this Agreement. Upon termination, all provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
The materials on Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.’s Website are provided ‘as is’. Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet Website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
Limitation of Liability.
In no event will Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc., or its suppliers or licensors, or any individuals associated with those entities, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement or substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
General Representation and Warranty.
You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc.  Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc., its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to out of your violation of this Agreement.
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
Each party agrees that any suit, action or proceeding brought by such party against the other in connection with or arising from the Terms of Service (“Judicial Action”) shall be governed by the law of the state of residence of the registered Administrative Contact (the “Admin State”) for the Website as such laws are applied to agreements between Admin State residents entered into and performed entirely within the Admin State. You consent to the jurisdiction of federal and state courts within the Admin State. You consent to the venue in any action brought against him in connection with breaches of these Terms of Service. You consent to electronic service of process regarding actions under the above agreement.
RECORDS OF VISITOR USE AND ABUSE
You consent to having your Internet Protocol address recorded. An email address may appear immediately below (the “Identifier”) if we suspect potential abuse. The Identifier is uniquely matched to your Internet Protocol address. Visitors agree not to use this address for any reason.
VISITORS AGREE THAT HARVESTING, GATHERING, STORING, TRANSFERRING TO A THIRD PARTY OR SENDING ANY MESSAGE(S) TO THE IDENTIFIER CONSTITUTES AN ACCEPTANCE AND SUBSEQUENT BREACH OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc. may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without notice. By using this Website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Search
Search for:
About us FOUNDED IN 2003
TOP-RATED COMPANY 5 YEARS IN A ROW!
Serving GA & South Carolina. GA – Kennesaw Nanny Service, Atlanta Nannies, Acworth Nannies, Alpharetta Nannies, Avondale Estates Nannies, Canton Nannies, Johns Creek Nannies, Lawrenceville Nannies, Lilburn Nannies, Cartersville Nannies, Dacula Nannies, Dallas Nannies, Holly Springs Nannies, Milton, Peachtree City Nannies, Roswell Nannies, Smyrna Nannies, Sandy Springs Nannies, Sugar Hill Nannies, Suwanee Nannies, Woodstock Nannies or any of the other Metro Atlanta cities.
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use: Click Here
Address 260 Peachtree Street NW Suite 2200 Atlanta, GA 30303
Email: Placements@GaDreamNannies.com
Phone: GA 770 - 517 - 0443
Recent Posts
HOW TO USE Georgia’s Dream Nannies Job Board
Auto Draft
Professional Housekeepers love to work with high-quality products, especially when dealing with laundry wash (aka soap).
Working as a Nanny in Savannah, GA
Summer Nanny Jobs
© 2018 Copyright Georgia’s Dream Nannies, Inc
PRIVACY POLICY CLICK HERE
Copy Protected by Chetan's WP-Copyprotect.