https://www.dsbg.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy
Daniel Stowe Botanical Garden is committed to the protection of your privacy on this website. This site does not collect personal information such as names and email addresses unless individuals knowingly and actively provide that information. The Garden uses several technology platforms with which we communicate with web users, members and guests. If you join our email list, we will have a record of your email address and all other information you choose to provide. We may send you email from time to time about our activities, as well as any specific issues or publications you have subscribed to. You will have the opportunity to unsubscribe from our mailing list.
Policy on Information Collection
Our website collects personal information for membership purchases and renewals, program registrations, electronic newsletters and mailings, ticket purchases and general inquiries. This information is used only for the intended services. For some of these services, the site may request information about background, occupation, demographics, and interests.
This website automatically collects information about computer hardware and software. This can include IP addresses, browser types, domain names, access times, and the referring websites that visitors use to access the website. The site uses this information to maintain the quality of the service while you are on the website, as well as to collect general statistics about the site.
We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site , ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
Policy on Information Disclosure
The Garden’s website collects your personal information to operate the site and to deliver the services you request. This information helps us understand our audience, and that allows us to better meet the needs of website users. Daniel Stowe Botanical Garden will not sell, trade, or rent personal information. We may compile aggregate statistics and provide them to third parties, but these statistics will not include information that identifies individual website users. We may also at times participate in marketing activities with other organizations but do not allow those organizations access to your information.
We may save personal information to comply with federal and state policies, but we will not disclose this information to third parties or government agencies unless we are required to do so by state or federal law or we must act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of our users or the public.
Be advised that we use third-party vendors to provide services on this site and in our offline business operations. The information that you submit on this site may be provided to those vendors on a confidential basis so that those vendors can provide services (such as maintaining our database, sending email messages, facilitating our online activities and campaigns, or processing credit card transactions) on our behalf.
Revisions to the Privacy Policy
The privacy policy may be revised at any time. We may revise the policy in response to changes in the law or other factors. We encourage website users to periodically visit this page to review the most current policy.
Restrictions on Use
This site is owned and operated by Daniel Stowe Botanical Garden. The information on this site is provided to assist you in planning your visit to the Garden or participation in its various programs; it is for this purpose only that the site may be used. While we encourage you to print information which will help plan your interaction with us, no photographs, images or other materials from our site may be copied, downloaded, transmitted, distributed or used in any other way, including for any commercial use. Also, you may not alter or attempt to alter any materials or information on the site, or the site itself.
Scroll To Top