https://www.palschools.com/privacy-policy/
Downtown 309-740-4463
North Peoria 309-228-2505
Home
Our School
Student Safety
Testimonials
Blog
Q&A’s
Curriculum
Infants
Toddlers
Two’s Three’s
Pre K
Contact Us
Locations
Book a tour
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Praise and Leadership Schools (PALS), our utmost priority is ensuring that your personal information is secure and your privacy is respected. Below is a description of how we maintain online privacy.
Online Privacy
This Privacy Policy Statement sets forth the privacy policy pertaining to www.palschools.com(the “Site”). By using the Site, you are agreeing to the terms set forth in this statement.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy Statement, “Personal Information” means any information by which you can be personally identified; this includes your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and the like. PALS collects Personal Information only when you voluntarily submit such Personal Information to us, i.e., when requesting information through the Site, asking questions pertaining to our services, etc.
For each visitor to the Site, our web servers automatically recognize information regarding the visitor’s domain name (or that of the visitor’s access provider) and e-mail address. Regardless of the purpose for which it is submitted, it is PALS’ policy to maintain all Personal Information as confidential and to use such Personal Information for the following purposes:
for the specific purpose for which it was volunteered (for example: to request information);
to improve the content, appearance and utility of the Site; and
to track our visitors’ use of the Site for internal market research or other business purposes.
You may request at any time that PALS dispose of any or all Personal Information about you. In addition, at any time you may request that PALS correct any such Personal Information; or that such Personal Information be removed from PALS’ marketing databases.
To make any request described above or to request to be removed from receiving e-mails from us in the future, please send an e-mail or write to:
Wendy Millman
Vice President
PALS Praise and Leadership Schools
2403 W. Cornerstone Court
Peoria, IL 61614
When contacting us, please be sure to provide us with your exact e-mail address, name, address and/or telephone number(s) in order to be sure we handle your request correctly.
Book a tour
Home
Privacy Policy
Employment
About Our School
Daycare Curriculum
Site Map
FAQs
Student Safety
Northside Peoria-Willow Knolls
2327 W Willow Knolls Rd Peoria, Illinois 61614 309-228-2505
Downtown Peoria - Greenleaf
700 NE Greenleaf Peoria, Illinois 61603 309-740-4463
Book a Campus Tour Today
Before you get to know us a little better,
we would like to know a few things about you.
Please complete the form below & our staff will gladly help you
schedule a personal campus tour.
Preferred Location*(IL) - Downtown(IL) - Willow
Thank You! Your request successfully sent.