https://www.thecaterer.com/page/terms
Jacobs Media Group is honoured to be the recipient of the 2020 Queen's Award for Enterprise.
Home
Terms and Conditions
By using www.thecaterer.com you are agreeing to the terms and conditions of the site.
It is important that you review these terms and conditions from time to time. Notifications of any changes and updates made to these terms will be published here.
1. Your Responsibilities
1.1 When posting or reading you agree:
1.1.1 to keep your user name and password secure at all times and to contact us immediately at info@thecaterer.com if you have reason to believe that they may no longer be secure;
1.1.2 not to use any other user’s identity to log on to thecaterer.com;
1.1.3 to accept full responsibility for any material you place on thecaterer.com;
1.1.4 only to use thecaterer.com for lawful purposes;
1.1.5 not to post defamatory, abusive, offensive, racist, sexist, threatening, vulgar, obscene, hateful or otherwise inappropriate comments, or to post comments which will constitute a criminal offence or give rise to civil liability, on thecaterer.com;
1.1.6 not to use thecaterer.com to solicit other users to become users of competitive online services, to advertise or offer to sell any goods or services for any commercial purpose, or to promote any surveys, contests or chain letters without the express written permission of thecaterer.com;
1.1.7 not to post or make available any material which is protected by copyright, trade mark or other proprietary right on thecaterer.com without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trade mark or any other proprietary right and you will be solely liable for any damages resulting from any infringement of the above. If you believe that any materials on this website infringe your copyright or trademark, you may request that they be removed. This request must be emailed with your name, address and telephone number along with any supporting information. For copyright issues relating to this website, please email: info@thecaterer.com:
1.1.8 not to upload to thecaterer.com files that contain viruses or files or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage or limit the functioning of any software, hardware or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorised access to any data or other information in the possession of thecaterer.com or any third party, and you will be solely responsible for any damages from any claims that may arise because you posted files that caused damage to the operation of another person’s software, hardware or telecommunications equipment;
1.1.9 to evaluate for yourself the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any opinion, advice or other content on thecaterer.com;
1.10 that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
2. Monitoring
2.1 When users submit material to thecaterer.com it is posted automatically. If our attention is drawn to problematic material we may edit or remove any material which we deem to be inappropriate without giving reason or notice. Thecaterer.com has a right but not an obligation to monitor user-posted content.
2.2 We may temporarily or permanently deny any user’s access to thecaterer.com without reason or notice.
2.3 We may refer any matter to a law enforcement agency or Court of competent jurisdiction where we consider a matter is of a criminal or unlawful nature.
3. Public Content Posted to thecaterer.com
3.1 With respect to Content you elect to post for inclusion in publicly accessible areas of thecaterer.com, including but not limited to comments, feedback, opinions, statements or material contained in any communication with this website, you grant Travel Weekly Group Ltd world-wide, royalty free and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt, and publish such Content. Such Content may be used without compensation at the sole discretion of Travel Weekly Group Ltd.
4. Your Identity and Licence
4.1 You acknowledge that (except where explicitly stated) materials shared on thecaterer.com are not private and can be viewed by everybody who visits thecaterer.com, that other users will be able to identify (by username) who has posted each piece of material and that the username (and any profile details they have provided) of who is logged on to thecaterer.com at any given time may be visible to all users.
4.2 You should log off thecaterer.com when you have finished posting to prevent anyone else accessing the site and using your log-on identity. This is particularly important where other people may use the same computer as you, such as in internet cafes. If you do not log off, you may be deemed to be the person viewing or posting material unless you can prove otherwise.
4.3 We reserve the right to reveal your identity and contact details to third parties if we believe that you may have breached any of the Terms.
4.4 For your own safety and security, we recommend that you do not disclose personal information such as your password, credit card number, home address, email address, phone number etc., on thecaterer.com.
4.5 By posting material on thecaterer.com, you grant all other users the right to obtain access to such material and to view, store and reproduce them for personal use.
5. Intellectual Property
5.1 We are the owner and/or the licensee of all intellectual property rights inherent in thecaterer.com, and in the material published on it including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, icons, images, sound clips, video clips, data compilations, page layout, underlying code and software. Unless specifically stated otherwise, nothing in these terms or on thecaterer.com shall give effect to any transfer of such intellectual property rights from us to you.
5.2 Your sole right to use the intellectual property inherent in thecaterer.com is a non-exclusive licence to make use of such content only as is strictly necessary to enable you to access thecaterer.com and to peruse its contents.
5.3 You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from thecaterer.com for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on thecaterer.com.
5.4 You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
5.5 Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on thecaterer.com must always be acknowledged.
5.6 You must not use any part of the content on thecaterer.com for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
5.7 If you print off, copy or download any part of thecaterer.com in breach of these terms of use, your right to use thecaterer.com will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made
6. Limitation of Liability and Exclusion of Warranties
6.1 You acknowledge that the author of each posting on thecaterer.com is responsible for his or her comments.
6.2 Insofar as the law permits, we shall not be liable for any loss, damage or distress incurred as a result of material posted on thecaterer.com.
6.3 We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, thecaterer.com;
use of or reliance on any content displayed on thecaterer.com;
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
6.4 We are not responsible for the accuracy, veracity or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement made on thecaterer.com and such communications shall not be considered to be reviewed, screened, monitored, edited or approved by us.
7. Indemnity
7.1 You acknowledge that you are responsible for any material that you post on thecaterer.com and that if you breach any of the Terms you may be personally liable to any third party that suffers harm as a result.
7.2 You agree to indemnify and keep indemnified us, our successors and assigns, our directors, trustees, offices, employees and agents from and against all liabilities, claims, losses, costs, damages and expenses including legal fees which are reasonably incurred by us should you breach any of the Terms.
7.3 The indemnity detailed in clause 5.2 includes your use of the information you read in thecaterer.com, together with any introduction or collaboration that you enter into as a result of participating in thecaterer.com.
8. Disclaimer
8.1 Links to other sites are accessed at your own risk and thecaterer.com accepts no liability for any linked sites. When you access another web site, please understand that it is independent and thecaterer.com has no control over the content of that web site. Further, a link to a non thecaterer.com website does not mean that thecaterer.com endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or the use of such web site. Users must take their own precautions to ensure that what is selected for use is free of such items as viruses and other items of a destructive nature.
8.2 To the full extent permissible by law Travel Weekly Group Ltd shall have no liability for any damage or loss (including, without limitation, financial loss, loss of profits, loss of business or any indirect or consequential loss), however it arises, resulting from the use of or inability to use this website or any material appearing on it or from any action or decision taken as a result of using the website or any such material.
9. We May Suspend or Withdraw thecaterer.com
9.1 We do not guarantee that thecaterer.com, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of thecaterer.com for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
10. Advertising/Sponsorship
10.1 Inclusion of any material in advertisements or sponsors’ materials on this web site does not constitute any guarantee or endorsement as to the quality or value of any of the products advertised or any claims made for the product by the manufacturer. Any correspondence or dealings which you may have with advertisers or sponsors promoting themselves on this web site are solely between you and that party. We shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of any such dealing or as a result of the presence of such advertisers on the web site.
11. Events Outside Our Control
11.1 We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance or, any of our obligations under these terms of use that is cause by an Event Outside Our Control (as defined in the paragraph below).
11.2 An “Event Outside Our Control” means: any act or event beyond our reasonable control, including without limitation strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action by third parties, civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war, fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic, or other natural disaster, or failure of public or private telecommunications.
11.3 If an Event Out Our Control takes place that affects the performance of our obligations under these terms of use our obligations under these terms of use will be suspended and the time for performance of our obligations will be extended for the duration of the Even Outside Our Control.
12. Linking to thecaterer.com
12.1 You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
12.2 You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
12.3 You must not establish a link to thecaterer.com in any website that is not owned by you.
12.4 thecaterer.com must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of thecaterer.com other than the home page.
12.5 We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
13. General
13.1 We reserve the right to modify the Terms at any time without notice.
13.2 You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access thecaterer.com through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
13.3 We do not guarantee that thecaterer.com will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access thecaterer.com. You should use your own virus protection software.
13.4 The Terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law.
14. Privacy
14.1 Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to our site.
Terms and conditions for CV access
Employment agencies and employment businesses
If you are an employment agency or an employment business (as defined by the Employment Agencies Act 1973 (‘the Act’)) it is your responsibility to ensure that the use you make of information from our candidate database complies with your obligations under the Act and the various regulations made under it, together with any applicable guidelines.
These regulations are currently contained in the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2004. You agree to comply with the Act and these regulations as they affect the conduct of your business and the use you make of information on our candidate database.
Rights in the database
Database rights and all other applicable copyright and intellectual property rights in the candidate database belong to Travel Weekly Group Ltd. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any rights in the database or its content and that your retention and use of the database and its content is governed by these terms and conditions.
Use of the database
The material you are entitled to receive from the candidate database is determined by the product you have purchased from us. On receipt of this material you may:
i. Use, search or download it to your database for the purpose of finding suitable candidates for specific job vacancies that you or (if you are an employment agency or employment business) your client wish to fill.
ii. Use the information about the individuals contained in the database for the purpose of contacting them (either directly or through us depending on the product you have purchased) in relation to a specific job vacancy.
iii. Use the information only in connection with your own recruitment-related activities.
You may NOT:
i. Supply, sell or license material from the candidate database, or a copy of it, to any other person, including another member of your group of companies.
ii. Contact the individuals on the database or make or allow any use of the information about those individuals, other than for the purpose of finding suitable candidates for specific job vacancies.
Data Protection
You must, at all times, comply with the Data Protection Act 2018 and all subsequent legislation and regulations.
Deletion of database material
You agree to delete all material from the candidate database upon its replacement with up-to-date material or the satisfactory conclusion of your search for a suitable candidate, whichever occurs first.
Dealings with candidates
You agree to deal fairly and professionally with individuals you may contact using information from the candidate database and not do anything which may bring jobs.thecaterer.com/jobs into disrepute. You will indemnify us from and against any claim brought by an individual against us arising from your breach of this obligation or any other of these terms and conditions.
Passwords
Passwords are for the sole use of the person to whom they are issued. We may deny access to a password if we reasonably believe that it is being used by an unauthorised person or that the user is breaching these terms and conditions.
Subscription terms & conditions
Upon subscription to either paid package, the full cost of the 12 month term of subscription will be taken upfront. You may cancel your subscription contract at any time by notifying our customer services team in writing. See contact details here. We will refund you the cost of the issues not yet issued to you provided this is in excess of £10 otherwise your subscription will automatically cancel on expiry.
Contact Us
The Caterer, Travel Weekly Group Ltd, 52 Grosvenor Gardens, London SW1W 0AU
Most read (today)
Technology Prospectus 2021: setting up an allergy alert system
Technology Prospectus 2021: turn negative reviews into positives
Technology Prospectus 2021: time to upgrade your workforce management
Royal Garden hotel to close until 2022 with over 250 redundancies
'Substantial meal' rule sees restaurants and bars struggle with rise in food waste
'Substantial meal' rule sees restaurants and bars struggle with rise in food waste
Hospitality job losses hit 650,000
Langan’s Brasserie to be relaunched next year
Roux at Parliament Square closes permanently
Chef John Campbell leaves the Woodspeen
Digital Editions
The Caterer releases a digital version of the magazine every Wednesday morning. Make sure you're logged in and subscribed to view each edition.
Read online
Jacobs Media Group is honoured to be the recipient of the 2020 Queen's Award for Enterprise.
The highest official awards for UK businesses since being established by royal warrant in 1965. Read more.
Jacobs
© 2020 All rights reserved. Jacobs Media Group Limited is a company registered in England and Wales, company number 08713328. 3rd Floor, 52 Grosvenor Gardens, London SW1W 0AU.
aspiretravelclub
travelweekly
weareconnections
touringandadventure
resiliencecouncil
Powered by GraphCMS
close
Ad Blocker detected
We have noticed you are using an adblocker and – although we support freedom of choice – we would like to ask you to enable ads on our site. They are an important revenue source which supports free access of our website's content, especially during the COVID-19 crisis.