http://www.fortora.com/privacy/
For Personal
For Business
Support
Learn
Pricing
Download
Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 15, 2019
Moneyspire Inc. takes the privacy of our users very seriously. We take all the necessary precautions to protect the privacy of our personal finance software users.
Data is stored locally on the user's hard drive, with full control placed under the user's hands.
Data is password encrypted with AES 128-bit military-grade protection.
Data can be optionally stored on the cloud storage service of the user's choice, if the user wishes to. This data is only accessible by the user.
At no time is any of the user's data accessible by Moneyspire Inc.
Online banking features are done through encrypted SSL connections.
In no event is any of the user's data (financial, personal or otherwise) transmitted to Moneyspire Inc.
Our website uses SSL encrypted for secure online ordering when purchasing our products.
We do not sell any of your personal information to third parties.
Your personal information is only used for customer service purposes.
For the Moneyspire Connect service, Moneyspire uses Yodlee as a provider for downloading transactions from financial institutions. Moneyspire does not store your online banking credentials at any time. Please refer to Yodlee's Privacy Policy for more information about how your credentials are handled by Yodlee.
For the Moneyspire Cloud service, the user's data is stored securely encrypted on Moneyspire Inc.'s server. The data is used solely for the purpose of allowing the user to share his or her Moneyspire data with his or her multiple computers and mobile devices. The user may delete his or her data at any time from Moneyspire Cloud. Moneyspire Cloud is an optional service, and strictly exists for the user's convenience. At no time is the data viewed or inspected by Moneyspire Inc. staff, nor is it ever shared with third parties.
For online ordering, our store is powered by our e-commerce partner, FastSpring. You may find FastSpring's privacy policy here.
We collect your data when you contact our customer support team. The purpose of collecting the information is for helping to solve any issue you have with our products and services. The legal basis of collecting is the fulfillment of our contractual or pre-contractual obligations to you.
Moneyspire Inc. never receives any of your financial information, nor does Moneyspire Inc. share any of your financial information with third parties. YOU HAVE TOTAL CONTROL OVER YOUR FINANCIAL DATA, IT RESIDES ONLY ON YOUR HARD DRIVE OR WHEREVER YOU DECIDE TO SAVE IT.
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy.