http://www.deliciousasianfood.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
All Recipes
My Visits
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Delicious Asian Food takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it.
Routine Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Where necessary, Delicious Asian Food uses cookies to store information about a visitor's preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.
Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.
Controlling Your Privacy
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
Special Note About Google Advertising
Any advertisements served by Google, Inc., and affiliated companies may be controlled using cookies. These cookies allow Google to display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google advertising services. Learn how to opt out of Google's cookie usage. As mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other mechanisms is subject to Google's own privacy policies.
Contact Information
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed to
for further clarification.
Comments
1
Nikki lee
November 23rd, 2010 at 10:00 am
Hey!! I’m so glad I stumbled upon your website. I’m an undergrad overseas and was craving home cooked Malaysian food my mum would make… Guess you’d know how that feels-read it over the chicken wings section :). It’s so difficult to get good Malaysian spices here in Canada… And Malaysian Chinese is way different than china Chinese food… People here just don’t understand. But yeah, wanted to comment on your amazing blog … Sure settled my craves for home. M gonna try cooking some now! Thanks!
P.s love the little daily bread corner of verses. Sure felt heart warming for the tummy and the soul hehe.
Cheers!
Leave a Comment
Name (required)
Mail (will not be published) (required)
Website
Food Advertising by
My Daily Bread
Whoever loves pleasure will be a poor man; he who loves wine and oil will not be rich. (Proverbs 21:17, ESV)
Recent Diners:
Alice: I am glad that you’re back and I hope you keep on blogging. I have tried some of...
Alice: I am glad that you’re back and hope you keep on blogging. I have tried some of your...
angeline: welcome back !!! thrilled to see you back to blogging – and across the border too...
Ah Pek: Wahh…Bak Choy only ah? after 5 years.
Sharon: I made this pastry today and it was very easy. I’m not sure if I did something...
Silvia Milner: I would be interested in buying the book. I live in Belgium. What would the total...
Stir fried Broccoli with Hoisin Sauce Recipe: 30;] I knew this is the recipe to try because I...
Kailan with Shredded Scallops: 30;] like to read about what I wrote and check out the recipe, do...
Angela Khoo: I add babas curry powder to my mee Siam which really brings out the flavour the...
Find A Babysitter: 30;] Meal—Delicious Asian Food shares this tofu and edamame dish that she...
Categories
Appetiser
Beans
Bee Hoon
Beef
Breakfast
Chicken
Chinese
Confectionery
Dessert
Dinner
Duck
Egg
Fish
Food review
Indian
Lamb
Lunch
Miscellaneous
Noodles
Oven
Pastry
Pork
Porridge
Rice
Seafood
Snacks
Soup
Suggested Menu
Thai
Tofu
Vegetable
Video
Recipe Search