http://www.environment.nsw.gov.au/help/privacy.htm
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
NSW Department of Planning, Industry and Environment
In this section
About us
Who we are
expand Who we are
Publications
Advisory groups
Brand and logo
expand
National parks consumer brand
Our sustainability strategy
Careers with us
expand Careers with us
Popular career inquiries
Doing business with us
expand Doing business with us
Commercial activities
expand
Filming and photography
Access to information
expand Access to information
Agency information guide
Annual reports
expand
Overseas travel reports
Privacy resources
expand
Accessing personal information
Responding to privacy decisions
Requesting a review or lodging a complaint
Disclosure log
expand
Disclosure log 2019
Disclosure log 2018
Disclosure log 2017
Disclosure log 2016
Disclosure log 2015
Disclosure log 2014
Disclosure log 2013
Disclosure log 2012
Disclosure log 2011
Disclosure log 2010
Tabled documents
News
Videos of OEH at work
Contact us
expand Contact us
Your feedback
Office locations
expand
Head office
Get answers
Report a problem
Our website
Privacy and security
Copyright and disclaimer
About us
Privacy and security
...
facebook
twitter
Print
Mail
Sharing - show above
Privacy and security
The Department of Planning, Industry and Environment is committed to protecting your privacy.
The information on this page is specific to the Environment, Energy and Science website, newsletters and online services. Other websites managed by the Department of Planning, Industry and Environment may have separate privacy and security policies that can be viewed on those websites.
While a whole of Department Privacy Plan is developed, the Office of Environment and Heritage Privacy Plan remains in force for this website.
Your rights to privacy
We must comply with the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 (NSW), which regulates the collection, storage, quality, use and disclosure of personal information. For details see Your privacy.
Information that in some way identifies you may be gathered when you use our website or send us an email.
Transactional services available from this site may use cookies to track business processes. Read the particular service's privacy and security statement before beginning a transaction.
Collection of information
expand
Information collected from web browsing
When you view this website, we collect the following information:
your IP (internet protocol) address or host name eg. 123.123.123.12 or xxx.yyy.com.au
the date and time you visited the website
the pages or documents you attempted to view or download, and whether those pages or documents were displayed
the web browser and operating system you are using
the previous site you visited, if you reached our website by clicking on a link
if you have previously visited our website (only if you accept cookies).
Information collected from online forms and services
When you submit a form on this website or provide information as part of using an online service, we collect information from this activity. This information may include personal and organisational details such as your full name, phone number, business name and ACN details, email address and street address.
Clicking on the 'submit' button on the form acts as your consent for us to collect the information you have provided. Before you submit this information we will take reasonable steps to inform you of:
where applicable, any law that requires the particular information to be collected
which fields are mandatory and which are optional.
Subscription and RSS requests
We offer subscription and RSS services on this website. These services are offered on an ‘opt in’ basis. You can opt out at any time by using the opt out service or contacting us via ‘Feedback’ and we will promptly process your request.
When you subscribe to a newsletter, news alert or RSS service from us, we will use your personal information in order to provide the content to you. We may also use your personal information to tell you about associated services, public information campaigns or web content we think you might be interested in, but only if you have indicated that you are happy to receive this information.
Information collected from email
If you send us an email, we will record your email address so we can respond to you.
Use and disclosure of information collected
expand
Information collected from forms, newsletters and email will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it. We will not use it for any other purpose, nor will we disclose it, unless with your consent or in other circumstances where such use or disclosure is permitted under the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998. For example, we may provide the information you have submitted to another public authority in the course of administering environment protection legislation.
Your personal information (including your email address) will not be automatically added to a mailing list, or sold or otherwise transferred to a third party for commercial purposes.
Government Information (Public Access) Act 2009
The Government Information (Public Access) Act 2009 (GIPA Act)external link confers on the public a right to access information held by a government agency, including electronic information like transactions through the web. If information is sought by a third party under the GIPA Act that affects your research, business, commercial, professional or financial interests or your personal information, we will seek your views if you are likely to have concerns about the disclosure of the information before making any decision about releasing the information. See also Obtaining information from us.
Storage of personal information
expand
Access
Under the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 you have the right to access and change personal information we hold about you, such as your address and phone number(s).
Accuracy
We are committed to ensuring that the information we hold is accurate, complete and up to date, so we encourage you to advise us if the information you have given us has changed. If you believe our information is inaccurate, please contact us and we will correct the information.
Retention
We will retain the information you have provided for a period that is appropriate for the purpose for which it was provided. Your information will be archived and disposed of in accordance with our policies, legislative requirements and guidelines based on the NSW State Records Act 1998.
We take reasonable steps to protect information during transfer and storage. Physical measures, such as building and equipment security, are used in conjunction with digital technology, such as data encryption and firewalls, to minimise unauthorised access to information.
Page last updated
1 May 2020
The following buttons will open a feedback form below
Was this page helpful?
Yes
No
Thank you, your feedback has been submitted.
Thank you for your feedback. Would you like to tell us more?
Your comments (required)
Tell us what you liked about the page or how it could be improved.
If you are happy for us to follow up on your feedback, please provide your name and email. The information you provide in this form will only be used for the purpose for which it was collected. By submitting, you consent to storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with
our privacy policy.
Name
Email
I would like EES to contact me in the future for help improving services and to share information about national parks or other environmental activities.
Cancel
Submit
Contact us
Department of Planning, Industry and Environment
1300 361 967
Email
Online
The following buttons will open a feedback form below
Was this page helpful?
Yes
No
Thank you, your feedback has been submitted.
Thank you for your feedback. Would you like to tell us more?
Your comments (required)
Tell us what you liked about the page or how it could be improved.
If you are happy for us to follow up on your feedback, please provide your name and email. The information you provide in this form will only be used for the purpose for which it was collected. By submitting, you consent to storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with
our privacy policy.
Name
Email
I would like EES to contact me in the future for help improving services and to share information about national parks or other environmental activities.
Cancel
Submit
Please consider the environment before printing.