http://www.childtime.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Find Your School
Schedule a Tour
Contact
Find Your School
Found Near You
Go
Privacy Policy
Childtime® is committed to the responsible use of information provided by our customers, users and visitors to our website.
In general, anyone may visit childtime.com without telling us who they are or revealing any personal information.
There are occasions, however, when we do need to obtain information from our visitors. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous aggregate basis. In no way do we associate this aggregate data with personal information.
When Childtime receives information about your visit or about you, we may use it for research or to improve our website and the services we offer. We may also use it to continue contact with you via e-mail or other means (to send you new information or notification of special offers). If you do not wish to receive this information, please let us know by sending a message to corporateservices@learningcaregroup.com or
800.527.3848.
While IP addresses are logged to track user sessions, the user remains anonymous. We may analyze this data for certain trends and statistics, such as which parts of our site users are visiting and how much time they spend there. We do not link your IP address to anything that would identify you personally.
When visiting our website, small text files, known as “cookies”, are stored on your device. This helps to provide you with a more personalized user experience and allows us to better analyze traffic to our site.
Childtime collects personal data for billing, parent/guardian communication and optimization of your services. It is not sold to any third parties. Any and all information furnished to Childtime by you is for our internal use only. This information is available to you only upon request with verification by State or Government issued ID. Internal policies and controls have been implemented to help ensure your data is not misused or disclosed, and is accessed only by authorized individuals as part of their job duties.
If you have questions or comments about our privacy policy, would like to stop receiving information from Childtime or would like to correct or update information you have provided us, please contact us at corporateservices@learningcaregroup.com or call Customer Service at
800.527.3848.
CA ONLY: In accordance with California’s Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), you can click the following link for the Do Not Sell My Personal Information Customer Service email address.
TOP
×