http://www.ahcpr.gov/policy/electronic/accessibility/index.html
Skip to main content
Main navigation
Topics
Programs
Research
Data
Tools
Funding & Grants
News
About
Browse Topics
Topics A-Z
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Priority Populations
Children/Adolescents
Elderly
Low-Income
Racial/Ethnic Minorities
Rural/Inner-City Residents
Special Healthcare Needs
Women
Programs
Featured
Clinicians & Providers
Data & Measures
Education & Training
Digital Healthcare Research
Hospitals & Health Systems
Prevention & Chronic Care
Quality & Patient Safety
Research
Publications & Products
AHRQ Publishing and Communications Guidelines
Search Publications
Research Findings & Reports
EPC Evidence-Based Reports
Fact Sheets
Full Research Reports
Making Healthcare Safer Report
Quality & Disparities Reports
Technology Assessment Program
AHRQ Research Studies
Quality and Disparities Report
Latest available findings on quality of and access to health care
Data
Data Sources Available from AHRQ
Data Infographics
Data Visualizations
All-Payer Claims Database
Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP)
Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS)
MONAHRQ
Quality Indicator Tools for Data Analytics
State Snapshots
United States Health Information Knowledgebase
Tools
Featured
Clinicians & Providers
Hospitals & Health Systems
Prevention & Chronic Care
Quality & Patient Safety
Funding & Grants
Funding Opportunity Announcements
Research Policies
Funding Opportunities Announcement Guidance
AHRQ Grants Policy Notices
AHRQ Informed Consent & Authorization Toolkit for Minimal Risk Research
HHS Grants Policy Statement
Federal Regulations & Authorities
Federal Register Notices
Public Access to Federally Funded Research
Protection of Human Subjects
Funding Priorities
Special Emphasis Notices
Staff Contacts
Training & Education Funding
Grant Application, Review & Award Process
Grant Application Basics
Application Forms
Application Deadlines & Important Dates
AHRQ Tips for Grant Applicants
Grant Mechanisms & Descriptions
Application Receipt & Review
Study Sections for Scientific Peer Review
Award Process
Post-Award Grant Management
AHRQ Grantee Profiles
Getting Recognition for Your AHRQ-Funded Study
Grants by State
No-Cost Extensions (NCEs)
Contracts
AHRQ Grants by State
Searchable database of AHRQ Grants, Working Papers & HHS Recovery Act Projects
PCOR
AHRQ Projects funded by the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Trust Fund.
News
Newsroom
Press Releases
AHRQ Social Media
AHRQ Stats
Impact Case Studies
Blog
AHRQ Views
Newsletter
AHRQ News Now
Events
AHRQ Research Summit on Diagnostic Safety
AHRQ Research Summit on Learning Health Systems
National Advisory Council Meetings
AHRQ Research Conferences
About
About AHRQ
Profile
Mission and Budget
AHRQ's Core Competencies
AHRQ at 20
Job Opportunities
Maps and Directions
Other AHRQ Web Sites
Other HHS Agencies
Organization & Contacts
Centers and Offices
Organization Chart
Key Contacts
Careers
Contact Us
Español
FAQs
Home
Policies
Web Site Policies
Accessibility
SHARE:
More topics in this section
Policies
Policies
AHRQ Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
Web Site Policies
Accessibility
Web Site Disclaimers
Linking to the AHRQ Web Site
Plain Language at AHRQ
AHRQ Privacy Policy Notice
AHRQ Privacy Program
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
Social Media Standards and Policies
Limited English Proficiency (LEP)
Accessibility
Information about how AHRQ makes information and resources on the Web sites that it sponsors accessible to the widest possible audience.
The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) is committed to making the information and resources on the Web sites that it sponsors accessible to the widest possible audience, including persons with disabilities.
Overview
Alternative Access to Web Information
Synopsis of Section 508 Accessibility Requirements
More Information
Overview
In keeping with its mission, AHRQ complies with accessibility requirements by implementing the regulations of Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary's Section 508 Implementation Policy.
AHRQ would appreciate being notified of accessibility problems so that we can remediate them and better serve you.
Federal agencies are required, upon request, to provide information and data to individuals with disabilities through an alternative means of access that can be used by the individuals.
Top of Page
Alternative Access to Web Information
Information from AHRQ Web sites should be accessible via screen readers and other accessibility tools with the exception of some pre-2001 information or links to content resident on Web sites that are not federal government resources. These materials include special accessibility notices to this effect.
If you need an alternative means of access to any information on AHRQ Web sites, please contact us through our public inquiries mailbox. Let us know the nature of your accessibility problem, the Web address of the requested information, and your contact information.
If you need to convert PDF documents, Adobe® offers conversion tools at its Accessibility Resource Center.
Top of Page
Synopsis of Section 508 Accessibility Requirements
Section 508 requires federal agencies to ensure that individuals with disabilities who are members of the public or Federal employees have access to and use of electronic and information technology (EIT) that is comparable to that provided to individuals without disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on the agency. The requirements of Section 508 apply to an agency's procurement of EIT, as well as the agency's development, maintenance, or use of EIT.
Although federal agencies have an explicit statutory obligation to make all electronic and information technology (EIT) that they develop, procure, maintain, or use compliant with Section 508, individuals may only file complaints or lawsuits to enforce Section 508's requirements with respect to EIT systems procured or deployed on or after June 21, 2001. Learn more at FAR Final Rule.
The Section 508 requirements do not apply retroactively to pre-existing EIT. However, as agencies upgrade and change their electronic and information technology, they must comply with the standards. Specifically, the Electronic and Information Technology Accessibility Standards: Economic Assessment states that:
"The standards are to be applied prospectively and do not require federal agencies to retrofit existing electronic and information technology. As agencies upgrade and change their electronic and information technology, they must comply with the standards."
Federal agencies have additional responsibilities under Section 501 and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act. These Sections require that agencies provide reasonable accommodation to employees with disabilities and provide program access to members of the public with disabilities and take other actions necessary to prevent discrimination on the basis of disability in their programs.
Top of Page
More Information
The HHS Digital Communications Division 508 Program oversees the implementation of Section 508 at HHS. Visit this site to learn more about the OD's activities and leadership.
The U.S. Access Board's Section 508 Homepage provides information on Section 508 law, frequently asked questions, and standards.
The Section 508 Homepage provides Section 508 tools, resources, standards, and news.
Page last reviewed July 2018
Page originally created October 2007
Internet Citation: Accessibility. Content last reviewed July 2018. Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, Rockville, MD.
https://www.ahrq.gov/policy/electronic/accessibility/index.html
Back to Top