http://www.mexperience.com/about/conditions-of-website-use/#IP
Search
keyboard_arrow_right
You can also search using these:
Discover Mexico A-Z
Search
keyboard_arrow_right
Discover
Lifestyle
Leisure
Essentials
Free eBooks
Newsletter
Close
Mexico Travel Experiences
Leisure
Travel Experiences
Travel Inspiration
Discover Travel
Travel Features
Trip Planning
Custom Travel Tours
Auto Insurance
Travel Destinations
Colonial Cities
Beaches
Pyramids
Big Cities
Nature & Adventure
Destination Highlights
Copper Canyon
Oaxaca
Chiapas
Newsletter - Sign Up Free
Plan Your Trip
Planning & Arrangements
Terms of Use
Mexico Lifestyle
Lifestyle
Mexico Lifestyles
Lifestyle Insights
Lifestyle Features
Lifestyle Planning
Immigration Assistance
Health Insurance
Medical Evacuation
Home Insurance
Auto Insurance
Living & Lifestyle
Retirement
Living
Working
Real Estate
Healthcare & Wellbeing
Learn Spanish
Newsletter - Sign Up Free
Immigration Assistance
Mexico Essentials
Essentials
Mexico Essentials
Essentials Insights
Essentials Guide
Covid-19 in Mexico
Transport
Getting Around
Driving in Mexico
Flights & Air Travel
Bus Travel
Taxis Travel
Car Rental
Insurance
Auto Insurance
Health Insurance
Medical Evacuation
Home Insurance
About Mexperience
About Us
Contact Mexperience
Discover More
Mexico A to Z
Newsletter - Sign Up Free
Mexperience Ltd (“Mexperience”) General Terms and Conditions
Access and Use of this web site demonstrates your acceptance of and agreement to these Terms and Conditions
These are Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”) on which, along with our Privacy Policy, we provide information and services to anyone visiting the Mexperience web site. These Terms and Conditions apply only to the Mexperience web site and not to the web sites of other companies or organizations that link through the Mexperience web site, which may have their own terms and conditions that you must agree to separately.
Mexperience Internet Site
The Mexperience Internet site resides primarily at www.mexperience.com (our “primary domain”). Other domains with the Mexperience name may also resolve to our primary domain.
Mexperience reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the information and services provided (or any part thereof) at any time, and from time to time, with or without prior notice. Any person accessing this web site (“Visitors”) agree that Mexperience shall not be liable to Visitors or to any third party for any suspension, modification, or termination of the information and services provided on the Mexperience Internet site.
By visiting the Mexperience Internet site and making use of the information and services provided, you expressly understand and agree that:
a) The use of the information and services provided by Mexperience is undertaken at your own risk;
b) Information and services are provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis.   Mexperience expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to: fitness for a particular purpose, merchant-ability, accuracy or completeness or fitness for any other nature;
c) Mexperience does not guarantee that the information will suit your requirements, that the service as a whole or in part will be available, timely, accurate, reliable, secure or free of errors; and
d) Mexperience does not guarantee that the quality of products or services or information subsequently acquired, commercially or otherwise, through a connection to a supplier mentioned on Mexperience will meet your requirements or expectations, and that by including the details of any supplier does not in any way constitute a recommendation or endorsement of that supplier’s products, services or information it provides.
e) Any material or software that you download from the Mexperience Internet website is done so at your sole discretion and risk, and that you will be solely responsible for any damage or harm caused to your network connection(s), computer or computer-related software and equipment, system loss or data that results from your visit to Mexperience and/or the download of any data or information you made from the site. No information or advice, whether it is given orally or in written form, virtually of physically, by any means of communication, virtual or actual, from the Mexperience web site, Mexperience’s subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, partners, and employees shall create any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms.
Information
In providing the Information published on Mexperience, we endeavor to ensure that it is as accurate and up-to-date as possible for the benefit of our Visitors. Information may change from time to time without our knowledge and although Information is provided in good faith, it is provided on an “AS IS” basis for general information only and should not be relied upon. As such, no representations of warranties, either expressed or implied, of fitness for a particular purpose, merchant-ability, accuracy or completeness or any other nature is made in respect to the information provided.
Links to Services and Third Parties
We work to create an informative, accurate, and engaging online presence for our readers to explore Mexico, and publishing articles and guides which share knowledge about products and services which can help readers to realize their plans and aspirations is an integral part of this work. As such, articles and/or guides may contain links to third parties and other resources, some of which may offer relevant products and services.
These guides and articles are provided for information purposes only; they and any links they may contain to third parties do not constitute personal, medical, business, financial, investment, or legal advice.
Mexperience holds no responsibility over third party sites and resources, and you acknowledge and agree that Mexperience is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, services, or other materials on, or available from, such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Mexperience shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
Any correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, third parties discovered by readers on or through Mexperience.com, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between the Visitor and the third party. Visitors agree that Mexperience shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of, or reference to, such third parties on the Mexperience Internet site.
Any prices or specific offers advertised on this web site are provided for reference purposes only. They do not form part of any contract with the Visitor or a supplier of goods or services. Firm offers and final prices can only be confirmed by the suppliers of the offers/products/services which Visitors should consult using a respective link to the third party, where available.
Mexperience Affiliations and/or Third Party References
Mexperience may create affiliations with, or make direct reference to, various companies and organizations which provide living, lifestyle, and leisure services of various kinds.  The third parties may use their own websites and systems for transactions and exchange, independent of Mexperience. While these services might be offered as an invitation to treat on Mexperience.com, they are supplied directly by third parties with whom Visitors will contract with when buying from them.  Mexperience does not take payment nor does it act as an intermediary in these transactions.
Individual Contributions
Mexperience may receive payments from individuals and/or commercial entities who wish to support this website.  By making a contribution payment or pledge, the contributor agrees that it is provided to Mexperience as an irrevocable gift, subject to refund and right to return of any contribution at Mexperience’s sole discretion.
Contributions will be used by Mexperience to support its publishing operations.
Making a contribution does not give the contributor any rights or influence over editorial content, and neither does it give the contributor a claim on any of Mexperience’s assets.
Contributors agree that payments made through PayPal are subject to PayPal’s own terms and conditions.  Where contributions are pledged on a monthly basis, the pledge may be cancelled anytime.
Feedback & Correspondence
Should any Visitor to Mexperience respond with information including feedback data, such as questions, comments, suggestions or similar regarding the content of the published information, such correspondence shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Mexperience or its wholly-owned subsidiaries shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose or distribute such information to others without notice or limitation. In addition, Mexperience shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such correspondence for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such information. Please refer to our Contact Page for our contact details.
Cookies, Data Protection Act, and Use of Information
Mexperience does not intend to compromise its Visitors personal information in any way, and adheres to the UK’s Data Protection Act. Further information on this topic can be viewed on our Privacy Policy
Limitation of Liability
By visiting the Mexperience Internet site and making use of the information and services provided thereon, you expressly understand and agree that Mexperience will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to:
a) Damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible losses, even if Mexperience has been advised of the possibility of such damages, resulting from the use or inability to use the information and services provided by Mexperience;
b) The cost of procurement of substitute goods and services and information resulting from any goods, services and information purchased or obtained through or from use of Mexperience;
c) Unauthorized access to, or alteration or corruption of, your transmissions or data;
d) Statements or conduct made by any third party on the Mexperience Internet site; and
e) Any other matter relating the information and services provided by Mexperience.
Intellectual Property Notice
Intellectual Property law protects the information contained on Mexperience. Permission is given to view the material on Mexperience and save that information only for future personal non-commercial use and reference but you should not further copy, modify, use or distribute the information in any way unless you obtain written agreement from Mexperience.
Mexperience Limited owns all Intellectual Property in the design and layout of the Mexperience web site. You may not make any written statement to indicate that you are associated with Mexperience without the prior agreement or permission of Mexperience.
Copyright Notices
Written content is © Mexperience Ltd, except third party eBooks which are © their authors and distributed under Licence by Mexperience Ltd.
Photographs in our Mexico Photo galleries is © Mexperience Ltd. We do not licence our photography for commercial use.
Stock photography, where used, is published under License from Big Stock Photo and/or Shutter Stock.
Trade Mark Notices
“Mexperience” is a Registered Trade Mark ® of Mexperience Ltd.
“Experience More of Mexico™” is used as active Trademark by Mexperience on its web site and other marketing materials.
“Vista Mexico Newsletter™” is used as an active Trademark by Mexperience on its web site and other marketing materials.
Miscellaneous
a) These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between Visitors to Mexperience and Mexperience Ltd, and solely govern Visitors’ use of the information and services provided on the Mexperience Internet site;
b) These terms and conditions supersede any prior agreements between a Visitor and Mexperience Ltd in relation to its Internet site;
c) Visitors may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply upon visiting sites managed and/or owned by third parties associated with, or referenced by, Mexperience;
d) The Laws of England shall govern these terms and conditions as if they were a contract wholly entered into and wholly performed within England;
e) Visitors and Mexperience agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts in any matters relating to these terms and conditions or use of the Mexperience information and / or services;
f) To the extent that any provision of these Terms are found by any court or competent authority to be invalid, unlawful, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, that provision shall be deemed not to be a part of these Terms, it shall not affect the enforce-ability of the remainder of these Terms nor shall it affect the validity, lawfulness or enforce-ability of that provision in any other jurisdiction; and
g) Visitors agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising from the use of Mexperience or these terms and conditions, such action shall be filed within one calendar month after such claim arises, or be forever expelled.
Mexico in your inbox
Our free newsletter about Mexico brings you a monthly round-up of recently published stories and opportunities, as well as gems from our archives.
MexperienceAbout Mexperience
Mexico Travel Experiences
Plan Your Trip
Award-Winning Web Site
Mexperience Team
Mexperience Customer Care
How to Contact Us
Company Information
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Mexico Marketing
Mexperience
We bring you the best of Mexico for lifestyle and leisure. Experience More of Mexico — with Mexperience
MEXPERIENCEAbout Mexperience
Award-Winning Web Site
How to Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Mexico Marketing
Experience MexicoDiscover Mexico
Mexico Travel
Mexico Lifestyle
Mexico Essentials Guide
Mexico Real Estate
Mexico Insurance
Mexico A-to-Z
Free eBooks
Mexperience NewsletterMexico Newsletter
Subscribe to our free newsletter
Travel PlanningPlan Your Trip
Travel Features
Mexico Auto Insurance
Mexico Insurance
Lifestyle PlanningLifestyle Offers
Immigration Assistance
Mexico Insurance
Health Insurance
Medical Evacuation