http://www.pensionrights.org/privacy-policy
Jump to Navigation
Jump to Content
-A A +A
Connect with us:
Find HelpPensionHelp America
PCIP Success StoriesA $500 pension after 15 years of hard work? Not so fast.
An unusual victory for the Mid-Atlantic Pension Counseling Project
From Zero to Two Pensions - With
Help From the New England Pension Assistance Project
Mid-America Pension Rights Project locates “lost” pensions for 70 people
Mid-America Pension Rights Project works with Department of Labor to overturn wrongful benefit denial
New England Pension Assistance Project locates pension for widow
No divorce means widow is entitled to husband’s pension
Pension Rights Center Fellow helps widow receive pension
Restarting a pension becomes a family matter
South Central Pension Rights Project helps widow claim survivor benefit from Monsanto
South Central Pension Rights Project saves a retiree from a $120,000 recoupment
South Central Pension Rights Project verifies client’s earnings record to retrieve pension
Upper Midwest Pension Rights Project finds "lost" pension plan
Upper Midwest Pension Rights Project helps widow avoid recoupment for overpayment
Western States Pension Assistance Project wins survivor's benefit for widow
National Pension Lawyers NetworkNPLN Attorney Registration Form
Request a NPLN referral
Learn the IssuesLegislation
Regulations
Court Cases
Policy Agenda
Get the FactsFact Sheets
Reports
Books
Statistics
Take ActionAct NowDay of Action on Multiemployer Plans
Summary of pension cutback provisions in cromnibus
Tell Congress to just say “no” to pension cuts!
Grassroots Groups
Activist Profiles
Share your story
The Pension Rights Center's guide to using Twitter for advocacy
Ways to Take ActionArrange Meetings
Campaigning for COLAs
Make Calls
Send E-mails, Faxes, Letters
Shareholder Resolutions
Town Hall Meetings
Write Letter to Editor
News RoomIn the News
News Releases
Speeches, Statements, Letters, and Comments
Blog
PRC e-Newsletters
What We DoEvents40th Anniversary Gala Event: A Celebration of Superheroes
Enforcement of ERISA Rights and Responsibilities: AgendaEnforcement of ERISA Rights and Responsibilities – an ERISA@40 Event
Re-Imagining PensionsAdjustable Pension Plan
Damon Silvers
Gregory Dean
IncomePlus
John Adler
Judy Mazo
Mark Iwry
Mark Ugoretz
Melissa Kahn
Michael Kreps
Pamela Perun
Plain Old Pension Plan
Portfolio Cash Balance Plan
Retirement Security Funds
Secure Choice Pension
Social Security annuities
Stephen Goss
Super Simple Plan
Reception honoring the Pension Counseling and Information Program: 20 Years of Success
Retirement Security for All A Forum on State Action
Webinar: Finding Lost Pension Plans
2018 donors
Annual Superhero Celebration
Board of DirectorsBoard of Directors
HistoryConversation on Coverage
National Pension Assistance Resource Center
WomenHistory
Legal TrainingsERISA Basics for Florida Legal Services
Michael S. Gordon Fellows
StaffStaff Bios
Jobs
Home Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains what the Pension Rights
Center does
with the
information you provide via our web site.
We have created
this policy to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy.
Web Site Usage and Information Collection When you visit the PRC web site, we automatically obtain
information
about the names of the internet service provider being
used, the type of browser
being used, the web site that most frequently
referred visitors to the PRC web
site, the pages visited and the
length of each visit made to the PRC web
site.  By collecting this
information we
are able to generate statistics that will help us
improve the overall usability
of our web site.
Personally-Identifiable Information We do not collect personally-identifiable information, such
as your name, mailing address, phone number, and e-mail address, unless
you
provide that information by completing a form on our web site. We
use the information you provide to us solely to communicate with you. We
do not share your information with anyone else.
Financial Information The Pension
Rights Center
uses Network for Good to process
online donations made to the Center.  The Pension Rights
Center does
not retain,
share, store, or use any of the personally-identifiable
information provided when online donations
are made.
General Information If you experience technical problems with the operation of
this web site, please send an e-mail to webmaster@pensionrights.org.
Looking for help with your retirement plan?
If you have a problem with your retirement plan, free help may be available from the U.S. Administration on Aging's network of Pension Counseling and Information Projects. Find help now.
What's your story?
We're hearing from people around the country who are worried about cuts to their pensions. These are their stories.
PensionHelp America connects people who need help with their pension, 401(k), and other retirement plans with the pension counseling projects, legal services providers, and government agencies that can help answer their questions. Visit www.pensionhelp.org.
From Our Blog
Legislation offers hope for finding lost pensions
In my 15 years at the Pension Rights Center my primary responsibility has been helping people get assistance with their pension problems.  The most frequent question I get from callers is, “I worked for a company for a number of years and now that company is gone and I can’t find my retirement plan. What can I do?”
More...
Roadmap to retirement
Let our roadmap to helpful information about retirement plans for private-sector workers put you on the path toward a secure retirement. Get started.
Get E-mail Updates
Subscribe Now
Did You Know?
In 2017, workers will be able to contribute up to $18,000 to their 401(k) plans. Workers age 50 and older can contribute $24,000. Employers can match those contributions up to a total employer-employee limit of $52,000. Check out our helpful fact sheet to learn the contribution limits for other retirement plans. Read the fact sheet.
Pension Rights Center
1050 30th Street, NW |
Washington, DC 20007 |
(202) 296-3776 | 1-888-420-6550
Home|
Site Map|
Privacy Policy|
Disclaimer|
Contact Us