https://www.descansogardens.org/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Terms and ConditionsThe Descanso Gardens Guild, Inc. (Descanso Gardens) maintains www.descansogardens.org and affiliate websites and applications (collectively, the “Descanso Gardens website”) in order to provide information about Descanso Gardens, including collections, event and visitor information. By accessing, browsing, or using this website, you acknowledge and accept the following terms and conditions, without limitation. Descanso Gardens may revise these terms and conditions at any time. It is your responsibility to be in compliance with our current terms and conditions, and we therefore encourage you to review this page from time to time. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the Descanso Gardens website.
Purchases Made Through the Descanso Gardens websiteDescanso Gardens retains the right to refuse, limit or cancel any orders made through the Descanso Gardens website. Pricing may be adjusted at any time. Errors in pricing or processing are subject to correction.
Descanso Gardens bills all purchases made through the Descanso Gardens website to your credit card. In the event legal action is necessary to collect on balances due, you agree to reimburse Descanso Gardens for all expenses incurred to recover sums due, including attorneys’ fees and other legal expenses.
By initiating a credit card transaction through this site, you acknowledge that all sales are final.
Privacy PolicyDescanso Gardens is committed to respecting the privacy of donors, members and ticket purchasers. We do not collect information about individuals — such as their names and postal or email addresses — except when provided by the individual.
Descanso Gardens uses this information to understand the interests of donors, members, and visitors in its mission and to update them on the organization’s plans and activities. Descanso Gardens does not share this information with third parties. You may contact us to have your name removed from our mailing list.
Let's Keep In Touch!
Sign up now
Descanso Gardens REMAINS open
Tickets are limited to preserve safe distancing. All non-members MUST  buy tickets online in advance. Tickets are released monthly.