http://www.certifiedangusbeef.com/legal.php
Our Beliefs
Scholarships
FAQS
Legal/Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions for Use of
Certified Angus Beef ® brand Website
These Terms of Use ("Terms") apply to this website—CertifiedAngusBeef.com—and all other websites owned and operated by Certified Angus Beef LLC (collectively, the “Site”). Please read these Terms carefully before using the Site. The terms “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Certified Angus Beef LLC and any of its affiliated companies. “You” refers to any person accessing and/or using the Site.
Use of the Site
By using this Site, you agree to each of the following: (a) you will not post any content or use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful, tortious, intrusive on another’s privacy, harassing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, violent, pornographic or threatening; (b) you will not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute any content, information, software, or other material that violates any third-party rights, or infringes on the intellectual property rights or other rights of ours or any third party; (c) you will not impersonate any person or organization, or misrepresent an affiliation with another person or organization; (d) you will not use the Site for any commercial purpose not expressly approved by us in writing; (e) you will not upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any advertising or promotional materials or any other form of solicitation; and (f) you will not upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any material that contains viruses which may adversely affect the operation or features of the Site.
With respect to content or other materials you upload, post, distribute, publish or reproduce on the Site (collectively, "User Content"), you represent and warrant that you own (or have sufficient rights to) all right, title and interest in and to such User Content, including, without limitation, all copyright and rights of publicity contained therein. By uploading any User Content, you hereby grant us a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, transferable, perpetual and irrevocable license to copy, display, upload, perform, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your User Content in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed. This license includes the right to host, index, cache, distribute and tag any User Content. You represent that you have the right to grant the license set forth herein.
You understand and agree that you have no ownership rights to the Site or the materials and features contained on it. We may cancel your account and delete all User Content associated with your account at any time, and without notice, if we deem that you have violated these Terms or applicable law. You acknowledge that any reliance on such materials will be at your own risk. We assume no liability for any information removed from our Site, and reserve the right to restrict access to the Site or to your user account permanently.
Trademarks
Many of the trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively, the "Trademarks") contained on the Site are registered trademarks of ours protected by the laws of the United States and other countries. Nothing contained on the Site shall be construed as granting, either expressly or by implication, any license or right to use of Trademarks displayed on the Site without our express written permission. Your use of our Trademarks displayed on the Site, without such authorization, is prohibited strictly . You are also advised that we will aggressively enforce our intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Passwords and Security
On certain areas of our Site, you may be given the ability to provide us with personally identifiable information. The decision to provide this information is purely optional; however, if you elect not to provide such information, you may not be able to access certain content or features on the Site. When you register or become a member of the Site, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information on all registration pages. You agree that we may use the information you provide to us in accordance with the Privacy Policy of this Site.
Additionally, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur while signed in under your account and to notify us immediately if you learn of any unauthorized use of your account. You further agree to cease access to your account sign-in information if you are terminated temporarily or permanently, resign, retire, or otherwise discontinue your employment or are transferred to a position where access to such information could reasonably be considered potentially damaging to us or one of our licensees. You further authorize us, in our sole discretion, to terminate your access to the site at any time, and without notice.
You agree not to email, post, or otherwise disseminate any user ID, password, or other information, which provides you, or any third party, access to the Site. We are not liable for any damages that you may incur because of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge.
Credit Card Usage
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Site, you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your transaction, including your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address and your shipping information. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE ANY CREDIT CARD(S) UTILIZED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSACTION. By submitting such information, you grant us, or the third party collecting that information on our behalf, the right to provide such information to third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of transactions initiated by you or on your behalf. You acknowledge that verification of the information provided may be required prior to the acknowledgment or completion of any transaction.
Disclaimers
To the extent permitted by law, we make no representation about the reliability of the features of this Site or of the content contained within it. We do not endorse or verify any information provided by users on the Site and nothing shall be considered as an endorsement of any User Content. You shall not create or distribute information, including, but not limited to, advertisements, press releases or other marketing materials, or include links to any sites which contain or suggest an endorsement by us.
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS, AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE MADE WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR ANY INFORMATION OR SOFTWARE CONTAINED WITHIN IT. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE; NOR SHALL WE BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES, ERRORS, DEFECTS, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY EVENTS BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS LINE FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO THIS SITE'S RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; AS A RESULT, THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES DESCRIBED ON THE SITE ARE OFFERED IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE THEY MAY BE LEGALLY OFFERED FOR SALE. THE INFORMATION ON THE SITE IS NOT AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION BY ANYONE IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION CANNOT LEGALLY BE MADE, OR TO ANY PERSON TO WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE A SOLICITATION.
Third Party Websites
This Site may hyperlink to sites not owned by, maintained by or related to us. Such hyperlinks are provided as a service to users and are not sponsored by or affiliated with the site or us, and we do not endorse nor make any representations or warranties about the content, completeness or accuracy of those third-party sites. Information you submit on a third party site, accessible from this Site, is subject to the terms of that site's privacy policy, and we have no control over how that information is collected, used or otherwise handled.
Jurisdiction
This Site is controlled and operated by us from and within the United States, and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any country other than that of the United States. We may limit the availability of the Site, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose for any reason, at any time, and in our sole discretion. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Ohio without regard to conflicts of laws principles. By using this Site, you agree that any and all disputes regarding these Terms will be brought exclusively before the courts located within the State of Ohio and you consent to that jurisdiction.
YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL DISPUTES, CLAIMS, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR CONNECTED WITH THIS SITE AND/OR THESE TERMS WILL BE RESOLVED INDIVIDUALLY, WITHOUT RESORT TO ANY FORM OF CLASS ACTION.
Miscellaneous Provisions
Both you and us acknowledge and agree that no partnership is created in any form and neither you nor us have the power or the authority to obligate or bind the other. You agree to indemnify and hold us, our parents, subsidiaries, officers, employees, and website contractors and each of their officers, employees and agents harmless from any claims, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, related to your violation of the Terms.
The failure of us to comply with these Terms because of an act of God, war, fire, riot, terrorism, earthquake, actions of federal, state, provincial/territorial, or local governmental authorities or for any other reason beyond our reasonable control shall not be deemed a breach of these Terms. If we fail to act with respect to your breach or anyone else’s breach on any occasion, we are not waiving our rights to act with respect to future or similar breaches. If any provision of these Terms shall be deemed unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms constitute a binding agreement between you and us, and is accepted by you upon your use of the Site. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the subject matter contained herein. From time to time, we may update the Site and its Terms. Your use of the Site after we post any changes to the Terms constitutes notice of and agreement to those changes. You agree to review these Terms periodically to ensure that you are familiar with the most recent version. For information on the collecting and storing of personal information, please review our Site’s Privacy Policy.
Certified Angus Beef ® brand Website Privacy Policy
Whenever you use a website, personal data is collected. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets forth the policies and procedures of Certified Angus Beef LLC (“we”, “us” or “our”), with respect to information, including personally identifiable data and other information (collectively, “Personal Data”) collected from users of websites owned and operated by us (collectively, our “Site”). By using our Site, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your access to and use of our Site is also subject to our Terms of Use. Please note, you may use our Site without providing your Personal Data; however, if you choose not to provide certain information, you may be unable to use certain functions of our Site.
Personal Data We Collect
We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you register an account, contact us with inquiries, buy a product, enter a contest or fill out a survey.
Personal Data may include your name, mailing address, phone number, email address or a security question and answer.
Additionally, if you are ordering from our Site, your credit card information may be collected in order to complete the transaction but will not be stored or used thereafter by us.
When you interact with us through our Site, we also have the capability to receive and store certain Personal Data by using tracking tools, like browser cookies. Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and transferred to your device. For example, our Site may set a cookie on your browser, which allows you to access our Site without having to re-enter a password more than once per visit. This information cannot be used presently to specifically identify you, except if you sign in under our Licensee Services section of our Site. Please note that your browser may give you the ability to modify cookies or turn them off entirely.
We do use cookies technologies on our Site via Google Analytics Services; however, no specific personal information or personally identifying data is collected or stored, but we may receive information related to you, such as your general location, age and gender in an effort to better understand our user demographics. Google Analytics also gathers data about your activity on our Site, including how long you stay on our Site, what pages you visit, what browser you use, and more technical data. This tracking data helps us better understand the needs and desires of our Site visitors and to provide better content for our Site. On occasion, we will generate aggregate data about the visitors to our Site. Google may decide to use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. We stay firmly within the bounds of the Google Analytics Terms of Service. If you prefer to avoid this tracking, you can opt out of Google’s advertising tracking cookie or use a browser plugin to opt out of all Google Analytics tracking software.
We also use Facebook Analytics to measure and generate ads on our behalf about products and services tailored to your interests. Upon visiting our Site, we would provide Facebook with a unique cookie containing information about your interaction with us on our Site and Facebook would use this data to generate specific ads for us when you sign in to your Facebook account. Data collected in this way is anonymous to us, which means we cannot see the personal data of individual users; however, this data is saved and processed by Facebook. Facebook can connect this data with your Facebook account and use it for its own advertising purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Policy which can be found at Facebook.com/about/privacy/. Please click here if you would like to withdraw your consent.
We also obtain contact details and other personal information regarding media contacts and influencers from a variety of sources including Cision. If you wish to know more about how such information is collected and used, please refer to Cision’s privacy notice at www.cision.com/us/legal/privacy-policy/.
Use of Your Personal Data
We use the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Our primary goal in collecting, using and sharing your Personal Data is:
(a) to respond to your questions or comments, or communicate with you with respect to an order you placed;
(b) to improve our Site features, content and usability;
(c) to improve our web security; and
(d) to provide you with ads about our products and/or offers.
We may also use your Personal Data to email you with updates and promotions.
If, at any time, you wish to discontinue receiving future emails, you may do so by following the opt-out link within the body of the email.
You may also contact us directly at any time and ask to have your name withdrawn from our mailing list.
If we intend to use any Personal Data in a manner that is inconsistent with the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of the anticipated use prior to the collection of the Personal Data.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
We are committed to your privacy and will never sell your Personal Data.
There are, however, instances where we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without providing notice to you. Specifically, we may choose to share your Personal Data with:
(a) our parent company, the American Angus Association®, and fellow subsidiaries;
(b) third parties that perform services on our behalf including our business, marketing and licensed partners;
(c) a governmental agency or investigatory body as required by law; and
(d) a successor business in the instance that we sell all or part of our business.
In the case where Personal Data is shared to a third party, we will provide them with only the minimum amount of Personal Data necessary to complete the requested service.
Privacy of Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13 without permission from a parent or guardian, and no part of our Site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data though our Site.
If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us Personal Data, please contact us immediately so that we can delete their information from our database.
Third-Party Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to our Site. While you may encounter links on our Site to other websites not owned and operated by us, please be aware that those websites are not covered by our Privacy Policy, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those websites.
We suggest contacting those websites directly for information on their individual privacy policies.
Security Risk
The internet is not 100% secure. Despite the fact that we use industry standard safeguards to protect your Personal Data, we cannot promise that your use of our Site will be completely safe and secure. We encourage you to use caution when using the internet and to take steps to reduce your risk level, including changing your passwords periodically, using a secure web browser and maintaining the confidentiality of your account login information.
If we become aware that any of your Personal Data has been compromised and the information poses a high risk to you, we will inform you directly.
Transfer of Personal Data
Our Site is maintained on servers located within the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your Personal Data to our servers in the United States.
Modifications to Our Privacy Policy
From time to time we may choose to update this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice.
Please check our Privacy Policy periodically for changes.
Your continued use of our Site after changes have been implemented shall constitute your acceptance to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Requests/Questions
Please contact us with questions or comments related to this Privacy Policy, to request a list of your stored Personal Data, to correct any information contained within your Personal Data or to request that your Personal Data be deleted from our database. Be advised, we are not obliged to comply with your request to have your Personal Data deleted in certain instances, for example, if we need to maintain your Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation or to establish a legal claim, or if we require the information for processing of historical or statistical data.
Please direct all inquiries to the following:
Certified Angus Beef LLC
Customer Service Department
206 Riffel Road
Wooster, Ohio 44691
330-345-0809
cs@certifiedangusbeef.com
Follow @CertAngusBeef