http://www.bookfinder4u.com/conditions_of_use.html
Book Price Comparison at 130 stores!
Help
Bookmark Tell
a Friend Out-of-Print
Wish
List
Sign
up | Login
|
My Account
US Books
UK Books
KEYWORD
TITLE
AUTHOR
ISBN  Advanced
Search  Out-Of-Print
Search
Bookfinder4u.com - Conditions of
Use:
Add
to Favorites
Tell
a Friend  Link
To Us
PERMISSION TO USE THE WEBSITES
The Websites may be accessed and used only by individuals who are
able to enter into legally binding and enforceable contracts. Users
of the Websites must comply with all applicable laws. The Websites
may not be used by persons in jurisdictions where access to or use
of the Websites or any part of them may be illegal or prohibited.
If you breach any provision of these Terms and Conditions, you may
no longer use the Websites. BookFinder4U.com may in its discretion
refuse permission to access and use the Websites.
DISCLAIMER
The Websites are provided on an "as is" and "as available"
basis, and without any representations, warranties or conditions
of any kind, whether express or implied, and including without limitation
implied conditions, warranties or representations of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, performance, durability, security,
availability, or accessibility, all of which are hereby disclaimed
by BookFinder4U.com to the fullest extent permitted by law. You
are solely responsible for: (a) obtaining, configuring and maintaining
all computer hardware, software, telephone services, and other equipment
and services necessary for You to access and use the Websites; (b)
scanning for and preventing the receipt and transmission of viruses,
trojan horses, worms or other destructive or disruptive components;
and (c) maintaining a complete and current backup of all of the
data contained on your computer system prior to accessing or using
the Websites.
PLEASE KEEP IN MIND THAT SOME OF THE CONTENT THAT WE MAKE AVAILABLE
TO YOU THROUGH THIS WEBSITE COMES FROM AMAZON WEB SERVICES. ALL
SUCH CONTENT IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS." THIS CONTENT
AND YOUR USE OF IT ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND/OR REMOVAL AT ANY TIME
BookFinder4U.com is ONLY a book price comparison robot and we don't
involve in any actual billing process. As a result, we cant answer
any specific order question which can only be resolved by the store
from which user purchases the product.
BookFinder4U.com will not under any circumstances be liable to
you or any other person for any loss of use, loss of production,
loss of income or profits (anticipated or otherwise), loss of markets,
economic loss, special, indirect or consequential loss or damage
or punitive damages, whether in contract, tort or under any other
theory of law or equity, arising from, connected with, or relating
to the use of the Websites by you or any other person.
Part of content on BookFinder4U.com are properties of their respective
owners and copyright holders. We will not under any circumstances
be liable to you or any other person for any loss due to the use
of these content on BookFinder4U.com.
BookFinder4U.com is not obliged to monitor, screen, police or edit
the use of the Websites, including postings of materials to the
Websites, although BookFinder4U.com reserves the right to do so
in its discretion. BookFinder4U.com will respond as it considers
appropriate, in its discretion, if it becomes aware of any inappropriate
uses of the Websites, including without limitation uses that constitute
copyright infringement. You may report any claims or concerns to
us.
Use of any service provided on this website will be construed
as an total acceptance of these terms above.
Click here to read our Privacy
Commitment
if you have any questions regarding
our terms, please feel free to contact
us.
US Books
UK Books
. Help
Search By :
KEYWORD
TITLE
AUTHOR
ISBN
Search
Rare, Out of Print Books? Click
here
About Us Contact
Us Tell
a Friend Bookmark
Link To Us
Help Home
Browse Authors Browse
ISBN
Topics
Bestsellers Out-of-Print Search
Advanced Search
Store
List Wish List
Search History
My Account New!
©2006 BookFinder4U.com
Compare 130 bookstores - All rights Reserved.
Privacy Commitment
BookFinder4U
Suggestion Box:
Let us know anything good or bad about this website and help us improve!