http://www.debtkiller.com/privacy-policy
Re-Building a Home Credit Repair Leave a Message
DEBTKILLER.COM
Helping You 'Really' Get Out Of Debt!
Home About Privacy FAQ Credit Repair Re-Build Home Amazon Leave Message
.
.
-----------------------
This software manages
the Debtkiller.Com
Membership Site!
-----------------------
-----------------------
Privacy Policy
By Debtkiller Guy on Thursday, September 16th, 2010 | No Comments
Your PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, debtkiller.com has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Collection of Personal InformationWhen visiting debtkiller.com, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party WebsitesWe have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this PolicyThe contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of debtkiller.com then you may contact us at teamasawa@debtkiller.com
Last updated Fri, 17 Sep 2010 04:21
|
Leave a comment
Comments are closed.
Recent Posts
Personal Budgeting Is Easy
Loan Modification
The Road To A Frugal Life
How to Prevent Identity Theft
Watch Premium TV on Your PC!
Tips to a Better Clean Credit Report and Financial Life with no Money Problems
Pages
About
Amazon
Frequently Asked Questions – The FAQ!
Leave US a Message Here
Privacy Policy
Verify
Welcome to DEBTKILLER
Categories
Budget
Credit
Housing
Introduction
Loans
Save Money
Archives
January 2011
December 2010
September 2010
August 2010
June 2010
Tag Cloud24 hour credit repair
age
borrowing money
budgeting
build
Cash Advance loans
Consumer Credit Protection Act
credit repair
credit repair articles
credit repair attorneys
credit repair blog
credit repair center
credit repair counseling
credit repair specialist
credit report
credit score
debt consolidation
Discrimination in mortgage
Discrimination in mortgage lending
Discrimination in mortgage lending is illegal
Equal Credit Opportunity Act
Fair Housing Act
FHA prohibits mortgage lending discrimination
home improvements
improve a dwelling
interest
interest rate
laws protect you against discrimination
making loans to buy
marital status
mortgage lending
national origin
Pay Day Loans
professional credit repair
race or color
receipt of income
refinance
religion
repair
residential real-estate
RIGHTS UNDER ECOA
save money
sex
step by step credit repair
top 10 credit repair
God Bless Our Troops
Yes, we ARE a Christian Nation !