https://www.americastestkitchen.com/guides/corporate-pages/non-use-policy
Search
Login
Recipes
Equipment Reviews
Taste Tests
Kids
Holiday Shop
New
PLAY
TV Show
Podcasts
Skills
America's Test Kitchen
Cook's Illustrated
Cooking School
Cook's Country
ATK Shop
ATK Kids
Comments Icon
Comment
Facebook Icon
Share
Twitter Icon
Tweet
Pinterest Icon
Pin
In this Chapter
Non-Use and Reporting Policy
America’s Test Kitchen, publisher of Cook’s Illustrated and Cook’s Country magazines, cookbooks and hosts of public television’s America’s Test Kitchen and Cook’s Country from America’s Test Kitchen cooking shows, has built, and is proud to maintain, an unassailable reputation as an unbiased and advertising-free cooking authority. Our reputation is our number one asset, making our product ratings and reviews highly regarded. Our name, logos, artwork and editorial content are all proprietary and protected and enforced under U.S. copyright and trademark laws. It is our policy of non-use, however, which permits our ratings and reviews to have the integrity and currency consumers rely on. We can only accomplish this by strictly controlling commercial use of our content. Accordingly, our product ratings and reviews are absolutely not to be used by any one to promote or advertise their own products or those of someone else. This applies to all manner of third party use, including, but not limited to those manufacturers of products we have reviewed, any distributors or vendors thereof or services which compile ratings of others. The objectivity which is integral to our business model and our success precludes us from deriving revenue from licensing our name or content, except in extremely limited circumstances and by explicit prior permission. While we will take all appropriate steps to resolve each and every infringement of our policy, we also ask our readers to assist us in safeguarding the integrity and objectivity of our brand by reporting to us (at usagereport@americastestkitchen.com) any commercial use of our content. America’s Test Kitchen will vigorously address every violation of this policy brought to our attention in order to preserve its role as your cooking authority.
1. Terms of Use
2. Privacy Policy
3. Kids Privacy Policy
4. EU Privacy Notice
5. Non-Use Policy
6. Posting Guidelines
Sign up for our cooking newsletter
How we use your email
arrow-rightarrowArrow CirclechevronCloseFacebook LogohamburgerInstagram Logopinterest-roundribbonsearchtwitter-roundyoutube-round
America's Test Kitchen LogoccoCook's Illustrated LogoschoolCook's Science Logo
EU Privacy Notice
table-of-contents
Contents
Posting Guidelines
1. Terms of Use
2. Privacy Policy
3. Kids Privacy Policy
4. EU Privacy Notice
5. Non-Use Policy
6. Posting Guidelines
Sign up for our cooking newsletter
How we use your email
Sign up for our cooking newsletter
How we use your email address
America's Test Kitchen will not sell, rent, or disclose your email address to third parties unless otherwise notified. Your email address is required to identify you for free access to content on the site. You will also receive free newsletters and notification of America's Test Kitchen specials.
Websites
America's Test Kitchen
Cook's Illustrated
Cook's Country
Online Cooking School
ATK Shop
ATK Kids
Magazines
Cook's Illustrated
Give Cook's Illustrated
Cook's Country
Give Cook's Country
Digital Magazines
Be a Recipe Tester
Customer Service
Website FAQs
Magazine FAQs
Contact Us
Manage Email Preferences
Give a Gift Membership
Redeem a Gift Membership
Corporate
About Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Non-Use Policy
Job Opportunities
Sponsor Our Shows
Media Contact
Events & Appearances
Our Food Truck
© 2020 America's Test Kitchen. All rights reserved.
A family of brands trusted by millions of home cooks
Learn real cooking skills from your favorite food experts
The iconic magazine that investigates how and why recipes work
American classics, everyday favorites, and the stories behind them
Experts teach 200+ online courses for home cooks at every skill level
Kid tested, kid approved: Welcome to America’s Test Kitchen for the next generation