http://www.nari.org/terms
Skip to Main Content
Back to Home
Home
TermsCopyright
Copyright © National Association of the Remodeling Industry
All materials posted on this site by NARI are subject to copyrights owned by the National Association of the Remodeling Industry (NARI). NARI hereby provides limited permission for the user of this site to reproduce, retransmit, or reprint for such user's own personal use (and for such personal use only) part or all of any document on this site as long as the copyright notice and permission notice contained in such document or portion thereof is included in such reproduction, retransmission or reprinting. All other reproduction, retransmission, or reprinting of all or part of any document found on this site is expressly prohibited, unless NARI has expressly granted its prior written consent to so reproduce, retransmit, or reprint the material. All other rights reserved.
Trademark
The names, trademarks, service marks and logos of NARI appearing on this site may not be used in any advertising or publicity, or otherwise to indicate NARI's sponsorship of, or affiliation with, any product or service, without NARI's written permission.
Disclaimers
NARI is providing information and services on this site as a benefit and service in furtherance of NARI's non-profit and tax-exempt status. NARI makes no representations about the suitability of this information and these services for any purpose.
NARI does not exert editorial control over the materials that are posted by third parties onto the site or materials that are e-mailed by third parties to any other persons. NARI is not responsible for any material posted by any third party. NARI specifically disclaims any and all liability for any claims or damages which may result from any postings by third parties.
Privacy
We offer electronic mail from this site as a service to our visitors. We will endeavor to keep all of your e-mail private, viewable only by you and the person to whom you address it, except:
We, as site operators, may need to look at your electronic mail if we believe it is necessary to protect ourselves or other visitors from injury or damage. For example, if we have reason to believe a visitor is involved in activities which violate our rules or applicable law, which could lead the authorities to seize or search this site's server, we may review his or her electronic mail for our own protection. We will not, however, monitor electronic mail unless we obtain reason to believe it is being misused.
We will not deliberately disclose electronic mail to other visitors. If we believe certain electronic mail is connected with activities that violate our rules or applicable law, we may disclose it to the authorities to protect ourselves and other callers.
Remember that the person to whom you send electronic mail is not legally required to keep it secret. The sender or receiver of electronic mail has the right to make it public.
If a governmental authority ever searches or seizes this site's server, it may gain access to your private electronic mail. In that case, we cannot assure they will not review it.
All electronic messages may be copied as a routine matter and may be destroyed on a regular basis. NARI disclaims any responsibility to maintain copies of any such communication or to assure that such information is deleted.
Limitation of Liability and Indemnity
All visitors must accept responsibility for their own acts, and accept that an act by another visitor that damages them must not be blamed on NARI, but on the other visitor. Therefore, as a condition of participation in site, participants must agree as follows:
You agree that neither NARI or its agents will be responsible to you for any indirect, consequential, special or punitive damages or losses you may incur in connection with visiting this site or any of the data or other materials transmitted through or residing on this site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damage or loss. In addition, you agree to defend and indemnify NARI and hold NARI harmless from and against any and all claims, proceedings damages, injuries, liabilities losses, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) relating to any acts or omissions by you or materials or information transmitted by you in connection with our forum leading wholly or partially to claims against NARI or this site by other callers or third parties.
The National Association of the Remodeling Industry reserves the right to change any part of the rules of use, including the privacy policy, at any time and without notification.