http://www.greenguerillas.org/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Home
Programs
History
People
Blog
Resources
Support
Contact
Green Guerillas
Sign up for news & updates:
Subscribe
×
Subscribe to Green Guerillas
Use the form below to subscribe to our email list. You'll receive community garden alerts, updates from Green Guerillas, and invitations to events. We'll never share your email address and we won't send you spam. You can unsubscribe at anytime using the links provided in the emails you'll receive or at this page.
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Close
Privacy Policy
Information we collect: We do not use cookies to track users of our website. Contact information that you provide Green Guerillas through our website, by e-mail, or by regular mail will be kept strictly confidential. We do not and will not share your contact information with any other organizations. Green Guerillas will use the contact information you provide us to send you information, to invite you to events, to ask you to take action on an issue, or to ask you to make a financial contribution to Green Guerillas. At any time you can ask us to stop sending you mailings by clicking the “un-subscribe” link on e-mails or by writing to us at info@nycgreen.org or at 232 East 11th Street, New York, NY 10003.
Safety: We have established procedures to safeguard our physical premises and to protect against the loss, disclosure, alteration, misuse or unauthorized access of personal information both online and offline. Only those employees of Green Guerillas who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Donate
Search
Support Us
make adonation
buy Guerillasgear
From Our Blog
You’re Invited: Fall Benefit Celebration 2020
Oct 5
Join us virtually at 7pm on November 12, 2020:
* Honor the work of community gardeners this …
“Pots of Love” for Linda Yang
Jul 7
With heavy hearts we mourn the passing of Linda Yang, long-time Board member and champion …
Resources Needed / Shared for NYC Community Gardens
Apr 9
Because of sudden cuts in our funding from the city, as the city fights COVID-19, …
Our Twitter Feed
Follow @greenguerillas
Green Guerillas
@greenguerillas
Petition for Community Gardens & Note on Giving - https://t.co/rPUvQQPrA2 Join us in petitioning the City to seek e… https://t.co/0wmr1OElNBabout 1 week ago
Just posted a photo @ New York, New York https://t.co/Nj0nzQJbIuabout 1 month ago
Just posted a video https://t.co/pnOiPTljANabout 1 month ago
© Green Guerillas
(212) 594-2155info@nycgreen.org
30 Third Ave, Room 848Brooklyn, NY 11217
Home
Programs
History
People
Blog
Resources
Support
Contact Us
Annual Report & 990 Form
Previous Year’s Accomplishments
Privacy Policy
Sign up for news & updates:
Subscribe
Connect with us: