http://www.grandtimes.com/policy.html
The
GRANDtimes.com Web site (“Web site”) is owned and operated by
GRANDtimes.com. The following privacy statement describes the practice of
GRANDtimes.com with respect to the collection, maintenance and disclosure
of information on the Web site.
Information
Collected
You
can access this Web site and browse it without providing your personal
information.  But in order to participate in some of the activities
available on, or benefit from services offered on, the Web site, a user
must provide personal information.
Editorial
Preview Newsletter
To
subscribe to our weekly newsletter service users are required to provide
personal information such as name and e-mail address.  The provision of personal information is not optional if a
user wishes to receive newsletters and we will not be able to provide a
user with the requested service unless the requested information is
submitted.
Surveys
To improve services and the quality of the Web site
and to expand our users’ experience on the Web site, we occasionally
conduct surveys among users which request the provision of personal
information such as name and e-mail address as well as non-personal
information regarding users’ experiences on the Web site.
Participation in the surveys and the corresponding submission of
personal information are optional.
Suggestion,
Contact and Feedback
To
improve services and the quality of the Web site, we may offer users an
opportunity to provide their suggestions and contributions by completing
Suggest and/or Feedback forms.  By
virtue of the forms, we collect personal information such as full name and
e-mail address.  Through these
forms we also solicit the provision of non-personal information.  By providing your suggestions and contributions, you grant to
GRANDtimes.com an unrestricted, irrevocable, perpetual and royalty-free
license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit, distribute
and otherwise utilize such suggestions and/or contributions for any
purpose.  To contact us users
must complete the contact form requesting the provision of personal
information such as full name and e-mail address.
Use
of Personal Information Collected
Personal
information collected on this Web site is used primarily for the purpose
it is requested.  In particular, contact information, such as name and
e-mail address, is used to provide users services they have chosen on this
Web site such as the provision of newsletters.
Personal information collected in connection with a contest is used
to notify the winners and to award prizes.
We
may also use personal information to provide users with information about
new services and products offered on the Web site and to forward
promotional materials from us and our partners.
It is important to note that users may opt-out of receiving
promotional materials and information about new services on the Web site.  The opt–out procedure is discussed in detail below.
We
may use personal information collected to contact users in connection with
their inappropriate use of this Web site, non-compliance with the Terms of
Use or in connection with a complaint filed by another user.
We
may share personal information collected on the Web site with our partners
and third parties but only with your consent.
We will not share personal information if you select the opt–out
feature at the points where personal information is collected.
We
collect and use non-personal information such as demographic data to
analyze and develop our marketing strategy and to determine how you found
out about us, your interests regarding our services and how to further
improve our Web site based upon user data.
We may share non-personal information with our partners and third
parties
Disclosure
Required By Law
We
may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good
faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the
requirements of law or comply with legal process served on the Web site.
Opt-Out
We
provide users the opportunity to opt–out from receiving updates
regarding new services and products offered on the Web site, newsletters,
promotional materials and from sharing users’ personal information with
our partners and/or third parties.  The
opt–out option may be exercised at points where personal information is
collected by clicking on the “No” button.
If
the user has not exercised the opt–out option at the point where
personal information is collected, s/he can do it later by contacting us
at
Forums
Forums
are very popular informative discussion opportunities for Web site users.
Please note, however, that any information users post during forum
sessions becomes public information.
Exercise caution when you decide to disclose personal information
in forum sessions as all users of the Web site will have access to this
information.
Children and
GRANDtimes.com
The
Web site is intended for active older adults.
It is not designed for children, and we purposefully discourage
children from using this site.  Therefore,
we do not collect personal information from children and ask that users do
not provide information about children unless you are their parents.
If you do provide such information, you will have the option of
reviewing, changing, or deleting a child's personal information, revoking
the consent, or refusing to permit collection of further information.
Cookies
and Log Files
A
cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information
about the user.  Use of a
cookie is in no way linked to any personal information.
If a user rejects the cookie, s/he may still use the Web site,
although it may affect the functionality of certain services available
to the user.  Cookies also
enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their
experience on the Web site.
We
collect IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Web site, track
user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate
use.  IP addresses are not
linked to personal information.
Links
This
privacy statement applies solely to information collected on this Web
site.  This Web site contains
links to other Web sites.  Please
be aware that GRANDtimes.com has no control or influence over the privacy
practices of such other Web sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the Web site
and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site they visit.
Security
We
take every reasonably available precaution to protect our users’ information.
All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information,
is restricted in our offices.  Only
employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted
access to personal information.
This information is password protected.
Furthermore, all employees are kept up-to-date on our security
and privacy practices.
If
you have any questions about the security at the Web site, you can send an
e-mail to
Correct/Update
We
provide users with an opportunity to access their personal information to
ensure that personal information is correct, accurate and current.
To access personal information a user must send us a request at
Notification of
Changes
We
will use information in accordance with the privacy statement under which
the information was collected.  If
we decide to change our privacy statement, we will post those changes on
our homepage so that our users are always aware of the information we
collect, how we use it, and the circumstances, if any, under which we
disclose it.  If at any point
we decide to use personal information in a manner different from that
stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an
e-mail.  Users will have a choice as to whether or not they will allow
us to use their personal information in this different manner.
Enforcement
If
users have any questions or complaints with respect to the principles
outlined in this privacy statement or enforcement of this privacy
statement they should contact us at
Last revised on November 25, 2007.