https://www.remotecodelist.com/remotes/privacy.html
you're punching buttons at remotecodelist.com
home
faq
contact
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting remotecodelist.com. We
take your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes
what personal information we collect and how we use it.
Routine Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about their visitors.
This information includes, but is not limited to: IP addresses,
browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this
information is intended to personally identify specific visitors
to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration
and maintenance purposes.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you
visit our web site. These advertising companies may use cookies,
scripts and/or web beacons to collect information
about a visitor's preferences and history
in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor
with customized content.
Advertising partners and other third-parties may also use cookies,
scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order
to display advertisements and other useful information. Such
tracking is done directly by the third-parties through their own
servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.
Controlling Your Privacy
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies
if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites
is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites.
The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis.
Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block
cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
Special Note About Google Advertising
Any advertisements served by Google, Inc., and affiliated companies
may be using cookies including the
DoubleClick
cookie. These cookies allow Google to
display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that
use Google's advertising services. Users may opt out of the use of
the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting
Ads Settings.
Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party
vendor's use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting
aboutads.info.
Any tracking done by Google through
cookies and/or other mechanisms is subject to Google's own
privacy policies.
Contact Information
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed to
www@remotecodelist.com
home
faq
contact
privacy
© 2000-2020 Remotecodelist.com
Last updated Mar 5, 2020