http://www.the-coop.org/privacy.html
Getting Around
The Coop
Coop Features
The Coop Home
Farmer's Market
The Classroom
Poultry People Email
Links
Ag. Books
Poultry Shows
Resources
Library
Champion Row
Use Text Links
The Coop's Privacy Policy
As Internet professionals and heavy Internet users we believe strongly in on-line privacy issues.
The Coop does not collect personal information about readers with the exception of occasional voluntary registration for information or services.
Information collected in these voluntary situations will be used solely for the purpose stated at the time of the request.
No personal information collected through the domain the-coop.org
will be sold, loaned or willfully given to any organization or individual outside of The Coop and L. Hadley & Associates unless the request clearly states otherwise.
There are a number of organizations, companies and individuals that partcipate with The Coop in creating The Coop community.
These organizations and individuals are encouraged to adopt a proactive approach to on-line information privacy.
The domain the-coop.org will not provide services capturing personal data to sites hosted on the domain.
As a user you are encouraged to exercise judgement in the information you release, but you can be assured that sites located on the-coop.org will not capture information without your permission
The Coop does collect general usage statistics.
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of the site, and the popularity of particular features.
This information helps us to continue the evolution of The Coop
to more effectively serve the needs of the poultry community.
This information does not include personal identification of any user.
The Coop provides e-mail addresses (i.e. yourname@the-coop.org) to some individuals and organizations.
One stipulation of our agreement with these individuals or organizations is that the practice of "spamming" is grounds for termintion of their account.
If you receive mail you believe is "spam" from an e-mail address at the-coop.org, please notify us so that we may investigate.
If you have any questions about The Coop's Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@the-coop.org.
|
Coop Home
|
Farmer's Market
|
EmailDirectory
|
Poultry Links
|
Coop's Library
|
Message Board
|
Poultry Shows
|
Poultry Books
|
Our Privacy Policy
This page, and all pages and content associated with The
Coop
© Copyright L.
Hadley & Associates, 1995 - 1999.
All Rights Reserved.
Information put forth in these pages is true and correct to the best of our knowledge.
Ideas, procedures and information are shared purely as ideas or suggestions and should be acted upon solely at the reader's own discretion.
No information or advice on this site should be considered medical or legal advice, nor should it ever replace consulting with a qualified professional in the given field.
The Coop, its owners and all contributors must be held harmless from any liability of any sort associated with the page, or content therein as a condition of your use of this page.
If you do not agree with this, please exit the site now.