http://www.delraycc.com/aboutdcc/privacy-policy/
Customer Service Hours
Monday - Friday
10AM - 5PM Eastern
1-800-982-8445
Financial Freedom Community
This site is a resource for Financial Education, Debt Solutions and Tools to assist with Credit Management. All the resources on this site are free of charge. We encourage visitor feedback, Tell us what you want to see more of! Sign up for news & updates and we'll keep you posted on the latest!
Navigation
Home
Bankruptcy
Community Resources
Consumer Protection
Employment Resources
Financial Assistance
Health and Human Services
National Resources
Seniors Resource Center
Tax Resources
Getting Ready to FIle Your Federal Tax Return
Transcript – Getting Ready to FIle Your Federal Tax Return
Info Graphic – Getting Ready to FIle Your Federal Tax Return
The Importance of filing your Tax Return or Tax Extension on Time
Transcript – The Importance of filing your Tax Return or Tax Extension on Time
Info Graph – The Importance of filing your Tax Return or Tax Extension on Time
Most Common Tax Filing Errors
Transcript – Most Common Tax Filing Errors
Info Graphic – Most Common Tax Filing Errors
Owing Money To The IRS
Transcript – Owing Money To The IRS
Info Graphic – Owing Money To The IRS
What to do with your tax refund
Transcript – What to do with your tax refund
Info Graphic – What to do with your tax refund
Consumer Personal Loans
Credit Card Debt
Advantages of Making Credit Card Debt Payments on Time and Other Tips
Avoiding Credit Card Traps
Credit Card Counseling – Learn Credit Management Tips
Credit Card Debt and Simple Ways to Consolidate Them
Credit Card Debt Consolidation Nationwide Epidemic
Credit Card Debt Consolidation Solutions
Credit Card Debt Help for Senior Citizens
Credit Card Debt Reduction
Credit Card Debt Solutions That Can Help
How to Pay Your Way Out of Credit Card Debt
Paying Off Your Holiday Credit Card Debt
Prevent Identity Theft With a Credit Freeze
Saving Money on Your Credit Card Bills
Terminate Credit Card Debt Without Consolidation
Tips on Credit Cards, Part 1
Credit Collection Laws
Credit Repair Organizations Act
Fair And Accurate Credit Transaction Act
Fair Credit Billing
Fair Debt Collection Practices – Know Your Law
Statute of Limitations
The Fair Credit Reporting Act
The Fair Debt Collections Practices Act
The Truth In Lending Act
Credit Counseling
Can Consumer Credit Counseling Help Avoid Foreclosure
Credit Card Counseling
Credit Counseling a Must for Bankruptcy
Credit Counseling Benefits
Credit Counseling Can Reduce Your Debt
Difference Between Credit Counseling and Debt Settlement
Free Credit Counseling to Help Manage Your Debt
Using Credit and Debt Counseling to Manage Your Finances
What Can Credit Counseling Offer You?
What is Credit Counseling
What to Ask a Credit Counselor?
Credit Education
Balance Transfers — Are they really free?
Transcript – Balance Transfers – Are they really free?
Info Graphic – Balance Transfers — Are they really free?
Consumer's Rights
Establishing New Credit
Finance Charges
What Are Secured Credit Cards
Transcript – What Are Secured Credit Cards
Info Graphic – What Are Secured Credit Cards
Credit Reports and Scores
Credit Repair After Bankruptcy
Do you Know the Benefits of Checking your Credit Report?
2016 Understanding Consumer Credit Guide
DCC Educational PDFs
Debt Consolidation
4 Valuable Tips on Debt Consolidation
Become Debt Free With Financial Advice
Benefits of Debt Consolidation
Bill Consolidation Loans
Bill Consolidation Advice to Help With Debt
Credit Consolidation: Is It Worth Taking?
Debt consolidation and Ways to Avoid Scams
Debt Consolidation Explained - What Happens if You Don't Pay?
Debt Consolidation Loans
Debt Consolidation Loans for Payday Loan Debt
Debt Consolidation Non-Profit
Debt Consolidation Now Will Improve Your Credit Score Later
Debt Consolidation Provides Relief from Financial Stress
Debt Consolidation Services Helps to Clear Debts
Debt Consolidation – Find Relief To Your Financial Stress
Debt Management Program
Debt Management Program Will Ease Debt Burden
Do You Need Debt Consolidation?
Get a Debt Consolidation Loan to Manage Bad Debts
Government Debt Consolidation Loans
Government Debt Consolidation Loans for Student Loans
How to Consolidate – Debt Help – Consolidate Your Debt Payments
How to Consolidate Bills Effectively When Left in Debt
How to Consolidate Debt
Let the government help you consolidate your debts
The Advantages of Credit Consolidation
Understanding Debt Consolidation Loans
Debt Girls
About The Girls
Debt Settlement
Debt Settlement Scams
Info Graphic – Debt Settlment Scams
Transcript – Debt Settlement Scams
Elderly Can Benefit from Debt Settlement
Financial Tools & Calculators
Bill Reminder Tool
Bill Reminder User Guide
Calculators
Car Loan Calculator
College Savings Calculator
Credit Card Payoff Calculator
Mortgage Loan Payment Calculator
Retirement Calculator
Savings Calculator
Loan Modification Guide – Do It Yourself
Frequently Asked Questions
Step 1: Prepare yourself
Step 2 Gather the necessary documents
Step 3 Know what to expect
Step 4 Contact your lender
Step 5 Review your loan-modification plan
Step 6 Finalize the approval and begin making payments
Phone Apps
Home Buying
Build or Buy a Home
Choosing a Real Estate Agent
Home Equity Interest Rate Charges
Home Equity Line of Credit
Home Equity Loan Fees
Lease Buy Backs
Transcripts – Lease Buy Backs
Info Graphic – Lease Buy Backs
Managing Your Mortgage
Mortgage Basics
Mortgage Debt Elimination, 3 Things You Must Know
Quick Guide to Loan Modification
Transcript – Quick Guide to Loan Modification
Info Graphic – Quick Guide to Loan Modification
Real Estate Laws
Refinancing
Renting vs Owning
Interesting Money Articles
12 Amazing Facts about Credit Card Debt
12 More Interesting Facts About Money – Part 2
24 Amazing Pictures of Money
Introduction To Budgeting
7 Steps to Successful Budgeting
All You Need to Know About Budget Basics
Basics of Personal Budgeting
Budgeting – How Much?
Debt Management and Prevention Using a Budget
How to Pay Off Debt – Start Budgeting
Maintaining and Budget Planning
Manage Your Debt by Learning How to Budget
The Basics of Budgeting
Transcript – The Basics Of Budgeting
Info Graphic – The Basics of Budgeting
The Importance of a Household Budget
Managing Debt
1 in 10 Having Wages Garnished
Advanced Fees For Unsecured Loans
Info Graphic – Advanced Fees For Unsecured Loans
Transcript – Advanced Fees For Unsecured Loans
Debt Relief The Issue of Forgiveness
Get Out of Debt by Changing Your Financial Habits
Personal Finance Management to Reduce Debt
Start Early Teaching Kids Money Management and Savings
Saving Money
Banking & Credit
Energy Saving Tips
Info Graphic – Energy Saving Tips
Transcripts – Energy Saving Tips
Enjoy the Holidays Without Breaking the Bank
Info Graphic – Enjoy the Holidays Without Breaking the Bank
Transcript – Enjoy the Holidays Without Breaking the Bank
How 'Charge Offs' Effect You
Insurance & Housing
Money Management Means Setting Goals
PREPARING YOUR BUDGET FOR A WORSE CASE SCENARIO
Save Money When going to work
Spendaholic
Transportation Savings
Utilities and Savings
What Debt Should You Pay First?
Young Couple Finances
Student Loan Debt
Student Loan Default
Penalties
Consolidate Student Loans
Student Aid
Student Loan Tips for Recent Graduates
Student Loans and the Credit Squeeze
Types Of Debts
Auto Loan Prepayment Penalties
Balance Transfers
Credit Card Minimum Payments
Gambling Debt
Problem Gambling and Bankruptcy Connection
Holiday Credit Card Debt
Ideas To Save
Inherited Debts?
Six Easily Avoidable Causes of Debt
Ways to Pay Off Holiday Debts
Video Library
Personal Finance Video library
Tax Tips Video library
Free Consultation
First Name
Latest Headlines
Ever see those commercials?April 1, 2019Ever see those commercials where the person wants to buy a house or a car so they keep checking their credit score like it’s going …Read More »Interest Rates on Loans and Credit CardsJanuary 28, 2019What is interest? Interest is the amount that is paid back in addition to the amount you borrowed when you take out a loan. Basically, interest …Read More »Credit Scores Across AmericaJuly 13, 2018Originally posted on CNBC on June 22, 2018 by Megan Leonhardt | @Megan_Leonhardt If they weren’t so nice, Minnesota residents could boast about having America’s …Read More »How I Took My Credit Score From A 540 To 730June 26, 2018For many people, personal debt, especially when they get in over their heads is overwhelming and often times suffer in silence. Lynn, one of our …Read More »How Can I Start Building My CreditJune 12, 2018How can I start building my Credit? June 12, 2018 At a young age, one of the most overlooked topics is credit. Most people in …Read More »
Latest Infographics
Most Popular Articles
The Importance of a Household Budget
A proper household budget is extremely important in our lives and its absence could lead to many financial problems.
Why a household budget is important
A well-made, proper household budget has a great impact on our financial lives. If we do not ...
posted on June 16, 2014
24 Amazing Pictures of Money
Money makes the world go around. It also makes for some truly amazing pictures. Photo credits are given by number at the bottom of the page.
1. World's Largest Gold Bar
The Mitsubishi Materials Corporation of Japan poured the World's largest Gold ...
posted on June 2, 2014
Debt Consolidation
Delray Credit Counseling offers Debt Consolidation Services or Debt Management Plans (DMP). This is a program offered by most banks and finance companies through non-profit Consumer Credit Counseling Agencies
Facts on Debt Management Plans;
Debt consolidation services are for Credit Cards, Medical ...
posted on August 23, 2014
12 Amazing Facts about Credit Card Debt
Who says debt is a boring topic to read about? It shouldn’t be considering how many Americans are in debt. The growing trend in personal debt is staggering. So gathered below are 12 interesting facts and statistics about debt and ...
posted on June 2, 2014
Debt Consolidation Explained – What Happens if You Don’t Pay?
Creditors can't throw you in jail just because you can't pay some of your bills. Depending on the circumstances, though, they can turn over your account to collections, sue you, garnishee your wages ...
posted on June 18, 2014
Delray Credit Counseling is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Delray Credit Counseling Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Delray Credit Counseling website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Delray Credit Counseling collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Delray Credit Counseling also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Delray Credit Counseling. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Delray Credit Counseling for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Delray Credit Counseling Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Delray Credit Counseling public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Delray Credit Counseling does not read any of your private online communications.
Delray Credit Counseling encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Delray Credit Counseling so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Delray Credit Counseling is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Delray Credit Counseling and Delray Credit Counseling family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Delray Credit Counseling collects and uses your personal information to operate the Delray Credit Counseling Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Delray Credit Counseling also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Delray Credit Counseling and its affiliates. Delray Credit Counseling may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Delray Credit Counseling does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Delray Credit Counseling may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Delray Credit Counseling may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Delray Credit Counseling, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Delray Credit Counseling does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Delray Credit Counseling keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Delray Credit Counseling, in order to determine what Delray Credit Counseling services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Delray Credit Counseling to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Delray Credit Counseling Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Delray Credit Counseling or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Delray Credit Counseling; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Delray Credit Counseling, or the public.
Text Messaging
By providing your cell number to us, you will receive alerts, news, special offers and other content from DCC directly to your mobile phone. This service is completely voluntary, and messages will only be sent to customers who have asked to receive them. You acknowledge that you are authorized to receive text messages at the number you provide. Standard text messaging charges apply. Please consult the applicable wireless service agreement for your individual pricing plan. The frequency of message blasts will be at the sole discretion of DCC but will not exceed 4 per month. Text message blasts are sent between 9 AM and 5 PM. You may opt-out by replying “STOP” to any of the previous messages you received from us. DCC is not responsible for lost or deleted messages.
Use of Cookies
The Delray Credit Counseling Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Delray Credit Counseling pages, or register with Delray Credit Counseling site or services, a cookie helps Delray Credit Counseling to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Delray Credit Counseling Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Delray Credit Counseling features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Delray Credit Counseling services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Delray Credit Counseling secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Delray Credit Counseling secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Delray Credit Counseling will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Delray Credit Counseling encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Delray Credit Counseling is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Delray Credit Counseling welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Delray Credit Counseling has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Delray Credit Counseling at cs@delraycc.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.