http://www.gopresto.com/content/s/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
At National Presto Industries, Inc., we are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains the way we use information that is provided to us by you and by others, including via https://www.gopresto.com/ (“Website”) and when purchasing or inquiring about our products and services (“Services”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we use and treat information we collect in the process of providing our Services. If you do not agree with our policies and practices as outlined in this Privacy Policy, your recourse is to not to use our Website or Services including by not providing any information to us via in-person, email, phone, fax, or our Website. By using our Website or using our Services, including providing us information about yourself, including to allow you to complete purchases, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, which may change from time to time.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect/receive both information that is directly provided to us, such as personal information you provide when you visit our Website, create an account, order a product or contact us, and information that is passively or automatically collected from you, such as anonymous information collected from your browser or device. In this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise more narrowly defined, we refer to all of this as the “Information.”
Information You Provide To Us
When you use or seek to use our Services or purchase our products, including our Website, we collect from you various forms of information, which may include your name, email, phone number, mailing, address, country, the contents of your message inquiry, payment information including expiration date, and shipping information.
Information Third Parties Provide To Us
When you purchase a product from us through one of our resellers, which would include regional and national retail chains that operate physical and online locations, they collect information about what product you are purchasing, and your contact and shipping information so that we know what product(s) to ship to you and to where.
Information We Collect Automatically and Our Policy Regarding Cookies
As you navigate through and interact via our Website, we use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, usage patterns, including: network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer); operating system you are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS); your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Verizon or AT&T) and domains used by such providers, mobile network, device identifiers (such as an Apple IDFA or an Android Advertising ID); device settings; browser settings; the web pages of the Services you have visited; websites visited before and after you visit our Website; the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the Website (e.g., iOS, Android); location information; and the content and advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on.
The Information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include Personal Information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service.
This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the Website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States and elsewhere. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to Site activity and Internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Site.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject any cookies. You may also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it.
Most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. The “Options” or “Preferences” menu of most browsers detail how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. Your browser’s settings may also allow you to disable or delete similar technologies and data used by browser add-ons (such as Flash cookies), for instance by changing the add-on’s settings or clearing browser storage. Browser manufacturers provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products. Please see below for more information:
•           Google Chrome
•           Internet Explorer
•           Mozilla Firefox
•           Safari (Desktop)
•           Safari (Mobile)
•           Android Browser
•           Opera
•           Opera Mobile
•           Cloudflare
For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides. If you only want to limit third party advertising cookies, you can turn off most of these cookies by visiting the following links (but be aware that not all of the companies listed on these sites drop cookies via our Services):
Your Online Choices
Network Advertising Initiative
Digital Advertising Alliance
For Google Analytics, you can opt-out through Google Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means (e.g. the NAI’s consumer opt-out listed above). Google also provides a Google Analytics opt-out plug-in for the web.
Please note that even if you opt-out and limit cookies or these third party tracking technologies, they may still collect data and you may still see ads, but they will not be targeted based on information collected through these technologies.
These websites provide tools that identify member companies that have cookies on your browser and provides mechanisms to opt-out of those cookies. You will still receive other types of advertising from participating companies; however, it will not be based on your interests. Deleting browser cookies can remove your opt-out preferences, so you should use these tools periodically to ensure that your preferences are up-to-date.
How We Use Your Information
We may use your information to: deliver our products and Services to you; to communicate and correspond to your regarding produces or services your ordered or inquired about; to notify you about any changes to our products or Services; to process payments for our products or services; to help better provide you a personalized shopping experience; to respond to your requests or questions; to troubleshoot problems or issues with our products or Services; to send you transactional communications (e.g., we might send you emails about your purchase, about Services we provide to you, this policy or our Website); for security purposes; to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraud, security breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities and/or attempts to harm our users; to monitor and improve the information security of our Website; to comply with governmental regulations or to respond to a subpoena or other governmental, court, administrative order/requirements; to hire, train, and manage our staff; to support the functions of our human resource management, including the     coordination of third-party vendors that provide insurance and personal financial services such as retirement planning and savings and investment accounts; to carry on our business and serve our customers as described above; for other purposes with your consent; to enforce our this Privacy Policy, or other policies, and to monitor for violations of our policies or applicable laws; or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, permitted by law, or as we may notify you.
The collection and use of personal information shall be limited to that which is necessary for the purposes identified above.
We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to any person or organization and have not in the preceding 12 months.
Data Security
We have put in place in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to use correctly the information we collect online. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store. We limit access to our users’ personal data to only those employees and third parties who reasonably need access to it to perform the activities attached to their job responsibilities. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website. You may view our security certificate by clicking on the “GODADDY.COM® Verified and Secured” emblem found on each page.
How Long We Retain Your Information
We generally retain your information as reasonably necessary to provide you the Services or to comply with the law.
However, even after you deactivate your account, we can retain copies of information about you and any transactions or Services in which you may have participated for a period of time that is consistent with applicable law, applicable statute of limitations or as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, to detect or prevent fraud, to collect fees owed, to resolve disputes, to address problems with our Services, to assist with investigations, to enforce our Terms of Service or other applicable agreements or policies, or to take any other actions consistent with applicable law.
California Privacy Rights
Shine the Light
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal Information that we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: National Presto Industries, Inc. Consumer Service Department, 3925 North Hastings Way, Eau Claire, WI 54703-3703 or via email to gopresto.com/contact. We will respond to one request per California customer each year, and we do not respond to requests made by means other than as set forth above.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time, we do not respond to Web browser “do not track” settings or signals. We deploy cookies and other technologies on our Service to collect information about you and your browsing activity, even if you have turned on the Do Not Track signal.
California Consumer Privacy Act
This portion of the Privacy Policy applies solely to California Consumers as (“consumers” or “you”). We have adopted this Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.  The purpose of this Notice is to provide you with a description of our online and offline practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and sale of personal information and of the rights you have regarding your personal information. As used in this Notice, any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Shine the Light
Pursuant to Section 1798.83-.84 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, what types of personal information, if any, the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information in the immediately preceding calendar year. To access this information, please contact us by emailing privacy@gopresto.com with CA Privacy Requests in the subject line. Please note that, under the law, we are not required to respond to your request more than once in a calendar year, nor are we required to respond to any requests that are not sent to the above-designated email.
California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)
Your Right to Know About the Personal Information We Collect About You
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”), and we collected such information from the following sources:
Directly from you when you use or Services, including our Website.
Automatically through our Website or Services via automatic data collection technologies.
In particular, we collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months as follows:
Category
Specific Pieces of Information
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
We collected this information from you directly and indirectly, automatically through our Website and Services.
We collect this information to provide the Services you request; deliver our products and Services to you; to communicate and correspond to you regarding products or services ordered or inquired about; to process payments for our products or Services; to help better provide you a personalized shopping experience; to respond to your requests or questions; to troubleshoot problems or issues with our products or Services; to send you transactional communications (e.g., we might send you emails about your purchase, about Services we provide to you, this Privacy Policy or our Website); for security purposes; to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraud, security breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities and/or attempts to harm our users; to monitor and improve the information security of our Website; to comply with governmental regulations or to respond to a subpoena or other governmental, court, administrative order/requirements; to hire, train, and manage our staff; to support the functions of our human resource management, including the            coordination of third-party vendors that ship our products, process payment information, etc.; for billing purposes; to carry on our business and serve our customers as described above; for other purposes with your consent; to enforce our this Privacy Policy, or other policies, and to monitor for violations of our policies or applicable laws; or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, permitted by law, or as we may notify you.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, address, telephone number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
We collected this information from you directly and indirectly, automatically through our Website and Services.
We collect this information to provide the Services you request; deliver our products and Services to you; to communicate and correspond to you regarding products or services ordered or inquired about; to process payments for our products or Services; to help better provide you a personalized shopping experience; to respond to your requests or questions; to troubleshoot problems or issues with our products or Services; to send you transactional communications (e.g., we might send you emails about your purchase, about Services we provide to you, this Privacy Policy or our Website); for security purposes; to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraud, security breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities and/or attempts to harm our users; to monitor and improve the information security of our Website; to comply with governmental regulations or to respond to a subpoena or other governmental, court, administrative order/requirements; to hire, train, and manage our staff; to support the functions of our human resource management, including the            coordination of third-party vendors that ship our products, process payment information, etc.; for billing purposes; to carry on our business and serve our customers as described above; for other purposes with your consent; to enforce our this Privacy Policy, or other policies, and to monitor for violations of our policies or applicable laws; or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, permitted by law, or as we may notify you.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), marital status, sex (including gender, gender identity)
We collected this information from you directly and indirectly, automatically through our Website and Services.
We collect this information to generate marketing reports to determine the type of people buying our products so that we can better market to those individuals and demographics at issue.
Commercial information.
Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
We collected this information from you directly and indirectly, automatically through our Website and Services.
We collect this information to provide the Services you request; deliver our products and Services to you; to communicate and correspond to you regarding products or services ordered or inquired about; to process payments for our products or Services; to help better provide you a personalized shopping experience; to respond to your requests or questions; to troubleshoot problems or issues with our products or Services; to send you transactional communications (e.g., we might send you emails about your purchase, about Services we provide to you, this Privacy Policy or our Website); for security purposes; to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraud, security breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities and/or attempts to harm our users; to monitor and improve the information security of our Website; to comply with governmental regulations or to respond to a subpoena or other governmental, court, administrative order/requirements; to hire, train, and manage our staff; to support the functions of our human resource management, including the            coordination of third-party vendors that ship our products, process payment information, etc.; for billing purposes; to carry on our business and serve our customers as described above; for other purposes with your consent; to enforce our this Privacy Policy, or other policies, and to monitor for violations of our policies or applicable laws; or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, permitted by law, or as we may notify you.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Domain server, operating systems, type of Web browser; pages visited; information on a consumer's interaction with a Website, application, or advertisement.
Website.
We collected this information to provide Services you request; improve our products and Services; improve our Website or Services, mobile applications; track you use of out Website and Services; create and update customer profiles, internal and external market research and analytics; protect or rights or property, general statistics studies, security and safety; respond to your inquires; security and safety; response to your inquires; to improve our website and present its contents to you; for testing, research, analysis and product development; estimate our audience size and usage patterns; to learn what information is of most and least interest; to speed up your searches.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We collected this information from you directly and indirectly, automatically through our Website and Services.
We collect this information to provide the Services you request; deliver our products and Services to you; to communicate and correspond to you regarding products or services ordered or inquired about; to process payments for our products or Services; to help better provide you a personalized shopping experience; to respond to your requests or questions; to troubleshoot problems or issues with our products or Services; to send you transactional communications (e.g., we might send you emails about your purchase, about Services we provide to you, this Privacy Policy or our Website); for security purposes; to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraud, security breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities and/or attempts to harm our users; to monitor and improve the information security of our Website; to comply with governmental regulations or to respond to a subpoena or other governmental, court, administrative order/requirements; to hire, train, and manage our staff; to support the functions of our human resource management, including the            coordination of third-party vendors that ship our products, process payment information, etc.; for billing purposes; to carry on our business and serve our customers as described above; for other purposes with your consent; to enforce our this Privacy Policy, or other policies, and to monitor for violations of our policies or applicable laws; or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, permitted by law, or as we may notify you.
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To provide you with email alerts, and other notices concerning our products or services or news, that may be of interest to you.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, counting ad impression to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with the CCPA.
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for the activity; debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Short-term, transient use (of which the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about you or otherwise alter your experience outside the current interaction, including the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction).
Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on our behalf of on behalf of a service provider.
Understanding internal research for technological development and demonstration; undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party or a service provider for a business purpose.  When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Identifiers.
California Customer Records personal information categories.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Third party shipping entities;
Third party web development providers;
Governmental bodies (e.g., in response to subpoenas or regulator requests); and
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any Personal Information.
Your Rights and Choices
Under California Laws, California residents can exercise three privacy rights (Disclosure and Access; Deletion; and “Do Not Sell My Personal Information”), which are described in more detail below (collectively, “Rights”). These Rights are not absolute and are subject to certain exceptions. For instance, we cannot disclose or permit access to specific pieces of personal information if the disclosure or access would present a certain level of risk to the security of the personal information, your account with us or the security of the business’s systems of networks. If you are a California consumer, we will process your request to exercise your Rights in accordance with California Laws.
A record concerning the requests may be maintained pursuant to our legal obligations. Further, we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on a request if such request is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded.
Disclosure and Access Requests
You have the right to request that we disclose to you, for the 12-month period immediately preceding the date of your request to know the following:
Categories of Personal Information Request
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Specific Pieces of Information Request
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
When a request for disclosure is made, we will first take steps to verify your identity to protect your privacy and security. For requests to disclose categories of personal information collected, we will have the requestor provide at least two pieces of information so that we may verify the requestor’s identity to a reasonable degree of certainty. For requests to disclose specific pieces of personal information collected, we will have the requestor provider at least three pieces of information so that we may verify the requestor’s identity to a reasonably high degree of certainty and additionally provide a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that the requestor is the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. We are required to retain the signed declarations as part of our record-keeping obligations for 24 months.
Please note that we will never disclose a consumer’s social security number, driver’s license number, or other government-issued identification number, financial account number, any health information or medical identification number, an account password, or security questions and answers in response to a disclosure request.
Please note additionally that we are only required to fulfil a Disclosure request from a consumer twice per every 12-month period. If you submit a request in excess, it may be denied or you may be charged for fulfilling your request.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Given the type of personal information we collect, for requests to delete personal information collected, we will have the requestor provide at least three pieces of information so that we may verify the requestor’s identity to a reasonably high degree of certainty. We are required to retain the requests to delete for a period of 12 months as part of our record-keeping obligations.
If we are unable to verify a request, to the extent possible, that request will be treated as a request to opt-out and afforded rights associated with that request right as described in more detail below.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. A deletion request may be denied, in full or in part, if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Disclosure and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Emailing us at
Visit us at [insert weblink]
Only you may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.  If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account.  If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.  Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For data disclosure requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Requests to Opt-In for Minors
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us not to sell your personal information at any time. We do not and will not sell personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age unless we received affirmative authorization from the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age, to opt-in to the sale of their personal information. Upon the receipt of this request to opt-in, we will inform the minor of the right to opt-out later and of the process for doing so.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Nevada Privacy Rights
As of October 1, 2019, if you are a Nevada resident, you may opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information. To do so, please contact us at 1-800-877-0441 or via email privacy@gopresto.com and title the subject of your email “Nevada Privacy Rights Opt-Out Request”. In response, we will request information from you to verify your identity. We will respond to your request, once verified, within 60 calendar days (with a possible 30 day extension upon notice to you).
ALSO OF INTERESTPowercrisp Microwave Bacon CookerCanning FruitsBoiling Method