http://www.cnmi-guide.com/contact/terms-of-use/
Menu
Home
Sitemap
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
The CNMI Guide
Menu
CNMI Info
History
Saipan Virtual Tour
Island Photo Gallery
Business Directory
Browse: Home » Contact » Terms Of Use
Terms Of Use
The CNMI Guide owns and operates this website. We are committed to the privacy and security of our visitors' information. The following is a statement of our privacy practices:
Information Collected
Your personal information is not required to visit http://www.cnmi-guide.com
Any personal information collected is knowingly provided by you and only when requested/required during account registration for interactive participation on http://www.cnmi-guide.com and during the ordering process
Traffic Data
Your IP address is a numeric address assigned to your computer, assigned by your Internet service provider. We automatically collect your IP address as traffic data so that we can send information back to you when requested. This is not used to identify your personal information.
Referrers are references to the web address you linked from and is automatically passed along by your web browser. We collect referrers your browser sends as part of traffic data. This is not attached to personally identifiable information.
System information such as your operating system/platform, and the type of web browser you use. This is not attached to personally identifiable information.
Information Use
Account Information
Your information is maintained on a secure web server in what we believe to be a well protected environment.
The CNMI Guide only shares personal information to billing companies for completing transactions and for no other purpose. No other information is shared with any other third-party company for any purpose, under any circumstance.
The CNMI Guide makes every effort to preserve your privacy, personal information may be disclosed when required by law where we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process.
Cookies
http://www.cnmi-guide.com relies on "cookie" technology to allow you to re-access your registered account profile during a web session. This mechanism is employed solely for your convenience and for no other purpose.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, The CNMI Guide, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
This web site takes every precaution to protect our visitor's information. When visitors submit sensitive information via the web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
We do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our customers' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, in a locked facility.
If visitors have any questions about the security on http://www.cnmi-guide.com, feel free to contact Customer Service.
Correcting, Updating, Deleting & Deactivating Personal Information
If a visitor's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a visitor no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate personally identifiable information. This can usually be done at the ‘Your Account' page or by contacting our Customer Service.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our visitors are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If, however, we are going to use visitors' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our web site for 30 days.
Published by hafaadai
Page Treeshow/hide page tree
Expand all | Collapse all
Join My Free Newsletter Signup for a roundup of the day top news sent every morning
Latest Listings
Back to top
Search
View Larger Map
Latest ListingsAuthorshafaadai
Copyright © 2020 The CNMI Guide.
Powered by WordPress, Supreme, and TechNews.