https://www.alliantenergy.com/terms
Skip to content
1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268)
Report Emergency
Pay Bill
Outages
Start Stop Service
1-800-ALLIANT(1-800-255-4268)
Last Updated: January 20, 2020
Please read these Alliant Energy Website Terms of Use (“Terms of Use” or “Terms”) carefully. By accessing or using the Site (which includes My Account and is defined below), you agree to be bound by these terms of use and all terms incorporated by reference.
These Terms of Use, which include any policy or guideline incorporated herein, apply to your access to, and use of, any website of Alliant Energy Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Alliant Energy,” “we,” or “us”), including www.alliantenergy.com, www.alliantenergykids.com, www.travero.com, www.alliantenergyretirees.com, alliantenergy.auctionanything.com, any other Alliant Energy websites, and My Account (collectively, the “Site”). These Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Alliant Energy for products, services, or otherwise. If you are using the Site on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to accept these Terms on such entity’s behalf, and that such entity agrees to be responsible to us if you violate these Terms.
Alliant Energy reserves the right to revise and update these Terms at any time and in its sole discretion.
If we make changes to these Terms, we will notify you by revising the date above and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to our Sites or by sending you a notification). Your continued use of the Site and the services described will confirm your acceptance of the revised Terms. We encourage you to frequently review the Terms to ensure you understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Site and the services described. If you do not agree to these Terms or if you do not agree with them as amended, you must stop using the Site and contact Alliant Energy at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268) as soon as possible.
My Account
Activating Your My Account
Activating Your My Account
You must first request to start your service before you can activate My Account.
To activate, you must provide your Alliant Energy account number, the last four digits of your Social Security Number (or Employer Identification Number for commercial customers), and a valid email address. Once you provide your email address, you may not opt out of receiving emails regarding billing or outage information.
It is your responsibility to provide true and accurate online account information and to update your information immediately upon any changes to the information. Alliant Energy is not responsible and shall have no liability for any processing errors or fees incurred if you do not provide accurate account or contact information. Your activation in My Account online service may not be fulfilled if we cannot verify your identity or other necessary information.
You may cancel My Account by contacting us at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268). Alliant Energy reserves the right to cancel My Account usage without notice and in its sole discretion for inappropriate use, including fraudulent activity on the online service, or for any other safety, security, or operational concern. Your obligation to pay your Alliant Energy bill by the due date is not altered or modified in any way by any cancelling the My Account service.
Guest Access
You may provide a 3rd party with varying levels of account rights via My Account or by contacting us.
By granting guest read-only access to your online account, you are providing the guest user authority to: view bill and payment history, view usage, and enroll in account notifications.
By granting guest full access to your online account, you are providing the guest user authority to: view bill and payment history, pay bill, view and edit financial information, start/stop/move service, change contact information, and enroll in account notifications. They are also able to enroll in budget billing, automatic payment, payment arrangement, and payment extension if the account is eligible.
The account holder is responsible for all charges incurred as a result of guest access. You may revoke this access at any time.
If you are accessing My Account on behalf of the account holder, you agree to be fully responsible for, and indemnify Alliant Energy against, any and all losses, claims, liabilities, damages, and expenses (including, without limitation, legal fees and costs) associated with your use regardless of negligence or fault.
The owner can change or revoke a guest’s access to the online account at any time.
A guest can have their guest access removed by either contacting the owner to request them to revoke it or by submitting a “Remove Access Form” in the Contact Us section of My Account.
Password Policy
Use of My Account requires both a personal User ID and a password, which you will select. Anyone with knowledge of both a customer's User ID and password can gain access to your online account and the information that is available regarding your account. You are solely responsible for the confidentiality and use of your User ID and password and for the transactions authorized through My Account using your password. It is your responsibility to change your User ID and/or password if you believe your User ID and/or password have been lost, stolen or misused. In addition, as a condition of use, you must immediately contact us at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268) if you believe your password has been lost or stolen. Alliant Energy reserves the right to reset any passwords that may have been lost or stolen.
System Availability
Your online account is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, with the exception of time required for periodic system maintenance.
Alliant Energy is not responsible for any electronic data transmission disruption, interference, or errors resulting from a cause over which it does not have direct control, including, but not limited to, failure of electronic or mechanical equipment or communication lines, telephone or other interconnection problems, computer viruses, unauthorized access, password misuse, or misappropriation or user errors.
Payment Programs
Paperless Billing
Paperless Billing
If you choose to use the Paperless Billing service, you authorize Alliant Energy to deliver your bills to you electronically. You will not receive a separate paper bill. A notification that your monthly bill is available will be sent to your email address. Alliant Energy charges no fees for the Paperless Billing service. Some types of bills and accounts are currently not eligible for Paperless Billing and, if applicable, those bills will be sent via U.S. mail.
Please be sure to review the Email Notifications section of these Terms.
If you receive a utility, products and services, or non-utility bill, they may be delivered separately. Because they are separate bills, they must be paid separately, even if payments are sent to the same place.
If you have any questions or comments regarding your bill or your gas or electric service, please contact us.
In the event you wish to cancel the Paperless Billing service, you may do so via My Account or by contacting us at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268).
Alliant Energy reserves the right to cancel the Paperless Billing service to you at any time without notice and in its sole discretion for continued violations or inappropriate use, including fraudulent activity on the online service. Neither termination nor discontinuation shall affect your liability or obligations arising prior to or as a result of such termination or discontinuation.
Budget Billing
You may set up Budget Billing via My Account or by contacting Alliant Energy at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268).
By enrolling in Budget Billing you affirm that:
You are required to pay your Budget Billing amount in full every month, or you may be removed from the Budget Billing program.
The monthly budget amount may differ if the billing period is shorter than 25 days or longer than 35 days.
Payments made in excess of the monthly Budget Billing amount will be applied to future monthly statements.
Monthly budget amounts will be reviewed every six months. Adjustments may be made if the calculated new monthly bill payment changes by plus or minus 10% from the current monthly budget payment.
If you unenroll from Budget Billing, the remaining balance will be due when you cancel your enrollment.
If you move within Alliant Energy’s service area, you will need to unenroll from Budget Billing and pay the remaining balance (if applicable) for your energy usage at that location. After you start service at your new location, you can enroll again in Budget Billing. You will have a new Budget Billing monthly amount at that time.
Payment Arrangement
You may set up a Payment Arrangement via My Account or by contacting Alliant Energy at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268). A Payment Arrangement is an arrangement to pay a schedule of fees of a period of time.
Payments must post by the due date to keep your account in good standing.
A default in this Arrangement could result in removal of your Payment Arrangement, interruption and/or termination of service, and/or referral to a collection agency or a credit rating agency. You can pay the remaining balance before the term limits of the payment arrangement ends.
As a part of this Arrangement, you acknowledge that:
The terms of this Arrangement require that you pay all future bills for utility service by the due date,
You must make all payment arrangements to Alliant Energy as arranged in this Arrangement,
You have been offered the opportunity to spread payments out over the eligible period, and
If you default on these payments, Alliant Energy may interrupt service upon proper notification.
In addition, state laws require us to notify you of the following rights:
In Wisconsin, if you do not agree with this Arrangement, contact Alliant Energy immediately.
If you and Alliant cannot agree on terms, you can ask the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to review the disputed issues.
In Iowa, unless we are notified within 10 (ten) days of your acceptance below of any objections to this Arrangement, this Arrangement will be deemed accepted by you per the terms of the Arrangement. Default of this Arrangement may result in interruption of services and/or late payment fees.
Payment Extension
You may set up a Payment Extension via My Account or by contacting Alliant Energy at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268).
A Payment Extension gives you the option of extending your current bill due date up to 30 days.
As a part of the Extension, you acknowledge that:
The terms of this Extension require you to pay the amount identified by the due date described in the Extension,
You will be charged a late payment fee no greater than 1.5% of the current amount due, which will be added to your next bill.
You will need to request a payment extension before the bill is due. You aren’t able to have a payment extension of a past due bill.
Extending your current bill due date does not extend your next bill due date.
You will need to pay both the extended amount and next bill amount on the dates they are due,
Defaulting on this payment extension (or any payment) may cause an interruption and/or termination of your service and you could be referred to a collection agency and/or a credit rating agency.
Alliant Energy Service
Starting Service
Starting Service
If you would like to start service, the following terms shall apply:
If your requested start date is not a business day, your service start date may be pushed to the first business day after the date you requested.
Your start service request should be received at least one business day before the date you want service to be started.
Inaccurate or incomplete data submitted may result in services not starting on the requested date.
Pets must be restrained during the time of meter start service.
If the gas meter needs to be turned on, someone over 18 years of age must be at the service location. If that is not possible, then Alliant must be granted access to the meter location and inside the home.
All customers starting service who have not had service in the last 12 months will be mailed or emailed a Welcome Book, which contains emergency and safety information.
Once service is started, you are responsible for all charges that are billed while services are in your name.
If you move, you must initiate a stop service request.
Once you receive an Alliant Energy account number, you may Activate Your My Account.
If you choose not to use My Account, you may contact us at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268) for account management.
Stopping/Moving Service
You may request a stop to your service(s) via My Account or by contacting Alliant Energy at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268).
If you would like to discontinue service, the following terms shall apply:
You may need to be at the property at the time of the final meter reading if meters are not easily accessible (e.g., located in the basement). Please contact us if you need to make arrangements.
Pets must be restrained during the time of the final meter reading.
Incomplete or invalid data submitted may result in services not stopping on the requested date.
Your request to stop service should be received at least one business day before the date you want service to be stopped. If your requested turn-off date is not a business day, service termination may be pushed to the first business day after the date you requested.
Until Alliant Energy receives proper notice, Customer maintains all the responsibilities, obligations or other liabilities with respect to the account and final bill. For example, if you move without telling us, you must continue to pay Alliant Energy for utility service provided at the service site, even if you did not personally receive it.
Final Billing
After your service is stopped, you will be billed through the date your service was stopped in accordance and compliance with the notice provisions set forth.
The actual account balance will be due on the due date of the final bill.
The final bill for customers enrolled in budget billing may be more or less than the current budget amount.
The final bill will be mailed and will also be available online. If you are a Paperless Billing customer, your final bill will not be mailed and instead you will receive notification of your final bill via email.
Physical Disconnection of Meters
When a stop service order is requested, a physical disconnection of the meter(s) may occur depending on a variety of factors. If you have questions whether a physical disconnect is applicable or available to your meter, please contact Alliant Energy at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268).
If a physical disconnect of your meter is requested or required, the following terms shall apply:
Your property must be winterized (water turned off at main supply point and water drained from pipes) prior to the meter being disconnected.
Alliant Energy is not liable for any claims, actions, demands, losses, findings, causes of action, penalties, determinations, fines or other damages of any kind whatsoever, to persons or property, directly or indirectly caused by or related to the property not having utility service.
If you request to have service restarted at this address in the future, you may encounter a fee(s) for each meter to reconnect your service.
If the property is a rental property, the following additional terms shall further apply:
Tenants who would like to start or stop service may do so via My Account or by contacting Alliant Energy at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268).
The landlord of rental property may be notified of your request to stop service.
Ways You Can Pay
Online Payment Options
By requesting an online payment, you affirm that:
You have read, understand, and accept these Terms of Use,
You are authorized to make payments for this account(s),
You have provided true and accurate online account information,
You will update information immediately upon any changes to the information,
You understand Alliant Energy is not responsible and shall have no liability for any processing errors or fees incurred if you do not provide accurate account or contact information, and
You understand that this payment may not be fulfilled if Alliant Energy cannot verify your identity or other necessary information.
Credit Card Limits
If you pay with a credit card, the following limits apply. If your bill is over that limit, then you need to make multiple payments.
Residential customers: $4,000 per transaction and/or per month
Commercial customers: $10,000 per transaction and/or per month
One-time Online Bill Payments
You may make one-time Online Bill Payments via My Account or on the Alliant Energy website.
If you choose to make one-time online bill payments, you will need to provide information regarding your preferred payment method and account. We will use information collected from you only as necessary to assist in processing payments according to your directions and these Terms.
Once you schedule a payment, it may not be possible to cancel it and it may be subject to return payment fee(s) if you try to cancel. Contact your financial institution if you identify concerns with your payment account. If you have questions about scheduling a payment, a scheduled payment or cancelling a payment, contact us at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268).
Automatic Payment
You can set up Automatic Payment via My Account or by contacting Alliant Energy at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268).
By using the Automatic Payment service, you agree to the following:
You certify that you are the owner of the account and are authorized to allow automatic payments to be made by your account. You hereby authorize and request Alliant Energy Corporate Services, Inc. (“Alliant Energy”), as agent for Interstate Power and Light Company and Wisconsin Power and Light Company, to effect payment for goods and services rendered at the address specified in your Automatic Payment enrollment section by initiating debit entries to your account in the financial institution named in your Automatic Payment enrollment section (hereinafter called “Financial Institution”). These debit entries are to be initiated by Alliant Energy periodically as such amounts become due without any further authorization from you. If necessary, Alliant Energy may process your payment on the next available banking day or, if rejected, may make additional attempt(s) to charge your account.
You authorize and request Financial Institution to accept any debit entries initiated by Alliant Energy to such account and to debit the same to such account without responsibility for the correctness thereof. You acknowledge that credit card payments are handled by one or more third-party processors and agree to be subject to terms applicable to you as the credit card holder. It is understood that the debit entry sent to the Financial Institution may not exceed the amount on your bill, which will be mailed or electronically available to you at least 15 days before the transfer takes place. The transfer will take place on the date shown on the bill.
It is understood that enrollment in Automatic Payment may be terminated by you at any time up to one (1) business day before the scheduled date of payment transfer. Such termination also cancels any scheduled payment(s). Enrollment termination may be made via My Account or by contacting Alliant Energy at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268). Any such notification to Alliant Energy shall be effective only with respect to entries initiated after receipt of such notification. Any such notification to Financial Institution shall be effective only with respect to entries debited to your account by Financial Institution after receipt of such notification.
It is understood that if your current bill is due less than two (2) days from the day you enroll in automatic payment, you will need to make an additional manual payment of the current amount. Automatic payments start after that.
It is also understood that you agree to be bound by the Operating Rules and Guidelines of the National Automated Clearing House Association and shall have the rights and obligations set forth herein and therein with respect to all entries initiated by Alliant Energy pursuant to these Terms.
Recurring Payment
Recurring Payment is a payment option offered in My Account. You select the fixed amount to be automatically withdrawn from your bank account or charged to your credit card at either a monthly or weekly interval.
By enrolling in Recurring Payment, you affirm that:
You are required to pay your bill amount in full by the bill due date.
If you do not pay your bill amount in full by the due date, you will receive a late payment fee and could be subject for disconnection.
If you do not pay your bill amount in full by the due date and you are on Budget Billing, you will be removed from Budget Billing.
If you do not pay your bill amount in full by the due date and you are on a Payment Arrangement, your Payment Arrangement will be canceled, your total account balance will become due immediately, and you could be subject for disconnection.
Selecting a Payment Date
A bill payment is considered "processed" on the business day that you selected for payment. We incur no liability if we are unable to complete your payments due to any of the following circumstances:
Your payment account does not contain sufficient funds to complete the transaction or the transaction would exceed the credit limit of your overdraft account.
The bill payment processing center is not working properly, and you know or have been advised by us about the malfunction and alternate means of paying your bill before you execute the transaction.
Circumstances beyond our control (such as, but not limited to, fire, flood or interference from an outside force) prevent the timely execution of the transaction.
Provided none of the foregoing three (3) exceptions are applicable, if we cause an incorrect amount of funds to be removed from your payment account, we are responsible for returning the improperly transferred funds to your payment account.
If we are unable to complete your online payment transaction for any reason associated with your payment account (for example, there are not sufficient funds in your payment account to cover the transaction), the bill will remain due and unpaid. In some instances, you will receive a return notice. In such case, you agree that:
You will pay us the amount of the bill due at that time;
For any amount not paid to us within four (4) days of the initial notification, we may impose a late charge equal to 1.5% monthly interest or the legal maximum, whichever rate is lower, if the laws of the state in which the transaction occurred allow for such a charge;
You may also be assessed return payment fees;
You may be required to reimburse us for any fees imposed on us by your financial institution as a result of the failure to complete the payment transaction;
You may be required to reimburse us for any fees we incur in attempting to collect the amount of the payment; and
We are authorized to report the facts concerning the failure to complete the automatic payment transaction to a credit reporting agency.
Notifications
Once you provide your email address, you may not opt out of receiving emails regarding billing or outage information.
My Account Notifications
My Account offers notifications that allow you to receive important information about your account, such as billing, service outages, service request updates, and high usage alerts.
These notifications are sent from Alliant Energy through text messages, emails, and/or automated voice calls.
Opt-in: visit the Notifications Preferences page in My Account. Check the box(es) for the alert type(s) and way you would like to receive that alert, fill in the necessary information for that alert, and select “Save” to save your updates.
Opt-out: if you no longer want to receive account notifications, you can update your notification preferences by visiting the Notifications Preferences page in My Account. Uncheck the box(es) for the alert type(s) you wish to cancel, and select “Save” to save your updates.
As described in “Activating Your My Account,” you may not opt out of receiving emails regarding billing or outage information.
Email Notifications
You may provide an email address to us so we can send you important information.
If you do not use My Account, please contact us at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268) to receive email notifications regarding billing and service outages.
Delivery of email, regardless of whether you use My Account, may be affected by circumstances beyond the control of Alliant Energy, including but not limited to incorrect email addresses provided by customers, changed email addresses of which Alliant Energy has not been notified, personal and Internet spam filters, size filters, timing of the delivery of emails, unavailability of emails, or other network problems. Alliant Energy assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, missed delivery, or failure of emails due to the foregoing or the failure to store data, failure of personalized settings by customers or email service providers, or any other cause. Customers have the responsibility to make every effort to allow delivery of email sent by Alliant Energy. Alliant Energy has no responsibility for damages or loss due to emails that are not received by customers for any reason. Each customer is responsible for reading and responding in a timely and appropriate manner to emails sent by Alliant Energy.
Text Messaging
If you have registered to receive notification messages on your phone, you agree to promptly notify Alliant Energy of any changes to your phone number, as applicable, and update your account at the Site to reflect this change.
The delivery of the notifications is subject to the terms and conditions of your Internet service provider or mobile carrier. You also agree to the following as it pertains to specific usage of the notification messaging service, in addition to all other terms, agreements, and policies that apply to the other services your receive from Alliant Energy.
You acknowledge that text messages are distributed via third-party mobile network providers and therefore Alliant Energy cannot control certain factors relating to message delivery. Depending on your mobile service provider, it may not be possible to transmit the text message to you successfully. Alliant Energy does not claim or guarantee availability or performance of this service, including liability for transmission delays or message failures, including any lost, late, or incomplete messages.
Message notifications may not be delivered to you if your phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time. Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of your wireless carrier may interfere with message delivery, including your equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. You acknowledge that urgent messages may not be received in a timely manner and that your wireless carrier does not guarantee that messages will be delivered.
Standard text messaging and data rates may apply. Text messaging frequency varies based on customer preferences and the status of your service.
Payment: you may choose to pay your bill by texting “PAY” to 255255 from your mobile device. You will be asked to confirm account information for verification purposes.
If you are not receiving messages from Alliant Energy, please ensure that text messaging is not disabled on your phone. You may also contact Alliant Energy for assistance at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268).
Mobile Application
When you download and install the Alliant Energy mobile application (“Application” or “App”) from the appropriate application store for your mobile device, you may elect to receive push notifications or other types of messages directly sent to you outside or inside the Application (collectively, "Push Messages"). You may control the Push Messages in your device’s or the Application’s settings. Your carrier may charge standard messaging, data and other fees for use of Push Messages, and these fees may appear on your mobile bill or be deducted from your pre-paid balance. Your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain Push Messages and certain Push Messages may be incompatible with your carrier or mobile device. Contact your carrier with questions regarding these issues. You may discontinue Push Messages in your device’s or the Application’s settings or by deleting the Application. We may collect information related to your use of the App.
Voice Call
You acknowledge that phone calls are distributed via third-party telephone network providers (including mobile networks if you are using a mobile phone) and, therefore, Alliant Energy cannot control certain factors relating to call completion. Depending on your service provider, it may not be possible to successfully call you. Wireless and landline carriers are not liable for uncompleted calls. Alliant Energy does not claim or guarantee availability or performance of this service, including liability for call delays or failures, including any lost, late or incomplete calls. Alliant Energy is not liable for any delays in the receipt of a phone call to you, as its delivery is subject to effective transmission from your mobile or landline telephone service provider.
Phone call notifications may not be delivered to you if your phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time. Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of your wireless carrier may interfere with message delivery, including your equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. You acknowledge that urgent calls may not be received in a timely manner and that your wireless carrier does not guarantee that calls will be delivered.
The number of calls will vary per customer.
Phone notifications may not be available on all carriers. Please contact your carrier to confirm participation.
Alliant Energy does not charge a fee for notification service. While we do not charge for this service, we are not responsible for any charges from a person's service provider(s) that may result from our providing this service. It is the user's responsibility to check with their individual carrier(s), as standard messaging and data rates may apply. These would be charged by, and be payable by you to, your phone or internet service provider. Alliant Energy assumes no responsibility for charges incurred by signing up for this notification service. Any text messaging, data, or phone fees that you incur will be billed on your individual mobile provider bill.
Additional Terms
Privacy Policy
Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how Alliant Energy collects, uses and shares personal information from users of the Site, our services, and others.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Alliant Energy, its contractors, service providers and consultants, and their respective directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or related to (a) your use of, or conduct in connection with, the Site; (b) any Submission you provide; (c) your violation of these Terms; or (d) your violation of any rights of another.
Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event shall Alliant Energy, its directors, members, employees, vendors, or agents be liable for any direct, special, indirect, incidental, exemplary, punitive, consequential, or any other damage of any kind, including but not limited to, loss of use, loss of profits or loss of data, whether in an action in contract, tort (including but not limited to negligence) or otherwise, arising out of or in any way connected with the use of or inability to use the Site, including without limitation any damages caused by or resulting from reliance by you on any information obtained from Alliant Energy, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of god, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to Alliant Energy’s records, programs or services. If you become dissatisfied with the Site, or the terms, conditions or policies governing it, your sole remedy is to discontinue using the Site. In no event shall the aggregate liability of Alliant Energy, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence, whether active, passive or imputed), product liability, strict liability or other theory, arising out of or relating to the use of or inability to use the Site or to these Terms exceed one hundred U.S. dollars ($100.00).
The foregoing provisions of this section are for the benefit of Alliant Energy, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, agents, insurers, licensors, and service providers, and each shall have the right to assert and enforce the provisions directly on their own behalf. (Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, limitation of liability in contracts with consumers, or certain damages, so some or all of these limitations may not apply to you.)
Additional Terms continued
Disclaimer
Except as expressly provided to the contrary in a writing by Alliant Energy, the Site is provided on an “as is,” “as available” basis without warranties of any kind, either express, implied, or statutory, or arising from custom or trade. Your use of the Site is at your sole risk.
Alliant Energy disclaims all other warranties, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, accuracy, completeness, title and non-infringement as to the Site, including the information, content and materials contained therein. Alliant Energy does not represent or warrant that the Site is accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. Alliant Energy does not represent or warrant that the Site or its server(s) are free of viruses or other harmful components; therefore, you should use industry-recognized software and best practices to detect and disinfect viruses from any download.
Alliant Energy does not warrant that the operation of the Site will be uninterrupted or error free; that defects will be corrected; or that this website or any server used to operate the Site are free from viruses.
Modifications to the Site
Alliant Energy reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site, which includes My Account, or any features or portions thereof, at any time, for any reason, and without prior notice. You agree that Alliant Energy will not be liable for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Site, or any part thereof.
Electronic Signature
You understand and agree that using confirmation or acceptance buttons (e.g., “Accept,” “Save,” “Confirm,” or “Submit”) throughout the Site, which includes My Account, constitutes an electronic signature that will be treated in all respects as having the same legal effect as an original handwritten signature; that the information you provide is true and accurate; that you have read, understand, accept and agree to these Terms; that you are duly authorized to bind the customer of record to these Terms; and that you authorize (unless and until your account is cancelled) Alliant Energy to provide Site communications and controls for your registered accounts.
Third-Party Content and Advertisements
Alliant Energy may provide third party content on the Site and may provide links to web pages and content of third parties (collectively, the “Third-Party Content”) as a service to those interested in this information. These links may be sponsored.
Alliant Energy does not control, endorse, or adopt any Third-Party Content and makes no representation or warranties of any kind regarding the Third-Party Content, including without limitation regarding its accuracy or completeness. You acknowledge and agree that Alliant Energy makes no claim or representation regarding, and is not responsible or liable in any manner for, any Third-Party Content and undertakes no responsibility to update or review any Third-Party Content. Users use Third-Party Content at their own risk.
If you click on one of these links, you will leave the Site and go to the website of a third party. In addition, if you request certain content appearing on the website, you may be taken to a third party's website that is hosting the content. In some cases, the third party's content may be "framed" in such a way that it appears you are still on the website. When you leave the Site, you should be aware that our terms and policies may no longer govern, and the policies of any third parties who operate the Third-Party Content will apply. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any website to which you navigate from the Site.
Alliant Energy may run advertisements and promotions from third parties on the Site or may otherwise provide information about or links to third-party products or services on the Site. Your business dealings or correspondence with, or participation in promotions of, such third parties, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between you and such third party. Alliant Energy is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or promotions.
Security
The security of your personally identifying information is important to us. While there is no such thing as "perfect security" on the Internet, we will take reasonable steps to help ensure the safety of your personally identifying information. However, you understand and agree that such steps do not guarantee that use of the Site is invulnerable to all security breaches, and that Alliant Energy makes no warranty, guarantee, or representation that use of the Site is protected from viruses, security threats or other vulnerabilities.
Site Use and Account Management
By using the Site, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old, or, if you are not 18 or older, that you will use the Site under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms.
In order to access certain areas and features of our Site, you will need to register for an account. You agree not to create an account name that incorporates a trademark without authorization from the trademark owner. We reserve the right to reclaim account names on behalf of any business or individual that holds legal claim, including trademark rights, in those names. You further agree to (a) provide accurate, truthful, current and complete information when creating an account; (b) maintain and promptly update your account information; (c) maintain the security of your account by not sharing your password with others and restricting access to your account and your computer; (d) promptly notify Alliant Energy if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches related to the Site; and (e) take responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and accept all risks of unauthorized access.
My Account provides online access to information about your Alliant Energy account(s). Through My Account, you can conveniently manage your services, notifications, billing, and more.
Copyright, Trademarks, and Limited License
Unless otherwise indicated, the Site and all content and other materials on the Site, including, without limitation, the Alliant Energy logo, and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, buttons, icons, information, data, software, sound or video files, other files and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, the “Site Materials”) are the proprietary property of Alliant Energy or its licensors and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The trademarks, service marks, logos, graphics, page headers, button icons, scripts, domain names, URLs, and other identifiers used and displayed on the website are registered and unregistered trademarks of Alliant Energy and others.
You may not use any metatags or any other hidden text utilizing “Alliant Energy” or any other name, trademark or product or service name of Alliant Energy without our prior written permission.
In addition, the look and feel of the Site, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress of Alliant Energy and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and Alliant Energy names or logos mentioned in the Site are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by us.
You are granted a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to access and use the Site Materials; provided, however, that such license is subject to these Terms and does not include: (a) any resale or commercial use of the Site Materials; (b) the distribution, public performance or public display of any Site Materials; (c) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the Site Materials, or any portion thereof, unless modification or derivative use is specifically provided for under separate terms; (d) use of any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (e) downloading (other than page caching) of any portion of the Site Materials, except as expressly permitted on the Site; or (f) any use of the Site Materials other than for its intended purpose. Any use of the Site Materials other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of Alliant Energy, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including without limitation copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. This license is revocable at any time.
Alliant Energy is the trade name of Alliant Energy Corporation and its principal utility subsidiaries Wisconsin Power and Light Company and Interstate Power and Light Company.
Hyperlinks
You are granted a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to create a text hyperlink to the Site for noncommercial purposes, provided that such link does not portray Alliant Energy or any of its products and services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner and provided further that the linking site does not contain any adult or illegal material or any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise objectionable. This limited license may be revoked at any time.
Submissions
You may submit questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information about Alliant Energy, the Site or our products and services (collectively, “Submissions”). Submissions, whether posted to the Site or provided to Alliant Energy by email or otherwise, are non-confidential and shall become the sole property of Alliant Energy. Alliant Energy shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
You agree to provide any further assignments or authorizations needed to support Alliant Energy’s full intellectual property ownership of any Submissions.
Forward-Looking Statements; Financial Disclosures
(a) Forward-Looking Statements. The Site, and any documents and other information issued and made available through the Site by Alliant Energy, or its utility subsidiaries, Wisconsin Power and Light Company (“WPL”) and Interstate Power and Light Company (“IPL”), may contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by words such as “may,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “project,” “will,” “projections,” “business outlook,” “estimate” or other words or expressions of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe future financial performance or plans or strategies are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the statements. Actual results could be materially affected by the following factors, among others:
IPL’s and WPL’s ability to obtain adequate and timely rate relief to allow for, among other things, the recovery of and/or the return on costs, including fuel costs, operating costs, transmission costs, environmental compliance and remediation costs, deferred expenditures, deferred tax assets, tax expense, capital expenditures, and remaining costs related to EGUs that may be permanently closed, earning their authorized rates of return, and the payments to their parent of expected levels of dividends; federal and state regulatory or governmental actions, including the impact of energy, tax, financial and health care legislation, and regulatory agency orders; the impact of customer- and third party-owned generation, including alternative electric suppliers, in IPL’s and WPL’s service territories on system reliability, operating expenses and customers’ demand for electricity; the impact of energy efficiency, franchise retention and customer disconnects on sales volumes and margins; the impact that price changes may have on IPL’s and WPL’s customers’ demand for electric, gas and steam services and their ability to pay their bills; the ability to utilize tax credits and net operating losses generated to date, and those that may be generated in the future, before they expire; the direct or indirect effects resulting from terrorist incidents, including physical attacks and cyber attacks, or responses to such incidents; the impact of penalties or third-party claims related to, or in connection with, a failure to maintain the security of personally identifiable information, including associated costs to notify affected persons and to mitigate their information security concerns; employee workforce factors, including changes in key executives, ability to hire and retain employees with specialized skills, ability to create desired corporate culture, collective bargaining agreements and negotiations, work stoppages or restructurings; weather effects on results of utility operations; issues associated with environmental remediation and environmental compliance, including compliance with all environmental and emissions permits, the Coal Combustion Residuals Rule, future changes in environmental laws and regulations, including the EPA’s regulations for carbon dioxide emissions reductions from new and existing fossil-fueled EGUs, and litigation associated with environmental requirements; the ability to defend against environmental claims brought by state and federal agencies, such as the EPA, state natural resources agencies or third parties, such as the Sierra Club, and the impact on operating expenses of defending and resolving such claims; continued access to the capital markets on competitive terms and rates, and the actions of credit rating agencies; inflation and interest rates; the impact of the economy in IPL’s and WPL’s service territories and the resulting impacts on sales volumes, margins and the ability to collect unpaid bills; the ability to complete construction of wind projects within the cost caps set by regulators and to meet all requirements to qualify for the full level of production tax credits; changes in the price of delivered natural gas, purchased electricity and coal due to shifts in supply and demand caused by market conditions and regulations; disruptions in the supply and delivery of natural gas, purchased electricity and coal; changes in the price of transmission services and the ability to recover the cost of transmission services in a timely manner; the direct or indirect effects resulting from breakdown or failure of equipment in the operation of electric and gas distribution systems, such as mechanical problems and explosions or fires, and compliance with electric and gas transmission and distribution safety regulations; issues related to the availability and operations of EGUs, including start-up risks, breakdown or failure of equipment, performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency, operator error, employee safety, transmission constraints, compliance with mandatory reliability standards and risks related to recovery of resulting incremental costs through rates; impacts that storms or natural disasters may have on Alliant Energy’s, IPL’s and WPL’s operations and recovery of costs associated with restoration activities, or on the operations of Alliant Energy’s investments; any material post-closing adjustments related to any past asset divestitures, including the sales of IPL’s Minnesota electric and natural gas assets, and Whiting Petroleum, which could result from, among other things, indemnification agreements, warranties, parental guarantees or litigation; Alliant Energy’s ability to sustain its dividend payout ratio goal; changes to costs of providing benefits and related funding requirements of pension and OPEB plans due to the market value of the assets that fund the plans, economic conditions, financial market performance, interest rates, life expectancies and demographics; material changes in employee-related benefit and compensation costs; risks associated with operation and ownership of non-utility holdings; changes in technology that alter the channels through which customers buy or utilize Alliant Energy’s, IPL’s or WPL’s products and services; impacts on equity income from unconsolidated investments due to further potential changes to ATC’s authorized return on equity; impacts of IPL’s future tax benefits from Iowa rate-making practices, including deductions for repairs expenditures, allocation of mixed service costs and state depreciation, and recoverability of the associated regulatory assets from customers, when the differences reverse in future periods; the impacts of adjustments made to deferred tax assets and liabilities from changes in the tax laws; changes to the creditworthiness of counterparties with which Alliant Energy, IPL and WPL have contractual arrangements, including participants in the energy markets and fuel suppliers and transporters; current or future litigation, regulatory investigations, proceedings or inquiries; reputational damage from negative publicity, protests, fines, penalties and other negative consequences resulting in regulatory and/or legal actions; the effect of accounting standards issued periodically by standard-setting bodies; and the ability to successfully complete tax audits and changes in tax accounting methods with no material impact on earnings and cash flows. For more information about potential factors that could affect Alliant Energy’s business and financial results, please review Alliant Energy’s, WPL’s and IPL’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), available via the SEC website, including the section therein titled “Risk Factors,” and the companies’ other filings with the SEC. Except as may be required by law, Alliant Energy does not intend, and undertakes no duty, to update this information to reflect future events or circumstances.
(b) Press Releases. The information contained within press releases issued by Alliant Energy, WPL or IPL should not be deemed accurate or current except as of the date the release was posted. The companies’ have no intention of updating, and specifically disclaim any duty to update, the information in any press release, except to the extent required by law.
(c) Third-Party Financial Information. Alliant Energy may provide links to third-party websites or services that contain financial or investment information about Alliant Energy, WPL or IPL. Access to such websites and the information contained therein is provided as a service to those interested in the information. Alliant Energy neither regularly monitors nor has control over the content of any third party’s statements or websites. Accordingly, Alliant Energy does not endorse or adopt these websites or any information contained therein, including, without limitation, analyst’s reports and stock quotes. Alliant Energy makes no representations or warranties whatsoever regarding the accuracy or completeness of the content, information, or opinions of third-party websites or other third-party information. Users visit these websites and use the information contained therein at their own risk.
Arbitration; Governing Law; Venue
Please read the following paragraph carefully because it requires you to arbitrate disputes with Alliant Energy and it limits the manner in which you can seek relief.
You and Alliant Energy agree to arbitrate any dispute arising from these Terms or relating to the Site Materials, except that you and Alliant Energy are NOT required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks equitable or other relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets or patents. Arbitration prevents you from suing in court or from having a jury trial. You and Alliant Energy agree: (i) to notify each other of any dispute within thirty (30) days of when it arises; (ii) to attempt informal resolution prior to any demand for arbitration; (iii) that any arbitration will occur in Madison, Wisconsin; and (iv) that arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association. You and Alliant Energy also agree that the federal or state courts in Dane County, Wisconsin have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals of an arbitration award and over any suit between the parties not subject to arbitration. Other than class procedures and remedies discussed below, the arbitrator has the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court. Any dispute between the parties will be governed by these Terms and the laws of the State of Wisconsin and applicable United States law, without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction. Whether the dispute is heard in arbitration or in court, you and Alliant Energy will not commence against the other a class action, class arbitration or other representative action or proceeding.
Termination
Alliant Energy reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use or access the Site and Site Materials, and to block or prevent your future access to, and use of, any of the Site, including Site Materials.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Entire Agreement
You acknowledge and agree that these Terms are the complete and exclusive statement of the Terms of Use of the Site to be provided, and these Terms supersede any proposal or prior agreement, oral or written, and any other communications between you and Alliant Energy relating to the subject matter hereof. These Terms may only be modified in writing and may not be modified or altered verbally by any Alliant Energy employee.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Wisconsin applicable to agreements made and to be performed in Wisconsin. You agree that any legal action or proceeding between Alliant Energy and you for any purpose concerning these Terms or the parties' obligations hereunder shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in Wisconsin. The Terms remain in effect until such time that they may be updated.
Enforcement
Alliant Energy’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Neither the course of conduct and/or course of dealing between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of these Terms. Alliant Energy may assign its rights and duties under these Terms to any party at any time without notice to you. Your rights and duties under these Terms are not assignable by you without written consent of Alliant Energy. These Terms do not provide any third party with a remedy, claim, or right of reimbursement. You must file any claim or suit related to our website within one year after it arises.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY. To have a copy of these Terms sent to you, please contact us at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268).
If you have any question regarding the use of the Site, which includes My Account or the Alliant Energy websites, please contact us at 1-800-ALLIANT (800-255-4268).
You can select the language displayed on our website.
Click the menu below and make your selection.
IOWA
WISCONSIN
NO THANKS
CALL
1-800-ALLIANT (1-800-255-4268)
Dial #-2-5-5
from any U.S. Cellular® phone
For emergencies, do not use an online form or send an email.