http://www.adopt.org/privacy-policy
Menu
Learn
Connect
Give
About UsOur Organization
Mission
Our Policies
Board of Directors
Our Staff
Our Blog
Success Stories
ServicesOverview
For FamiliesInformation & Referral
Match Events
LGBT Adoption
For ProfessionalsPublic Awareness & Recruitment Opportunities
Information and Referral
Our LGBTQ Initiative
For Adopted IndividualsReunion Registries
National Adoption Month
Meet the Children
NewsroomOverview
Members of the Media
Articles
Newsletter
News Releases
TV / Radio
DonateIndividual Giving
Corporate Giving
ContactOverview
Request Adoption Information
Privacy Policy
Newsletter
First Name *
Last Name *
Email Address *
Leave this field blank
Search
Search form
Search
Overview
Request Adoption Information
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for the Adoption Center
At adopt.org, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by adopt.org and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at ac@adopt.org.
Log Files
adopt.org follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Privacy Policies
Our website provides convenient ways for you to access our services and learn about important opportunities and events. We collect information about our online visitors both directly from our visitors and indirectly from other companies that provide data to us. We use this information to communicate with our supporters and clients and process their transactions. We do not sell it to other organizations.
When you use our website to make a financial contribution, register for special event, we may ask you for your name, address, phone number(s), and other information relevant to the transaction. We will ask for standard credit card information when you make a financial donation.
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
adopt.org does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in adopt.org. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.