https://www.butchartgardens.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
It’s our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Read our privacy policy and learn how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information.
Copyright & Trademark
This website is owned and operated by The Butchart Gardens Ltd. and is protected by copyright and trademark laws. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or modify material, including graphics, images, and code from this website. You may download information from this web site for your personal, non-commercial use only.
The logos and name of The Butchart Gardens are registered trademarks and may not be used by others without permission from The Butchart Gardens Ltd.
The Information We Collect
Pantheon hosts our web pages, and the shopping cart is hosted by Shopify. Our web site does not automatically collect any individually identifiable information from visitors. The only personal information that may be collected (on our order form only) includes: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number.
When you visit our web pages our web server software may collect certain non-personally identifiable information such as the type of browser you are using (eg., Firefox, Internet Explorer) and the type of operating system you are using (eg., iOS, Microsoft Windows, Linux). This information is automatically entered into our server logs, as it is when you visit any site on the web. We may use this information to help diagnose problems with our server, or to administer our website.  This website uses Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. Should you wish to opt out, you may use this add-on for your browser.
How We Use the Information
We use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products and to respond to your enquiries about our products. We do not sell, rent, share, or otherwise disclose to any other person or organization our mailing lists or other personally identifiable information. Credit card numbers are not stored on this site, but are passed directly to our processor.
If you would like us to keep your e-mail address on file in order to contact you about new products or special offers, you have a chance to request this on the order form. Select the check box under the e-mail address field. You may also make this request using our contact page, or by sending an e-mail to email@butchartgardens.com if you are not currently placing an order.
Collection of Information by Other Sites
Our web pages may contain links to other sites whose information practices may differ from ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect online.
We use secure socket layer (SSL) software which is the industry standard for secure e-commerce transactions. It encrypts all your personal information including credit card number, name and address, so it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet. Our web pages are being hosted by Pantheon, which also holds our SSL Secured (128) Certificate to ensure secure transmission of your information.
If you have any questions about our Web Site Security and Privacy Policy, contact The Butchart Gardens at (250) 652-4422.
Terms of Use
While considerable care has been taken in preparing and maintaining the information and materials contained on this Website, they are provided on an “as is” basis without warranty of any kind, express or implied and The Butchart Gardens Ltd. does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. In addition, the information herein shall in no way be construed as constituting a recommendation by The Butchart Gardens Ltd., unless otherwise noted. Links from this website to other Websites, or references to products, services or publications other than those of The Butchart Gardens Ltd., do not imply endorsement or approval of such Websites, products, services or publications by The Butchart Gardens Ltd. or its affiliates.
The GardensPlan Your VisitWhat to DoWhere to EatGroups & EventsWork With UsContact UsOur StorySunken GardenRose GardenJapanese GardenItalian GardenMediterranean GardenSpecial FeaturesThe PlantsEnvironmental InitiativesCOVID-19 UpdateHoursRates12 Month PassTravel to CanadaMap of The GardensAutumnChristmasWinterSpringSummerThe Dining RoomThe Blue Poppy RestaurantCoffee ShopSeasonal SpecialtiesGroups & Tour OperatorsMeetings & EventsWeddingsMediaIndustry PartnersGet in Touch
Garden Etiquette
Shop
Blog
Employment
Purchase Admission
Today:
/
Garden Etiquette
Shop
Blog
Employment
Search
Close
Purchase Admission
The Gardens
Our Story
Sunken Garden
Rose Garden
Japanese Garden
Italian Garden
Mediterranean Garden
Special Features
The Plants
Environmental Initiatives
Plan Your Visit
COVID-19 Update
Hours
Rates
12 Month Pass
Travel to Canada
Map of The Gardens
What to Do
Autumn
Christmas
Winter
Spring
Summer
Where to Eat
The Dining Room
The Blue Poppy Restaurant
Coffee Shop
Seasonal Specialties
Groups & Events
Groups & Tour Operators
Meetings & Events
Weddings
Work With Us
Media
Industry Partners
Contact Us
Get in Touch
COVID-19 Update
Rules:
All visitors are required to wear a mask or face covering when visiting, except when:
• Under 12 years of age, however, mask use is encouraged for children aged 5 to 11 years
• Inside their vehicle
• Seated and consuming food or beverage (we ask that visitors use discretion when consuming take-away food or beverages, maintain physical distance as appropriate, and don their mask when finished)
• A medical condition or disability inhibits the ability to wear a face covering
• A person is unable to place or remove their mask without assistance
Please follow the instructions of our staff.
Large groups are required to split up, with a maximum of 6 persons walking together.
Please be patient as we are closely monitoring how many visitors are allowed into the garden at one time. Maintain physical distancing, and do not allow you or your group to get within 2m/6ft of another person or group.
Children and pets MUST remain directly at your side, or we will be forced to ask you to leave.
Please keep to the right on all pathways. Follow the directional arrows and abide by the Do Not Enter signs.
Failure to comply with these rules will result in your removal from the premises.
Please note that you are visiting The Butchart Gardens at your own risk.
Visitors will be asked the following questions before being admitted to The Gardens:
Have you experienced cold or flu-like symptoms within the last 14 days?
Have you been in close contact with anyone else who has had these symptoms in the last 14 days?
Have you travelled outside of Canada in the last 14 days?
If you have travelled outside of Canada, have you quarantined in Canada for 14 days?
Are you in possession of a face covering that covers your mouth and nose, and do you agree to wear this covering when outside your vehicle while visiting The Butchart Gardens?
GARDENS AND FACILITIES
DRINKING FOUNTAINS
Limited drinking fountains are available, we ask that where possible you bring your own water.
WASHROOMS
Available at the turnstile entrance, Waterwheel Square and near the Carousel Building.
ROSE CAROUSEL
Closed.
FOOD SERVICES
The Dining Room Restaurant is open for Afternoon Tea, with limited seating, from 11:30am to 3:00pm, following all guidelines for physical distancing. Reservations are highly recommended, or please call 250-652-8222.
The Coffee Shop is open with limited seating, following all guidelines for physical distancing, take-away service is also available.
Blue Poppy Restaurant remains temporarily closed.
SEED & GIFT STORE
Face coverings are mandatory inside the Seed & Gift Store; no food or beverages permitted.
Open daily 10:00am to 4:30pm, following protocols to allow for physical distancing, capacity monitoring and sanitary precautions. Online shopping and phone-in orders are available, 250-652-4422, with complimentary pick-up at the Admission Gate.
UMBRELLAS
Due to COVID-19 we are unable to supply umbrellas.
PLEASE DO NOT BRING LAWN CHAIRS or FOOD TO THE GARDENS
We are not permitting picnics or seated gatherings. Small snacks and drinks for medical purposes are permitted.
PHOTOGRAPHY
Due to COVID-19 and physical distancing, we are currently not permitting the use of tripods for photography throughout The Gardens.
INFORMATION CENTRE
Open for 12 Month Pass sales and renewals. Plant I.D. is temporarily unavailable.
NO CASH TRANSACTIONS
Debit and credit cards accepted.
12 MONTH PASSES
We have extended all 12 Month Passes that were valid between March 26 and April 30, 2020 by the total number of days we were closed (36) due to COVID-19.
CHRISTMAS SEASON
Due to the latest Provincial Health Order, we regret to announce that our Christmas evening viewing is not available this year. If you have booked a timed ticket or dining reservation, we will be contacting you. Gates are open 9am – 3:30pm, with viewing until 4:30pm, and our Christmas lights are on. We will be closed Christmas Day. Thank you for your support and we hope to see you for a day-time visit.
Learn more about the steps we are taking to protect Visitors and Staff by clicking here.
Travel to Canada: See details here.
Tour Operators: You must contact us in advance. Learn more.
-This is our most up-to-date information, please continue to check back for updates.-
Close