http://www.sea-ex.com/cookiepolicy.htm
Welcome to Sea-Ex - Seafood,
Fishing, Aquaculture, Marine & Angling Portal
Custom Search
Become an Advertiser / Sea-Ex Member
Recreational Angling....
Angling,
Boating, Fishing Info, Sailing, Diving, Boat Charters, Fishing Guides,
Marinas etc. CLICK HERE
Seafood
Wholesale Seafood
Australia
Wholesale Seafood
International
Seafood
Industry Skype Directory
Brand Name Register
Retail Seafood Sales
Seafood Restaurants
Seafood Recipes
Seafood Information
Thailand
Business & Info Directory
Seafood Directory
Aquaculture Directory
Seafood Trading Board
Commercial Seafood
Seafood Info by Country
Fish Photos & Info
Marine Services
Directory
Suppliers to the Seafood Industry
Seafood Industry News
TRADE  SEAFOOD
INDUSTRY DIRECTORY
Add Your Company
Sea-Ex
Information
Seafood Industry Newsletter
Seafood Industry News & Information
Contact Us
How Sea-Ex
& Trade-Seafood uses cookies
What are Cookies?A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your
browser by a website you visit. It helps the website to remember
information about your visit, like your preferred language and other
settings. That can make your next visit easier and the site more useful
to you. Cookies play an important role. Without them, using the web
would be a much more frustrating experience.
They are unable to search your computer in any
way, cannot introduce viruses to your computer and contain no personal
identifying information about you (basically they are nothing to be
afraid of).We use cookies for many purposes. We use them, for example, to remember
your safe search preferences, to make the ads you see more relevant to
you, to count how many visitors we receive to a page, to help you sign
up for our services and to protect your data.
Our privacy policy
explains how we protect your privacy in our use of cookies and other
information.
What types of cookies does
Sea-Ex & Trade-Seafood use?The Sea-Ex & Trade Seafood use four of these types of cookie: “Strictly
Necessary,” “Performance,” “Functionality,” and “Targeting.”Here is some information about each cookie category:
Strictly Necessary Cookies. These cookies are essential, as they
enable you to move around The Online Advertising Guide and use its
features. For example – the cookie to say you have/have not allowed
cookies to be used on this site.Performance Cookies. These cookies collect information about how
you have used Sea-Ex & Trade Seafood, for example Google Analytics,
which is used to track basic user behavior on this site so we can try
and improve our users experience.Targeting Cookies. Our advertising partners or other third party
partners may use these types of cookies to deliver advertising that is
relevant to your interests. These cookies can remember that your device
has visited a site or service, and may also be able to track your
device’s browsing activity on other sites or services other than Sea-Ex
& Trade Seafood. This information may be shared with organizations
outside Sea-Ex & Trade Seafood, such as advertisers and/or advertising
networks to deliver the advertising, and to help measure the
effectiveness of an advertising campaign, or other business partners for
the purpose of providing aggregate Service usage statistics and
aggregate Service testing.Functionality Cookies. Sea-Ex & Trade Seafood use this type of
cookies for Members on our Seafood Trading Board, these cookies allow
sites/services to remember how you’re logged in and when you logged in
or out. The information these cookies collect is anonymous, and they are
not used to track your browsing activity on other sites or services.
How to control and delete cookies
You can disable any cookies already stored on your
computer, but these may stop our website from functioning properly.
Most web browsers allow some control of most
cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies,
including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and
delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org  or
www.allaboutcookies.org.
© 1996 - 2020
Sea-Ex
Australia
Home
Any problems regarding this page, please contact
Disclaimer  |
Privacy Policy  |
Cookie
Policy