http://www.azzcardfile.com/privacy.html
Azz Cardfile for Windows incorporates many useful tools in one piece of software: simple and powerful, totally customizable organizer program without predefined fields, Recipe Program,
Address Book,
Rolodex,
Contact Management Software,
Small Database,
Phone Numbers Organizing Program.
Azz Cardfile Home
Download
Quick Start
User Testimonials
How to Buy
Why AZZ Cardfile
Version Compatibility
FAQ
Privacy/Security
News/Announcements
Free License
Contact Us
Free sample files:
Recipes
Lifestyle, Crafts, Home
Computer and Tech
Educational
Entertainment
Specific Uses
Subscribe for new version announcements. We don't advertise through it and guarantee the privacy
Powered by
groups.yahoo.com
AZZ Cardfile Privacy Policy and Security
*
McAfee Siteadvisor security report on www.AzzCardfile.com
*
Personal Information
Orders. To sell software we use third party order processing company at SWREG. Through the notification message that follows successful order we receive client's information which includes Name, Address, E-mail address and phone number.
Mailing list. We use third party service provided by Yahoo.com. Only E-mail address is necessary to join.
Support correspondence. In the process clients disclose their contact details including names, E-mails, addresses, phone numbers.
We guarantee the privacy of all the above mentioned information. It is kept for our records only and used exclusively for lost software registration codes recovery, our business statistics and trend analysis. The data is kept on computers and backup discs that are well protected physically and electronically. All unnecessary information is being destroyed. We do not disclose any personal details to third parties under any circumstances and will not do so in future.
Web site logs
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. This information is used for statistical analysis and technical improvements to the site. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We do not share this information with third party advertisers.
Downloads
AZZ Cardfile software is completely safe to install on your system. It does not contain advertisements, nor will it make any unauthorized connections from your system. The software is a single executable file and requires only 2 additional DLL: zipdll.dll and unzdll.dll, they are stored in the same folder as executable. The installation will not overwrite any files in Windows directory.
AZZ Cardfile installation pack and sample collections provided by end users, which are available to download on this Web site, are checked for viruses using up to date Norton Antivirus software.
Cookies
This site does not use cookies. However, cookies may be used by advertising companies whose ads may be displayed on some pages. To opt out of the Google DART cookie, visit here
Links to other Web sites
AZZ Cardfile Web site contains outbound links that we deem beneficial to our users. We represent them here much like they represent themselves online. At the time of publishing they are checked for appropriateness for all ages, absence of subjects like warez, illegal, offensive, discriminating, promoting questionable business schemes and alike. Nevertheless, the contents of these web sites may change, over which we have no control, and it is up to the web surfer to evaluate the content and usefulness of information obtained from other sites.
Resources for Online Privacy and Security
Federal Trade Commission Privacy Inititives
Privacy resources on Google Web Directory
Sygate firewall - free for personal use
Ad-aware : multi spyware removal utility
Thiefware.com : Learn and protect yourself from ThiefWare technology and software.
Internet Cookies: what is it
AZZ Cardfile can be used in many ways:
Recipe Software -
Rolodex Organizer -
Simple Database Software -
Organizer -
Recipes Database Software -
Contact Manager -
download phone book software
All original content, © 2009, Antanas Zdramys
Microsoft and Microsoft Windows are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.