https://www.birminghambotanicalgardens.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Members Login Coming Soon
To register for your login details, please fill out the form below and we will be in contact to provide you access. This service is for members only.
Login Register
First Name*Surname*Membership Number*Email*
* Indicates Required Field CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
If you would like to apply for membership, please visit the membership page.
Home » Terms And Conditions
These terms and conditions govern your use of our Website, www.birminghambotanicalgardens.org.uk. Our terms have been provided and approved by legal documents provider LegalCentre.co.uk. Please read the terms in full before you use this Website. If you do not accept these terms, please do not use this Website. Using the Website implies that you accept these terms. We do occasionally update these terms so please refer back to them in the future.
SITE ACCESS
You will be able to access the majority of this Website without having to register any details with us. However, particular areas of this Website will only be accessible only if you are a website administrator.
USE OF WEBSITE
You are permitted to use our website for your own purposes and to print and download material from this Website provided that you do not modify any content without our consent. Material on this website must not be republished online or offline without our permission.
The copyright and other intellectual property rights in all material on this Website are owned by us or our licensors and must not be reproduced without our prior consent.
Subject to paragraph 1.2, no part of this Website may be reproduced without our prior written permission.
SITE UPTIME
We take all reasonable steps to ensure that this Website is available 24 hours every day, 365 days per year. However, websites do sometimes encounter downtime due to server and, other technical issues. Therefore we will not be liable if this website is unavailable at any time.
This Website may be temporarily unavailable due to issues such as system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond our control. Where possible we will try to give our visitors advance warning of maintenance issues but shall not be obliged to do so.
VISITOR CONDUCT
With the exception of personally identifiable information, any material you send or post to this Website shall be considered non-proprietary and not confidential. Unless you advise to the contrary we will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use such material for any and all purposes.
When using this website you shall not post or send to or from this Website any material:
for which you have not obtained all necessary consents;
that is discriminatory, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, liable to incite racial hatred, in breach of confidentiality or privacy, which may cause annoyance or inconvenience to others, which encourages or constitutes conduct that would be deemed a criminal offence, give rise to a civil liability, or otherwise is contrary to the law in the United Kingdom;
which is harmful in nature including, and without limitation, computer viruses, Trojan horses, corrupted data, or other potentially harmful software or data.
We will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring us to disclose the identity or other details of any person posting material to this website in breach of Paragraph 1.8.
LINKS TO AND FROM OTHER WEBSITES
Any links to third party websites located on this Website are provided for your convenience only. We have not reviewed each third party website and have no responsibility for such third party websites or their content. We do not endorse the third party websites or make representations about them or any material contained in them. If you choose to access a third party website linked to from this Website, it is at your own risk.
If you would like to link to this Website, you may only do so on the basis that you link to, but do not replicate, any page on this Website, and subject to the following conditions:
you do not in any way imply that we are endorsing any services or products unless this has been specifically agreed with us;
you do not misrepresent your relationship with us or present any false information about us;
you do not link from a website that is not owned by you; and
your website does not contain content that is offensive, controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or does not comply in any way with the law in the United Kingdom.
If you choose to link to our website in breach of Paragraph 5.2 you shall fully indemnify us for any loss or damage suffered as a result of your actions.
VIRUSES
Whilst effort has been taken to ensure that this Website is free from viruses, we give no warranties that it is indeed free from viruses. You are responsible for ensuring that you have installed adequate virus checking software on your computer.
We shall not be responsible for any viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, restrict, destroy, limit the functionality of or compromise the integrity of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment or other material transmitted with or as part of this Website or any other internet site.
You must not misuse this Website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to this Website, the server on which the Website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to this Website. You must not attack this Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
DISCLAIMER
We take all reasonable steps to ensure that the information on this Website is correct. However, we do not guarantee the correctness or completeness of material on this Website. We may make changes to the material on this Website at any time and without notice. The material on this Website may be out of date, or on rare occasions incorrect and we make no commitment to ensure that such material is correct or up to date.
The material at this Website is provided without any conditions or warranties of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted by law, we provide access and use of this website on the basis that we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions which but for these Terms may have effect in relation to this Website.
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
Neither we nor any other party (whether or not involved in producing, maintaining or delivering this Website), shall be liability or responsible for any kind of loss or damage that may result to you or a third party as a result of your or their use of our website. This exclusion shall include servicing or repair costs and, without limitation, any other direct, indirect or consequential loss, and whether in tort or contract or otherwise in connection with this Website.
Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit liability for (i) death or personal injury caused by negligence (as defined by the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977); (ii) fraud; (iii) misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter; or (iv) any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under the law of the United Kingdom.
GOVERNING JURISDICTION
This Legal Notice shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Any dispute(s) arising in connection with this Legal Notice are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of England and Wales.
OUR DETAILS
Our business’s name is: Birmingham Botanical Gardens & Glasshouses
Our business address is: Westbourne Road, Edgbaston, Birmingham, B15 3TR
Our telephone number is: 0121-454-1860
What's on
Events to suit all interests
Find out more
Venue Hire
Your own slice of Eden
Find out more
Members
Unlimited entry to 12 gardens across the UK from £38
Find out more
schools
Plan your educational visit today
Find out more
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. You can read our Privacy Policy for more information.
Accept Cookies
Reject