http://www.carbohydrate-counter.org/privacy_policy.php
Carbohydrate Counter
Carbohydrate Counter Home
Carbohydrate Counter > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy matters a great deal to us. Any information collected by us will only be used to improve the service associated with this website.
Cookies
Cookies are small bits of information used by your browser and stored locally on your hard drive. We may sometimes employ the use of cookies to enhance your user experience. For example, a cookie may be used to store login information and user preferences negating the need for you to re-enter the information on subsequent visits to this site. Cookies used by this site will never be used in a malicious manner.
Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information on Carbohydrate Counter beyond your email address if volunteered to us. Your email address may be used to send you information relating to our site such as newsletters. We may also use your email address for identification purposes should you choose to make use of secure sections of our site. Your email address will never be sold or passed on to any third parties. We will never spam you with unsolicited emails.
Surveys, Polls and Questionnaires
From time to time we may employ surveys to collect information or the opinions of our users. The results of surveys involving personal information will not be made public. Sometimes surveys may be used for on page content. These will be clearly recognisable.
Surveys may also be used to collect user demographics for advertising purposed.
Usage Tracking
Your usage of this site will be tracked to determine the pages you have visited in a statistical manner. This information is used as part of an improvement process in order to expose areas of strength and weakness' throughout the site.
We also collect information not specifically linked to you such as the search terms that are being used to find this site. This information allows us to tailor the site to the specific needs of our users.
Security
The servers hosting this site and its associated information are all protected by firewalls and precautions have been taken to guard against viruses and other forms of malicious attack.
Any passwords being used have been stored in an encrypted form.
Changes to this Policy
Any changes to this policy will appear on this page. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. However, any changes will instantly be made public, as published on this page, as soon as they come into effect.
Contact Us
You may contact us by emailing info@carbohydrate-counter.org at any time should you have any questions relating to this policy and or the collection of information by this site.
© 2020 carbohydrate-counter.org, All rights reserved. |
Privacy Policy | All nutritional data compiled by the USDA.