http://www.rosemagazine.com/articles04/privacy/
Home
Feature Articles
Writers Corner
Rose Forums
Content:
Pruning Roses
Rose Forums
Rose Societies
Rose Bits
Favorite Roses
Rose Gardens
Rose Art
Rose Books
Search Us
Planting Zones
Feature Articles:
Writers Corner:
Reader Survey
Advertise
With Us!
Please ConsiderMaking a Donation
Rose Magazine Online Privacy Policy
Personal Information Rose Magazine May Collect Online
Rose Magazine collects personal information online, including names, postal, e-mail addresses, and company names for the sole purpose of tracking membership and advertisers within a business capacity.
Rose Magazine does not knowingly collect or maintain any personal information from children under the age of 13. In addition, no part of our sites are designed with the purpose of attracting any person under age 13.
How Rose Magazine Uses Personal Information Collected Online
Unless you otherwise consent, we will use your personal information only for the purpose for which it is submitted, such as to reply to your emails, process business requests related to advertisement programs, and we will use such information to provide operational notices, in program record-keeping and to conduct research on visitor demographics. Our research may lead to the publication of our visitor demographical data but will not result in the reporting or publication of any personal information provided to us. At certain points where personal information is collected on our site, there may be a box where you may indicate you would like to be on a membership list to receive information about other Rose Magazine programs services and about ways to support Rose Magazine. This election box only appears in places where the department collecting personal information maintains such lists. At any time you can add or remove your name from a Rose Magazine list by contacting us at Write to Us below
We never sell or rent your personal information.
Computer Tracking and Cookies
Our web site is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information not entered by visitors. Our site logs do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our sites. This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better services to the public and may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
Our web site also recognizes the online site where a visitor clicks-to from our site. We only totalize data for our advertisers and no personal information is collected.
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Rose Magazine uses non-identifying cookies to provide easier site navigation and access to forms. You can still use the Rose Magazine sites if your browser is set to reject cookies. Our cookies do not generate personal data, do not read personal data from your machine and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you.
| Site Map | Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2000-2020 Rose Magazine Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
Rosie Baby
Our Little Girl Baby dresses are cute, pretty and stylish for your special occasions such as birthdays, summer picknicks and evening strolls at the beach.
Tutoring Student - Amid the ongoing pandemic situation the majority of the schools/courses have transitioned to online schooling. We are here to help students with detailed tutor support up to Grades K-12 courses, including core subjects of Math, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Science and English.
Brides, save your bouquet! Don’t let your wedding flowers wilt away! WEDDING FLOWER BOUQUET PRESERVATION - RESIN BOUQUET
Looking for the answer to your rose gardening problems. Search Rose Magazine!
Enter your search term below: