http://www.consumersinternational.org/what-we-do/consumer-protection/global-policy-cooperation/transatlantic-consumer-dialogue-tacd/
We use cookies to track usage and preferences
I understand
Privacy policy
Global Policy Cooperation
Digital
Sustainable Consumption
COVID-19
Consumer Protection
World Consumer Rights Day
Grants
Transatlantic Consumer Dialogue (TACD)
Consumers International hosts the Secretariat of the Transatlantic Consumer Dialogue (TACD), which was established in 1998. TACD is a network of 77 EU and US consumer organisations that develop and agree on joint consumer policy recommendations to the US government and the European Union to promote the consumer interest in EU and US political negotiations and agreements.
Our work in this area
TACD  focuses on five priority policy areas led by its thematic working groups on: food, information society, product safety and chemicals, financial services and intellectual property. The dialogue regularly issues statements and recommendations on these areas, ensuring that key consumer priorities are promoted and advocated in transatlantic regulatory and governmental processes. Since negotiations for the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) began in 2013, the planned trade agreement became a key focus. TACD has since provided vital input into the talks, working to ensure that TTIP has a positive impact on society.
TACD hosts annual multi-stakeholder conferences in Washington D.C. and Brussels, contributing to the exchange of information, dissemination of knowledge and sharing of expertise on consumer issues in the EU and the US.
For more information about TACD's latest policy work visit the TACD website.
news
Consumers International calls for climate action and stronger cross-border protection at Davos 2020
Consumers International joined world leaders at the World Economic Forum's Annual meeting in Davos, 21-24 January 2020, to ensure that the global consumer voice was represented in high-level discussions on privacy and digital rights, sustainable consumption, plastics recycling, the future of food, finance and energy.
READ MORE
blog
Making cross border e-commerce work for consumers?
In this blog, our Advocacy manager Anna Glayzer reports back from last week's WTO Forum in Geneva and explores the unprecedented global impact that online shopping is having on the way we consume.
READ MORE
Our Latest Publication
Can I Recycle This?: A Global Mapping and Assessment of Standards, Labels and Claims on Plastic Packaging
View all publications