http://www.sadaf.com/disclaimer/#california-privacy-notice
Home
Disclaimer
Disclaimer
While we work to ensure that product information is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists. Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our Web site. We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product.
Sadaf.com assumes no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products.
California's Proposition 65
California law requires businesses to provide this warning as a result of California Proposition 65, the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986.
WARNING: Products sold on Sadaf.com, Consuming these products can expose you to chemicals including Lead which is known to the State of California to cause cancer and/or birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information, go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov/food.
California Privacy Notice
This California Privacy Notice (“Notice”) is for California residents. It explains how we collect your Personal Information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
“Personal Information” in this Notice, means information that identifies or is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you.
To provide our website services, we must process and collect information about you, including Personal Information such as your name, address, phone number, order history for the last two years, and other information you provide when you place an order online, this includes when you sign up for an account.
We do not sell or transfer any of the personal information you provide to others outside of our database/organization. We consider your any personal information you provide to be private and this information will be kept strictly confidential within Sadaf Foods.
Contact for more information
If you have additional questions about this Notice or how to exercise your rights under the CCPA, please contact us.
Effective: January 1, 2020
The Sadaf Brand
Email Subscriptions
Mission Statement
TV Commercials
Quick Contact
Phone:(323) 234-6666
Toll-Free:(800) 852-4050
Fax:(323) 234-2447
Confirm Deletion
close
Are you sure you want to DELETE this item from your bag?
Delete
Don't Delete