https://www.babynamespedia.com/general?d=privacy
Home
boy
Name:
privacy policy
Privacy Policy
COMMITMENT TO YOUR
PRIVACY
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At Baby Names Pedia,
we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.
Because we gather certain types of information
about our users, we feel you should fully understand our policy and
the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information.
This
privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use
it.
INFORMATION Baby Names Pedia GATHERS AND TRACKS
Baby Names Pedia gathers two types of information
about users:
Information that users provide through
optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions
to receive our electronic newsletters, to participate in our message
boards or forums, to email a friend, and from participation in polls
and surveys:
Information Baby Names Pedia gathers through
aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views
throughout our sites. This information allows us to better tailor
our content to readers' needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors
better understand the demographics of our audience. Because Baby Names Pedia
derives its revenue mainly from sponsorships and advertising, providing
such aggregated demographic data is essential to keeping our service
free to users. Under no circumstances does Baby Names Pedia divulge any information
about an individual user to a third party.
Baby Names Pedia Gathers User Information In
The Following Processes:
Optional Voluntary Information
We offer the following free services,
which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information
by users:
1. Electronic newsletters policy (Dispatches)
We may offer a free electronic newsletter
to users. Baby Names Pedia gathers the email addresses of users who voluntarily
subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following
the link provided in every newsletter that points users to the subscription
management page. Users can also subscribe to the newsletters at the
time of registration.
2. Message boards/forums policy
We may offer message boards/forum services to users.
Users
must register separately for these services (both are free of
charge) in order to post messages, although they needn't register to
visit the site. During registration the user is required to supply
a username, password, and email address.
3. "E-mail to friend" policy
Our site users can choose to electronically
forward a link, page, or documents to someone else by clicking "e-mail
this to a friend". The user must provide their email address, as well
as that of the recipient. This information is used only in the case
of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient know who
sent the email. The information is not used for any other purpose.
4. Polling
We may offer interactive polls to users
so they can easily share their opinions with other users and see what
our audience thinks about important issues. Opinions or other responses
to polls are aggregated and are not identifiable to any particular
user. Baby Names Pedia may use a system to "tag" users after they have voted,
so they can vote only once on a particular question. This tag is not
correlated with information about individual users.
5. Surveys
Baby Names Pedia may occasionally conduct user
surveys to better target our content to our audience. We sometimes
share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with
our sponsors, advertisers and partners. We never share any of this
information about specific individuals with any third party.
Children
Consistent with the Federal Children's
Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly
request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age
of 13 without requesting parental consent.
Usage tracking
Baby Names Pedia tracks user traffic patterns
throughout all of our sites. However, we do not correlate this information
with data about individual users. Baby Names Pedia does break down overall usage
statistics according to a user's domain name, browser type, and MIME
type by reading this information from the browser string (information
contained in every user's browser).
Baby Names Pedia sometimes tracks and catalogs
the search terms that users enter in our Search function, but this
tracking is never associated with individual users. We use tracking
information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't
like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual
users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps
us continue to build a better service for you.
Cookies
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in
the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain
Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use
of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly
provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is
information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your
hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Baby Names Pedia uses
cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). Our advertising
system delivers a one-time cookie to better track ad impressions and
click rates.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Their DART cookie enables them to serve ads to you based on your visit to this and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
You can refuse cookies by turning them
off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before
accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie.
You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However,
you do need cookies to use the "My Shortlist" function and to participate
actively in message boards, forums, polling and surveys.
Privacy Policy Use
USE OF INFORMATION
Baby Names Pedia uses any information voluntarily
given by our users to enhance their experience in our network of sites,
whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites
or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.
As stated above, we use information that
users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters
and to enable users to participate in polls, surveys, message boards,
and forums. We send out newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule
(depending on the newsletter), and occasionally send out special editions
when we think subscribers might be particularly interested in something
we are doing. Baby Names Pedia never shares newsletter mailing lists with
any third parties, including advertisers, sponsors or partners.
When we use tracking information to determine
which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic
to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather
how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build
a better service for you. We track search terms entered in Search function
as one of many measures of what interests our users. But we don't track
which terms a particular user enters.
Baby Names Pedia creates aggregate reports
on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers, sponsors
and partners. This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively,
and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to
their needs. Because we don't track the usage patterns of individual
users, an advertiser or sponsor will never know that a specific user
clicked their ad. We will not disclose any information about any individual
user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or
to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
SHARING OF THE INFORMATION
Baby Names Pedia uses the above-described information
to tailor our content to suit your needs and help our advertisers better
understand our audience's demographics. This is essential to keeping
our service free. We will not share information about individual users
with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid
legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the
public.
SECURITY
Baby Names Pedia operates secure data networks
protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems.
Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced
as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information
provided by our customers.
OPT-OUT POLICY
We give users options wherever necessary
and practical. Such choices include:
Opting not to register to receive
our electronic newsletters.
Opting not to participate in certain
interactive areas, which completely alleviates the need to gather
any personally identifiable information from our users
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site, you consent to the
collection and use of this information by Baby Names Pedia. If we decide to
change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page
so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we
use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
EEA Users: Change privacy settings
Gender
girl (6265)boy (4886)unisex (1558)
Starts with
Ends with
Contains
Language
english (1124)hebrew (832)greek (730)arabic (570)german (570)latin (489)sanskrit (392)french (215)spanish (202)celtic (171)italian (121)american (92)irish (87)scandinavian (72)gothic (70)russian (64)dutch (51)albanian (46)japanese (45)polish (44)portuguese (39)welsh (39)slavic (38)hungarian (33)swahili (33)turkish (33)czech (30)armenian (26)roman (23)persian (17)quechua (17)yiddish (16)egyptian (15)catalan (14)phoenician (14)basque (9)lithuanian (9)romanian (9)latvian (8)aramaic (7)aztec (7)akan (6)angolan (6)ewe (6)galician (6)estonian (5)syrian (5)tamil (5)ukrainian (5)igbo (4)punjabi (4)assyrian (3)breton (3)frisian (3)illyrian (3)kurdish (3)maori (3)nahuatl (3)semitic (2)afghan (1)amharic (1)cambodian (1)chinese (1)danish (1)indoeuropean (1)kiowa (1)siouan (1)See 62 moreSee less
Theme
god (139)helper (132)king (118)honorable (86)heir (56)holy (52)strength (47)biblical (40)humanity (40)wise (40)honor (37)powerful (37)element (34)brother (33)warrior (29)gold (27)heart (26)protector (26)eagle (25)wood (25)quiet (24)sun (22)brave (20)elf (18)obscure (18)river (18)sand (18)immortal (17)medieval (17)war (17)catholic (15)literature (15)cub (14)life (14)sword (14)village (14)land (13)death (12)hero (12)joy (12)victorious (12)white (12)anglicized (11)missionary (11)norman (11)revival (11)bear (10)beloved (10)benevolent (10)dark (10)sky (10)ancient (9)church (9)dawn (9)puritans (9)fire (8)lion (8)combination (7)continental (7)flower (7)folk (7)grace (7)moon (7)theologian (7)blue (6)burden (6)loud (6)protection (6)scholar (6)spring (6)teacher (6)abundance (5)follower (5)fourth (5)happy (5)helmet (5)hermit (5)home (5)prophet (5)decline (4)doctor (4)enemy (4)equivalent (4)horse (4)independent (4)invincible (4)john (4)messenger (4)modern (4)mountain (4)prominent (4)sir (4)title (4)uncle (4)wild (4)wind (4)wine (4)adam (3)belong (3)bird (3)castle (3)deer (3)farmer (3)forgiving (3)george (3)goddess (3)jesus (3)marcus (3)opera (3)rose (3)sea (3)seventh (3)slender (3)terror (3)tragedy (3)trojan (3)universal (3)wisdom (3)actor (2)athens (2)brittany (2)christmas (2)cognate (2)comforter (2)destined (2)eighth (2)fast (2)grass (2)hanuman (2)island (2)jerusalem (2)mirror (2)month (2)ninth (2)northern (2)obedient (2)prefix (2)provider (2)rainbow (2)root (2)sacrifice (2)snake (2)suffix (2)tenth (2)thor (2)trust (2)truth (2)universe (2)vision (2)wolf (2)afro (1)anger (1)archangel (1)bald (1)boar (1)camel (1)cartoon (1)cloud (1)collector (1)comfort (1)composer (1)counts (1)direct (1)dog (1)eyes (1)fox (1)goat (1)grain (1)half (1)hart (1)herder (1)hun (1)jewish (1)kingdom (1)lawyer (1)lotus (1)macedonia (1)mary (1)merchant (1)metal (1)miracle (1)monkey (1)moor (1)nicholas (1)northumbria (1)orange (1)pagan (1)running (1)spoken (1)stern (1)storm (1)symbolic (1)tuesday (1)uk (1)visigoths (1)vow (1)wulf (1)yorkshire (1)See 193 moreSee less
Syllable
2 (885)3 (712)4 (420)1 (51)5 (48)6 (2)8 (1)See 2 moreSee less
hide variants (1662)
Clear All Selections
about | terms of use | privacy policy
Copyright © 2009-2020 Baby Names Pedia. All rights reserved.
Login With
Facebook
Google
Home
Articles
My Favorites