http://www.tegel.co.nz/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
1. Your Right to Privacy
Your right to privacy is very important. We recognise that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act responsibly. We believe this information should only be used to help us provide you with better service. That's why we have put a policy in place to protect your personal information.
In this Privacy Policy when we say “we”, “our”, “us” or “Tegel” we mean Tegel Foods Limited or its affiliates, and any reference to “you” or “your” refers to you.
When we use the term “personal information” we mean information that is about you or information that could be used to identify you.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or wish to access or amend any personal information that we hold about you, please email us at privacyofficer@tegel.co.nz.
2. Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
You accept this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection, use, disclosure, storage and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy when you access, browse, view or use our website (“Site”) or otherwise provide us with any of your personal information.
To keep pace with any legal, technological or operational requirements, we may amend and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting a revised version on our Site.
3. What personal information do we collect?
We may need to collect personal information about you, including when you enquire about our products, participate in a promotion or competition or make an order or purchase from us. The personal information that we collect may include your name, phone number, email address, postal or delivery address, or information about your credit history.
Generally, we will collect personal information directly from you, however in some circumstances we may collect information about you from another party, for example from a credit reporting agency to obtain information about your credit history.
We may also collect information that is sent to us by your computer, mobile device or other access device. The information that is sent to us may include your computer IP address, referral URL, geo-location and data about the web-pages that you access.
4. How we use personal information
When we collect personal information about you, we will use and disclose it in accordance with your specific instructions or consent, or in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including for the following purposes:
(a)           to provide you with our products;
(b)           to communicate with you (for example to provide customer support, or correspond with you about orders and deliveries);
(c)           to facilitate your use of the Site;
(d)           to perform credit checks or collect debts that you owe to us;
(e)           to facilitate your participation in any promotion or competition that you have entered;
(f)            to help us understand your needs, improve our products and conduct market and business analysis; and
(g)           to comply with any legal obligations.
Tegel may send you information about Tegel or its affiliated companies' products and promotions that we think may be of interest to you. If you would prefer not to receive such information, please let us know by emailing unsubscribe@tegel.co.nz.
5. Who we may disclose personal information to
Personal information that we collect about you will only be disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your personal information to:
(a)           our affiliated companies in connection with the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy;
(b)           our service providers that we have engaged to provide a service to us in relation to the Site or any product or service that we have agreed to provide you.  For example, we may share personal information with a service provider we have engaged to provide us with customer support services, marketing services, technology services or debt collection services;
(c)           credit reporting agencies;
(d)           courts, tribunals, and regulatory authorities; and/or
(e)           any other person or organisation that you have authorised us to disclose your information to.
6. Access, correction and retention of your personal information
You agree that any information you give to Tegel will be accurate, correct and up to date, and that when acting on behalf of a business or another person, you are authorised to give such information to us.
You must inform us if any of your personal information changes, to ensure that the details we hold about you are up to date and correct.
You are entitled to access the personal information we hold about you, and to request that we amend it if it is incorrect.
Tegel will retain your personal information for as long as it is required to achieve the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
7. Use of Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to store and track information about you when you are on our Site.  A cookie is a small data file that our Site may send to your computer.  Any such cookie is typically stored on your computer's hard drive and permits our Site to recognise you when you return to it.
Our use of cookies helps us to provide you with a better experience during your use of our Site by allowing us to understand what areas of the Site are of interest to you.  These cookies do not track your individual information.
8. Security of information
We do not make any warranties in relation to the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us and we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personal information where our security measures have been breached.
9. Links to other sites
Tegel may have links or references to other websites from our Site and our Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites.  Tegel takes no responsibility for the privacy practices of other websites, and we encourage you to review the applicable privacy policies of those third party websites.
10. Residents outside of New Zealand
Our Site can be accessed by people all over the world, in different countries with different laws. Other jurisdictions have different laws regarding the storage and use of your personal information. By visiting our Site and providing us with your personal information, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and otherwise in accordance with New Zealand law.