http://www.lsuagcenter.com/sitecore/content/lsuagcenter/portals/utilities/footer/privacy
Skip to Main Content
Home
Topics
4-H Youth Development
Environment & Natural Resources
Community
Livestock
Lawn & Garden
Food & Health
Crops
Family & Home
Money & Business
Services
AgSummary
Facilities
Labs
Apps
Blogs
Louisiana Ag Magazine
Shop
Flood Maps
Job Opportunities
Weather
Publications
Catalog
Louisiana Agriculture Magazine
Management Guides
Newsletters
Publications for Sale
The Stately Oak
News & Events
News & Media Center
Get It Growing
Events
About
About Us
Directory
Human Resource Management
Vice President and Dean's Office
College of Agriculture
Employment Opportunities
Extension
Professional Organizations
Research
Intellectual Property
Our offices
Parishes
Research Stations
Departments
College of Agriculture
Directory
Regions
Search
.
Search
Search
Search
PRODUCERS
CONSUMERS
RESEARCHERS
4-H
STORE
GIVE
Topics
4-H Youth Development
Environment & Natural Resources
Community
Livestock
Lawn & Garden
Food & Health
Crops
Family & Home
Money & Business
Services
AgSummary
Facilities
Labs
Apps
Blogs
Louisiana Ag Magazine
Shop
Flood Maps
Job Opportunities
Weather
Publications
Catalog
Louisiana Agriculture Magazine
Management Guides
Newsletters
Publications for Sale
The Stately Oak
News & Events
News & Media Center
Get It Growing
Events
About
About Us
Directory
Human Resource Management
Vice President and Dean's Office
College of Agriculture
Employment Opportunities
Extension
Professional Organizations
Research
Intellectual Property
Our Offices
Parishes
Research Stations
Departments
College of Agriculture
Directory
Regions
Home
SitesUtilitiesFooter
Viewer Privacy
Viewer Privacy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for lsuagcenter.com, a website of the Louisiana State University Agricultural Center (LSU AgCenter).
1. Information Collection and Use
The LSU AgCenter is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. The LSU AgCenter collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
1.1 Automatic Collection
If a user has not taken specific steps to anonymize their personal web traffic (e.g. apply mechanisms such as the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on that disable the collection of data for analytical purposes), official LSU AgCenter websites may collect certain information automatically. This information includes, but is not limited to:
User’s Internet protocol (IP) address
Internet service provider
Operating system
The time and date of the visit
Browser
The site from which the user visited
Cookie information (if applicable)
Any information collected automatically is not associated with any other information held by the LSU AgCenter (i.e. not linked with information voluntarily provided to the LSU AgCenter) unless the LSU Ag Center is required to do so by law.
1.2 Use
Website information that is gathered automatically is utilized to improve the understanding of how the LSU AgCenter websites are being leveraged by the user community. For example, the LSU AgCenter uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses “cookies” (i.e. files used to track website activity) to determine how users navigate the LSU AgCenter site. Google uses this cookie data for various purposes, including the evaluation of website use, reports on website activity, and other services. Please visit the following pages for more information on Google Analytics’ terms of use and Google’s privacy practices.
Our "Get It Growing" video player makes use of the YouTube API Services. Please visit the following pages for more information on YouTube's terms of service and privacy policy.
Any information submitted to the LSU AgCenter voluntarily in order to receive services and/or information will only be utilized to conduct official university business. the LSU AgCenter may disseminate voluntarily submitted information to third parties and offices/departments within the LSU AgCenter to the extent necessary in order to provide the requested services and/or information. the LSU AgCenter may also disseminate such information if required by applicable law-enforcement agencies.
The LSU AgCenter will not disclose any information submitted voluntarily for reasons other than mentioned above, without clear notice and the opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such uses. The LSU AgCenter will never sell or trade voluntarily submitted information to other entities unless a prior consent has been obtained and/or such information is being shared in response to a subpoena, court order, or legal process.
There is no legal requirement for a user to provide any information to the LSU AgCenter. However, without certain information, the LSU AgCenter websites and services may not function as intended and features may be inaccessible
2. Registration
In order to use certain areas of this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), and unique identifiers (such as social security number), but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
3. Order
We may request information from the user on some order forms. Here a user may provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
4. Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
5. Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
6. Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, The LSU AgCenter, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
7. Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to one of our newsletters, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
8. Surveys
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
9. Referrals
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. The LSU AgCenter will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. The LSU AgCenter stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. The friend may contact The LSU AgCenter by e-mail at web@agcenter.lsu.edu to request the removal of this information from their database.
10. Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.
11. Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
11/19/2015 5:01:17 PM
×
Viewer Privacy
Your Name
Your Email Address
Recipient's E-Mail Address
Comments
Rate This Article:
Rating
×
Thank you!
Your rating has been submitted.
Close
Have a question or comment about the information on this page?
Click here to contact us.
×
Email
Viewer Privacy
Name
Email address
Confirm Email address
City
State
- Select -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Parish
- Select Your Parish -
ACADIA
ALLEN
ASCENSION
ASSUMPTION
AVOYELLES
BEAUREGARD
BIENVILLE
BOSSIER
CADDO
CALCASIEU
CALDWELL
CAMERON
CATAHOULA
CLAIBORNE
CONCORDIA
DE SOTO
EAST BATON ROUGE
EAST CARROLL
EAST FELICIANA
EVANGELINE
FRANKLIN
FRANKLINTON
GRANT
IBERIA
IBERVILLE
JACKSON
JEFFERSON
JEFFERSON DAVIS
LAFAYETTE
LAFOURCHE
LASALLE
LINCOLN
LIVINGSTON
MADISON
MOREHOUSE
NATCHITOCHES
ORLEANS
OUACHITA
PLAQUEMINES
POINTE COUPEE
RAPIDES
RED RIVER
RICHLAND
SABINE
ST BERNARD
ST CHARLES
ST HELENA
ST JAMES
ST JOHN
ST LANDRY
ST MARTIN
ST MARY
ST TAMMANY
ST. LANDRY
TANGIPAHOA
TENSAS
TERREBONNE
UNION
VERMILION
VERNON
WASHINGTON
WEBSTER
WEST BATON ROUGE
WEST CARROLL
WEST FELICIANA
WINN
Subject
Comments
Innovate . Educate . Improve Lives
The LSU AgCenter and the LSU College of Agriculture
Top