https://www.more4kids.info/more4kidsinfo-privacy-policy/
HomeDonateMore at More4kids
Pregnancy Baby Education Health Safety Parenting Videos
NewsCategories
Adoption Addiction Parenting Cyber Bullying Family Foster Parenting Kids Activities Holidays Single Parenting Special Needs Teenagers Toddlers Videos
Kids MagazinesTeen Magazines
HomeDonateMore at More4kids
Pregnancy Baby Education Health Safety Parenting Videos
NewsCategories
Adoption Addiction Parenting Cyber Bullying Family Foster Parenting Kids Activities Holidays Single Parenting Special Needs Teenagers Toddlers Videos
Kids MagazinesTeen Magazines
Last Updated on 9/25/2010
This privacy statement covers the site https://www.more4kids.info . Because More4kids wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has created this privacy policy. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Kevin Heath using our contact form at https://www.more4kids.info/contact.
What this policy covers: This policy covers how More4Kids Inc. treats personal information that we receive, including information related to your past use of our services, as well as non-personalized information collected from our Web site www.more4kids.info.
Personal information is personal information about you, which is personally identifiable, such as your name, address, phone number, etc.
Our Commitment To Your Privacy
We respect our customers right to privacy. No Information given to us on this web site will be given out or sold, and will only be used for internal business purposes. All personal information, such as your name, postal, email address, payment information (i.e. credit card information etc), is private and confidential. Accordingly, the personal information which you provide is stored in a secure location, and accessible only by designated staff, and is used only for the purposes for which you provided the information (such as to process your order, reply to an email or brochure request, etc). In addition, all online orders (credit card info, etc) are additionally protected by being encrypted).
Personal information will NOT be released to third parties except to further the purpose for which you provided the information, such as processing of credit card charges, or released, unless required by law or is pertinent to judicial or government investigations or proceedings. There are no other circumstances under which we provide or sell personal information to third parties.
Our web site (https://www.more4kids.info) links to 3rd parties for products and information. Once you leave our site we have no control over and make no guarantee about the information given out to 3rd parties. Please review their privacy statements before completing any transactions.
More4kids.info also uses 3rd parties, such as Paypal, to process products we offer for sale. In such cases your information will be governed by their privacy policies.
At More4kids.info we offer forums and the ability to post responses to articles. All information posted in such manner will become public information and More4kids Inc will not guarantee the privacy of such information.
Furthermore, our web site tracks information about the visits to our web site. For example, we compile statistics to show the daily number of visitors to our site, the daily requests for particular files, what countries those request came from, etc. These aggregated statistics are used internally to better provide services to the public and may also be provided to others, however, these statistics contain NO personal information and cannot be used to gather such information
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on our web site (https://www.more4kids.info). On some pages you can order products, make brochure requests, or ask a question about or products or services. The types of information collected on these pages include:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone Number
Credit Card Information
Billing address
Shipping name and address
We also periodically run contests in which we collect information for the purpose of contacting the winner to award prizes.
The Ways we Use Information
More4Kids Inc does not sell, rent, or share personal information about you, our customer, with other people or non affiliated organizations.
We use the information provided by you when placing an order only to complete that order, or to fulfill your request for more information. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order, or as required by the law. This includes your personal information, or information provided about someone else. We use your return email address to answer the email we receive. If you request to be added to our store newsletter, or wish to receive special offers from us, your email address will be used in sending out this information. Please refer to the Choice/Opt out section below for removal from our newsletter and promotional emails. At any time you may ask to be removed from our newsletter or ask us to stop sending special offers. Such addresses are used only for these purposes and are not shared with any outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. The exception to this is information you post to our public forums or post in response to articles. In that case your information is no longer private and become public information anyone can use.
Our Commitment to Data Security
In order to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect and maintain. Simply email customer_service@more4kids.info, or call 864-760-0359.  Leave your name and number so we can call you back to verify your identity and change your personally identifiable information.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.  If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.
CHOICE/OPT-OUT Users who no longer wish to receive our promotional e-mails or newsletter may opt-out of receiving these communications by filling out our CONTACT FORM indicating that you no longer wish to receive promotional emails from us. On the contact form choose the option to unsubscribe and indicate your email address.
How to Contact Us
If there are any questions or concerns in regards to these privacy policies, we may be reached at:
More4Kids Inc.
PMB 105
1619 E. Greenville St.
Anderson, SC. 29621
Phone:  864-760-0359
email: customer_service@more4kids.info or use our CONTACT FORM