http://www.gardeningwithchildren.co.uk/legal/privacy.cfm
Skip to Page Content
Gardening with Children
Home
Gardening with Children Blog
Recycle Works Ltd Online Store
Site Map
Contact
Kids Zone
Fun & Games
Fascinating Facts
Competitions
Schools Zone
What to do this Term
Fact Sheets
Competitions
Latest News
National Curriculum
Funding Guide
Family Zone
Things to do this season
Fact Sheets
Competition
Latest News
Garden Shop
Ask an Expert
Our Blog
Keep up-to-date with our latest news & ideas. Join our mailing list:
Legal Information / Privacy Policy
Gardening with Children (part of The Recycle Works Limited) is committed to protecting your privacy, and we take our responsibilities regarding the security of user information very seriously. This Privacy Statement sets out how we comply with both UK and European Union data protection requirements. We have structured our website so that you can visit without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, it will be used only to process enquiries. For your protection, we are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and have given all appropriate notifications to the Information Commissioner. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law. You may ask that your details be removed from our system by writing to the address below.
What if you think we have incorrect information or you would like a copy of the information we hold about you?
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the address below or email us at info@recycleworks.co.uk:
Data Protection Compliance
The Recycle Works Limited
Unit 1 Bee Mill
Ribchester
Nr Longridge
PR3 3XJ
If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or email us as soon as possible to the above address. Any incorrect information will be corrected promptly.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Other Websites
This website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not have any control over any other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting other sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Statement. You should exercise caution and read the Privacy Statement applicable to the website in question.
Your consent
By using this website you consent to the collection and use of this information by us for the purposes described above. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and in what circumstances we disclose it.
Copyright © 2020 Gardening with Children
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Site By: Chamber Internet
Return to Top of Page