https://www.creditguard.org/privacy/
HomePrivacy Statement
Privacy Statement
We at CreditGUARD of America Inc. value you as a client and respect your right to privacy. We understand that maintaining the confidentiality of your financial situation is of the utmost importance to you, and that you have turned to us for help based upon our experience, competence, professionalism, and sense of responsibility. We want to make sure you understand what information we gather about you, how we use it, and the safeguards we have in place to protect it. We also want you to understand that, when you request our assistance you are asking us to intervene with your creditors on your behalf, and that the sharing of certain nonpublic information with them is a necessary part of the credit counseling process.
Our Principles for Privacy Protection
CreditGUARD of America Inc. does not share your financial information with any non-affiliated third parties other than those who help us provide assistance to you, and in turn are required to maintain such information in strict confidence. We will not rent or sell your name or certain personal financial information to any outside organization or marketer, who can provide additional assistance to you, as long as you exercise your “Opt-Out” rights. We further maintain security practices and procedures designed to ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of your personal financial information. And, we provide credit counseling services to educate our employees about safeguarding client information and preventing unauthorized access, disclosure or use, while limiting employee access to client information to those who need it to assist you.
What information do we disclose?
We may disclose the following kinds of nonpublic personal information about you:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms and from other communications with you, such as your name, address, financial account numbers, Social Security number, assets and income.
Information about your transactions with us, such as your account balance, monthly payment obligations, payment history, and method of payment.
Who do we disclose information to?
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our clients or former clients to anyone, except as permitted by law.
We may disclose nonpublic personal information about you to your financial service provider creditors such as banks, savings and loans, credit unions, mortgage bankers, finance companies, credit card debt help, issuers, affiliates and partners.
How do you Opt-Out?
CreditGUARD of America Inc. has many Marketing Partners that may offer services that will be useful to its clients. Some personal information may be shared with these Marketing Partners, unless the client chooses not to allow CreditGUARD to share this information. This is called Opting Out. If you do not want your information to be shared with CreditGUARD’s Marketing Partners, and wish to “Opt-Out,” you must either send an e-mail to customerservice@iwesh.com/creditguard or write to Customer Service, Dept. “Opt-Out,” 791 Park of Commercle Blvd., Suite 500, Boca Raton, Florida 33487. You must include your name, client number or phone number, and the words “Opt Out.” Further, state that you do not wish to have your personal information shared with our Marketing Partners.
How do we protect information?
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide assistance to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
Questions or Corrections
If you have any questions about our privacy policy and practices please call toll free:
1- 877- 435- 7373
or
1- 877- HELP- FREE
For corrections to any personal data in our files, please submit a written request to:
CreditGUARD of America
791 Park of Commerce Blvd. • Suite 500 • Boca Raton, Florida 33487
Note: Please be sure to include your name, current address, client identification number and/or phone number in all correspondence.
Learn how much you can save
Fill out the information below and one of our experts will contact you shortly.
Step 1 of 2
Lower My Payment
Almost Done!
Just a few more details to get started.
By providing your information, you consent and request to be contacted by CreditGuard and/or our member(s) to your phone, cell phone, email, text/SMS, and through the use of pre-recorded messages and automated dialing technology at the number(s) listed above even if your number provided on the form above is on a State, National or Corporate Do Not Call List. You are not required to purchase any goods and/or services. Standard carrier and messaging rates will apply.
Step 2 of 2
FollowFollowFollow
Find Debt Relief Today!
Call 800-500-6489
Learn how much you can save
Fill out the information below and one of our experts will contact you shortly.
Step 1 of 2
Lower My Payment
Almost Done!
Just a few more details to get started.
By providing your information, you consent and request to be contacted by CreditGuard and/or our member(s) to your phone, cell phone, email, text/SMS, and through the use of pre-recorded messages and automated dialing technology at the number(s) listed above even if your number provided on the form above is on a State, National or Corporate Do Not Call List. You are not required to purchase any goods and/or services. Standard carrier and messaging rates will apply.
Step 2 of 2
Find Debt Relief Today!
Call 1-800-500-6489
Certified Credit Counselors are available Monday - Friday 8:00 am - 8:00 pm Eastern.
Also See…
For more information on debt consolidation, please visit:
Why Choose CreditGuard? Learn what sets our debt consolidation services apart from the rest and how we can help you take control of your debt.
The Ultimate Debt Survival Guide. Need some practical advice for dealing with debt? You’ve come to the right place. This free downloadable guide can teach you the basics of managing debt (and more).
Is Debt Settlement a Good Idea? Debt settlement and debt consolidation are not the same. Learn more about the process (and consequences) of settling your debts before going down that path.
Home
Debt Solutions
Debt Management
Debt Consolidation
Credit Counseling
Areas We Serve
Financial Literacy
Free Calculators
Credit Card Debt
Credit Management
Debt Collection
Debt Settlement
Student Loan Debt
The Frugal Family: Resources and Tips
Media Center
Blog
About
Contact
Our Process
Testimonials
FAQs
Associations
Community Services
Privacy Policy
CreditGUARD of America
Customer Service: 800-500-6489
791 Park of Commerce Blvd - Suite 500
Boca Raton, FL 33487
FollowFollowFollowFollow