https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2013/06/ftc-approves-final-order-settling-charges-bosley-inc-illegally
Skip navigation
You are hereHome » News & Events » Press Releases » FTC Approves Final Order Settling Charges that Bosley, Inc., Illegally Exchanged Competitively Sensitive Business Information With Hair Club
FTC Approves Final Order Settling Charges that Bosley, Inc., Illegally Exchanged Competitively Sensitive Business Information With Hair Club
June 5, 2013
Share This Page
Facebook
Twitter
Linked-In
For Your Information
Tags:
Health Care
Health Professional Services
Bureau of Competition
Competition
Nonmerger
Following a public comment period, the Federal Trade Commission has approved a final order settling charges that Bosley, Inc., illegally exchanged competitively sensitive, nonpublic information about its business practices with one of its competitors, HC (USA), Inc., commonly known as Hair Club. Bosley is a wholly owned subsidiary of Aderans America Holdings, Inc.  In settling the FTC’s charges, Bosley has agreed not to communicate such information in the future, and will institute an antitrust compliance program.
The Commission vote approving the final settlement order was 3-0, with Commissioner Joshua Wright recused.  The order can be found on the FTC’s website and as a link to this press release. (FTC File No. 121 0184, Docket No. 1564624; the staff contact is Justin Stewart-Teitelbaum, Bureau of Competition, 202-326-3597.)
The FTC’s Bureau of Competition works with the Bureau of Economics to investigate alleged anticompetitive business practices and, when appropriate, recommends that the Commission take law enforcement action.  To inform the Bureau about particular business practices, call 202-326-3300, send an e-mail to antitrust{at}ftc{dot}gov, or write to the Office of Policy and Coordination, Bureau of Competition, Federal Trade Commission, 601 New Jersey Ave., N.W., Room 7117, Washington, DC 20001.  To learn more about the Bureau of Competition, read Competition Counts.  Like the FTC on Facebook, follow us on Twitter, and subscribe to press releases for the latest FTC news and resources.
Contact Information
MEDIA CONTACT:
Office of Public Affairs 202-326-2180
Related Cases
Bosley, Inc., Aderans America Holdings, Inc., and Aderans Co., Ltd.
Media Resources
Health Care Competition
Competition in the Health Care Marketplace
Utility menuContact
Stay Connected
Privacy Policy
FTC en español
About the FTC
What We Do
Our History
Commissioners
Bureaus & Offices
Biographies
Budgets
Performance
Office of Inspector General
FOIA
Careers at the FTC
Office of EEO and Workplace Inclusion
News & Events
Press Releases
Commission Actions
Media Resources
Events Calendar
Speeches
Audio/Video
Social Media
Blogs
Contests
Enforcement
Cases and Proceedings
Data and Visualizations
Premerger Notification Program
Merger Review
Anticompetitive Practices
Rules
Statutes
Guidance Documents
Warning Letters
Consumer Sentinel Network
Criminal Liaison Unit
Policy
Advocacy
Advisory Opinions
Cooperation Agreements
Federal Register Notices
Reports
Public Comments
Studies
Testimony
Policy Statements
International
Hearings on Competition & Consumer Protection
Tips & Advice
For Consumers
For Military Consumers
Business Center
Competition Guidance
I Would Like To...
Report Fraud to the FTC
Apply for a Refund in an FTC Case
Report Identity Theft
List a Number on the National Do Not Call Registry
Get a Free Copy of My Credit Report
File a Comment
Report An Antitrust Violation
File Documents in Adjudicative Proceedings
Site Information
Privacy Policy
Website Policy
No FEAR Act
USA.gov
Accessibility
Digital Government Strategy
Open Government
Information Quality
Small Business Non-Retaliation Policy
Federal Trade CommissionHeadquarters:
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20580Contact Us
FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInStay Connected
Stay Connected with the FTC