http://www.campbellsoup.co.uk/cookie-policy
Campbell Foods UK Ltd (“Campbell Foods UK”, "us", "we", or "our") uses cookies on its websites ("Sites"). By using our Sites or clicking Accept, you consent to the use of such cookies.
Our Cookies Notice explains what cookies are, what types of cookies we may use on our Sites, and how to avoid or delete cookies.
Please see our Privacy Notice for information on how we handle the personal information we collect on our Sites.
What are Cookies?
A cookie is a text file we may transfer to your hard drive through your web browser when you visit our Sites.
Cookies allow us to recognize you when you visit the Site and therefore help us improve our service to you by remembering your preferences.
Cookies may also be used to compile aggregate information about use of our sites, for example, the areas of our Sites which are visited most frequently.
This aggregate information can be used to enhance the content of our Sites and make your use of them easier.
Some cookies (session cookies) are stored in a browser session and they will be deleted when the browser is closed. Other cookies (persistent cookies) are stored for a certain period and will self-delete at the expiration of this period or earlier, if you take action to delete them from your browser.
Types of cookies being used on our Sites
Google Analytics: This persistent cookie measures traffic on the Site allowing us to know where a visitor to our Site came from (e.g., search engine, keyword, link), number of visits, time of first visit, and how long the visitor spends on our Site. Click here for an overview of privacy at Google. Google may store the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
PHPSESSID: This session cookie is used to improve the user experience on the Site by informing us whether a visitor has been to the Site before.
Location related: These cookies tell us about your location, by using your IP address, so that we may be able to serve more relevant content to you during your visit to a Site.
We may work with third parties to perform the aforementioned services for us, so our digital marketing and technical suppliers may have access to this information as they help us improve user experience on our Site.
How to delete or refuse cookies?
You can delete cookies or configure your browser to refuse cookies in the settings of your browser.
Consult the help options your particular browser offers for more information on how to delete or configure your settings to refuse cookies on such browser.
For example:
Internet Explorer 8.0+:
Go to "Tools" in the menu bar and click on "Internet Options"
Click on "Privacy" Tab
Select the "Block all the Cookies" setting
Firefox 4.0+:
Go to "Tools" in the menu bar
Click on "Options"
Click on "Privacy Tab"
Disable the "Tell websites I do not want to be tracked" box
Google Chrome:
Go to "Tools Menu"
Click on "Settings"
Click on "Advanced Settings"
Click on "Privacy/Content Settings."
Select "Block third party cookies and site data"
Safari 5.0:
Choose Safari > Preferences and click "Security."
In the "Accept Cookies" section, specify if and when Safari should accept cookies from websites. For an explanation of options, click Help.
For more detailed information about and on how to control cookies, you may wish to visit www.allaboutcookies.orgIf you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use certain features offered on a website.
Further information and avenue for complaint
Should you have any questions about the use of cookies on our Sites, need further information or want to complain about the use of cookies on our Sites, please send an email to privacy@campbellsoup.co.uk or write to us at Campbell Foods UK Ltd, 1 Princeton Mews, 167-169 London Road, Kingston Upon Thames, Surrey, United Kingdom, KT2 6PT.
Accept cookies from this site
This website uses cookies to track your behavior and to improve your experience on the site.
You can always delete saved cookies by visiting the advanced settings of your browser.
Do not accept
Accept
Why Not Follow Us?
Twitter
Facebook
Follow usXClose