https://www.cesisolutions.org/privacy-policy/
be_ixf;ym_202012 d_10; ct_50be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.26https://www.cesisolutions.org/privacy-policy/https://www.cesisolutions.org/privacy-policy/
(866) 484-5373
English
English Spanish
Text Size A A A
Toggle navigation
CESI Services Non-Profit Credit CounselingDebt ConsolidationFinancial EducationBankruptcy CounselingHousing Counseling ServicesHomeownership CounselingNorth Carolina Down Payment Assistance ProgramsReverse Mortgage CounselingScheduled Housing WorkshopsStudent Loan Repayment SolutionsWhat We DoResources CESI Customer AppBankruptcy Resource CenterCESI Challenge SeriesCESI’s Comprehensive Guide To Personal FinanceCESI Financial BlogCredit and Debt Resource CenterFrequently Asked QuestionsFinancial CalculatorsVideo ResourcesPlanning & SavingAbout Us Board of DirectorsManagement TeamCESI ReviewsNews and PressAnnual ReportCommunity PartnersBlogContact USClient Login
×Debt Management Clients Login Here
Email is required.
Password is required.
Forgot Password?
Close
×Request Call Back Please complete the form below and a certified counselor will contact you shortly.
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Confirm Email *
Cell Phone *
Best Time to Call
12010203040506070809101100153045AMPMESTCSTPST
Notes
Cancel
×Request Call Back
Close
×Forgot Password
Email is required.
Close
Privacy Policy
CESI > Privacy Policy
Get Debt Consolidation Options
Call Now! (866) 484-5373
Notice of Privacy StatementAt Consumer Education Services, Inc. (CESI), we want to be sure that you get superior service and quality products. We are concerned about the privacy of your personal information. We are sending you this notice to help you understand how we may collect non-public personal information about you, the type of information we may collect, and what information we may disclose about you.The same rules apply to former customers as apply to current customers. When we use the terms “non-public personal information,” we mean personally identifiable information that is not publicly available, such as your name, address, phone number, social security number, credit score and credit history, and credit card information and balances.Sources of Non-public Person Information We CollectInformation we receive from you on applications or other forms over the Internet or telephone.Information we receive about your debts from your creditors and others that may have a relationship with your or your creditors.Information regarding your credit history that we receive from a consumer reporting agency.Information We DiscloseSharing Information with Our Affiliates: Unless you tell us not to (called “opt out”), we may share all of the non-public personal information we collect, as described above, with companies in our corporate family (called “affiliates”). Our future affiliates may include financial service providers, such as other non-profit credit counseling agencies.
Sharing Information with Non-affiliated Third Parties: Unless you tell us not to (called “opt out”), we may share all of the non-public personal information we collect, as described above, with non-affiliated companies outside our corporate family. We will share this information when we believe these other companies are able to extend services or products that might be of value to you. These other companies may be financial service providers (such as insurance agents).
We also may disclose any non-public personal information to anyone as permitted by law. For example, we disclose information about you to third parties with your consent or at your direction or if disclosure is necessary to effect, administer, or enforce your transaction with us. For example, we will share your non-public personal information with your creditors and service providers that assist us with the functions that we provide on your behalf pursuant to your debt management plan or other service for which you have engaged us. In addition, we may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, to companies that perform services and functions, including marketing services, on our behalf and we may disclose some of this information to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements.Protection of Your InformationWe restrict access to non-public personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your non-public personal information.How to Opt Out (Direct Us Not to Share Certain Information)Opt Out for Nonaffiliated Third Parties: If you prefer that we not share information with companies outside our corporate family, you may direct us not to share information by calling us toll free at 1-800-498-2983. An opt out by one consumer will be treated as an opt out for all joint consumers for the same product, account, or service you have with us. Note: Even if you direct us not to share information with companies outside our corporate family, we may disclose non-public personal information as permitted by law and to companies that perform services and functions, including marketing services, on our behalf. We also may disclose some of this information to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements.
Opt Out for Affiliates: If you prefer that we not share information with our corporate affiliates, you may direct us not to share information by calling us toll free at 1-800-498-2983. An opt out by one consumer will be treated as an opt out for all joint consumers for the same product, account, or service you have with us. Note: Even if you direct us not to share information with our affiliates, we may still share with our affiliate’s information about our direct experiences and transactions with you as permitted by law.Technical Information We CollectIn order for us to ensure that we are providing the best possible consumer experience on the Website, we collect and track certain user information through Google Analytics. When you visit the Website, our web server sends a cookie to your computer. This cookie stores a limited amount of information about your site visit. The cookie tracks aggregate information on how our site is being used, including session counts, navigation patterns, pages visited, etc. These cookies, however, do not store any personally identifiable information such as your name, e-mail address or phone. Our Google Analytics usage includes certain features related to Display Advertising and Google Analytics Demographics and interest reporting. To learn how Google uses the data they collect, visit the Google Privacy Policy. If you prefer not to receive Google Analytics Display Advertising, visit Google to opt out by adjust your Ad Settings.Information We Receive from You via SubmissionsIf you enter your email address, name, and phone number requesting more information about CESI’s programs, we may use your information to send you a welcome email, electronic newsletters and contact you about products, services, information, and news that may be of interest to you. In addition, if you become a registered user of this website, we may send you related information via email.If you prefer that we do not send you email communications, you may opt out of those services at any time—that is you may direct us not to use your email address as part of our marketing efforts. If you wish to opt out of email communications, you may do so by emailing unsubscribe@cesisolutions.org, by replying to an existing email with your request to be removed from the mailing list or using the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email.For Vermont Residents:Under Vermont law, we will not share information we collect about Vermont residents with companies outside of our supporting organizations, unless the law allows. For example, we may share information with your consent, to service you accounts or under joint marketing agreements with other financial institutions with which we have joint marketing agreements. We may share information about our transactions or experiences with you with our supporting organizations without your consent.Policy ChangeWe reserve the right to change our privacy policy and this privacy notice from time to time. We will notify you in writing of significant changes to our privacy policies and will prominently post the current version of our privacy policy on our website. Until we obtain your consent, we will continue to handle your non-public personal information in the same manner as when we initially collected it from you.
Start My Debt Analysis
OUR MISSIONConsumer Education Services, Inc. empowers people to overcome their financial challenges and lead financially-healthy lives.OUR SERVICESDebt ConsolidationFinancial EducationHomeownership CenterView More of Our Services »CESI is NOT A LOAN COMPANYFinancial Information about this organization and a copy of its license are available from the State Solicitation Licensing Branch at 919-814-5400. The license is not an endorsement by the State. Contact UsCall Us: (866) 484-5373
Follow Us
CareersResourcesPrivacyTermsDisclosuresConsumer Education Services, Inc. ©
2020
×
Get Debt Consolidation Options
Call Now! (866) 484-5373Start Your Free Debt AnalysisFirst Name*Last Name*Email*Cell Phone*Subscribe Now
Subscribe to our weekly blog digest
or
Continue Saved Analysis
By entering my information above and clicking "Get Started," I consent to be contacted via email, phone and text, including my wireless phone number, by Consumer Education Services, Inc. using automated technology. I understand I am under no obligation to purchase.
Trustpilot
×Non-Standard CharactersPlease use standard letters, numbers, and punctuation only.
Ok!