http://www.connecting-with-nature.net/cookie-policy/
Privacy Statement
Site: http://www.connecting-with-nature.net
URL: http://www.connecting-with-nature.net
Virginia Tech has created this privacy statement in order demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
Information Automatically Logged
This site logs no information about its visitors.
Personal Information
This site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted.
Since we do not collect any personal information on this site, we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Log file access is restricted to system administrators while stored on the server.
Log files are rotated regularly and archived in a secure location.
Users should also consult Virginia Tech’s policy on Acceptable Use.http://www.vt.edu/about/acceptable-use.html
Virginia Tech complies with all statutory and legal requirements with respect to access to information.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact
mcquade@connecting-with-nature.net
Search for:
Recent Posts
Benefits of Property Management | Zillow Rental Manager
This news is good if you’re a homeowner. Not so if you’re planning on buying
Is It A Good Idea To Refinance Your Mortgage? | HashChing
Homelessness and the Failure of Urban Renewal | Ryan McMaken
When It Makes Sense and How to Do It
Categories
Builder News
First Time Home Buyer News
Home Insurance
Mortgage News
Refinance News
Archives
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
Cookie Policy - Terms of Service
^