http://www.bigpicturebigsound.com/privacy.shtml
Big Picture Big Sound
About Us |
Contact Us |
Shop With Us |
Site Map
Toggle navigation
Home
Movies
Technology
Blu-ray Disc
Where Movies and Technology Meet
Site Search:
Privacy Matters: Big Picture Big Sound
Privacy Statement
Big Picture Big Sound is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your information will be treated as you make full use of our Web site. This policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically.
IP Addresses and Cookies
Big Picture Big Sound currently identifies IP addresses and cookies (from visitors who allow cookies) in order to collect demographic and statistical information about visitors to our web site. This method does not store any personally identifiable information about you or share information with any third parties. We simply use it to track the number of visitors to our Web site, how these visitors found us and which pages are most popular on our Web site.
Forum and Newsletter
Those visitors who sign up for our newsletter(s) and/or discussion forums will need to provide a valid e-mail address in order to receive newsletters or post messages in our discussion forums.  This information is not shared with any third party.
E-mails to "Ask The Expert"
Visitors submitting questions to our staff via e-mail agree to have their first name and first initial of last name used in the article (if accepted for publication).  Your e-mail address will not be posted or published in any form for these questions.
Outside Links
This site contains links to other Web sites. Big Picture Big Sound is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those Web sites.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us at info@bigpicturebigsound.com.
Back to top
Explore Big Picture Big Sound
Movies
Reviews
High Fives
News
Links
Editorials
Technology
Ask The Expert
Reviews
Accessories
Blu-ray, DVD Players
DVD Recorders, DVR, PVR
HDTV, Televisions, Projectors
Headphones
Home Theater in a Box (HTiB)
Media Players, HTPC
Preamps, Amps, Processors
Satellite Radio
Receivers, Switchers
Services
Speakers
Universal Remotes
How To
News and Show Reports
Links
Manufacturers
Deals
Blu-ray Disc and DVD
Blu-ray 3D Reviews
Blu-ray Disc Reviews
DVD Reviews
Sweepstakes
And more...
About Us
Contact Us
Shop With Us
Site Map
Search
View all articles
Last Updated: 2019-05-24 17:19:00
All ratings out of four stars |
Privacy Statement |
Online Shopping
© 2005-2013 Big Picture Big Sound. No use or reprinting of content without permission.
Some movie photos courtesy of imdb.com.
Big News
Newsletter Sign-up
Email:
Name:
Deals
Newsletter
Connect with Us