https://www.irrigationtutorials.com/legal.htm
Website Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy:
Effective February 1, 2008. Last updated April 28, 2018.
This website is intended for use by residents of North America only.
Why we collect information on users. Information we automatically collect is used to improve our website and to customize it to the individual user. Information you voluntarily provide (such as your email address, comments, and questions) is used to improve the website, answer your questions, communicate with you, insure that you are a real person (as opposed to a robot program), and assist you.
Information automatically collected, possibly without your knowledge (non-personal information).
We use cookies to track your use of our website. This provides us with user statistics which we use to improve our website.
Cookies may also be used to log you into membership areas of the website and to deliver customized content to you.
We receive and record information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, some of your software and hardware attributes, and the webpage you are requesting.
In most cases this information is automatically sent by your Internet browser to every website you visit.
Information we collect, with your knowledge (personal information).
If you register with us, we collect and record a Username, Password, and your email address.
If you submit a link request we collect and record a Username, Password, and your email address.
If you send us a payment we may also collect a email address and record a mailing/shipping address.
If you send a question or comment to us we collect an email address and any information about you that you may choose to disclose in your message.
Email messages to and from us may or may not be archived on our computers.
Email Address Security.
Do NOT use a private or sensitive email address when contacting us or registering on our website. When providing us with an email address you agree to use an email address that does not represent a security risk to you if disclosed.
If our website or support computers are hacked, violated, broken into, etc. it is possible and probable that the email address you provide to us will be compromised and/or stolen.
By submitting your email address to us, you agree that our liability for damages incurred by you in relation to the theft or use of your email address from us will not exceed the monetary value that you paid or donated to us for services rendered.
Users 17 years old and under. The content of this website is not directed at children under the age of 18. Some material on this website may not be suitable for children. Children under the age of 18 should only use this website under the supervision of a parent or guardian.
Who we share your information with.
The website managers, the company that owns this website and employees of that company may have access to the information we collect.
We will respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process and provide this information when required, we will also use it to defend ourselves against legal claims if needed.
We utilize a website hosting company to maintain the Internet servers for this website.
We have noticed that the website hosting company sets it's own cookies (using our website name) when you visit our site, and they may have access to some information collected, particularly the information automatically collected.
How to change your personal information records.
You can't change your non-personal information, however you can delete the connection between it and your computer.
To delete it simply delete the cookies for this website and our advertisers from your computer.
You may email us to request a change to any of your personal information.
See the contact information on our home page. We do not honor requests to delete email messages we receive, such messages may or may not be archived.
Changes to our privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy will be posted at this website.
We generally do not send out email notices of changes.
Copyright Restrictions:
Unless otherwise noted, all of the content of this website is copyrighted by Jess Stryker. All rights reserved. The content of this website may not be modified in any way, published, displayed on a web-site other than this one, or sold in any form (printed or electronic), without the specific, written permission of Jess Stryker. Brief quotations may be used as allowed under copyright law. In such cases we request that the author is credited and the URL of the website is mentioned.
Educational Use:
Non-profit educational institutions are encouraged to use and distribute our website content to registered students in a traditional classroom setting.
This policy does not permit posting the content on the Internet for on-line courses or other use.
For online use please link directly to the content on our website from your online material.
No royalties are required for non-profit educational use.
You may print copies of our content for student use.
A printing reimbursement fee may be charged to students for printed copies, provided the fee does not exceed the actual cost of printing. We have designed our website so that in most cases the ads on our pages will not show up on printed copies, so you don't need to worry about advertisement conflict issues.
If you use our content in an educational setting, as a professional courtesy you are asked to let us know. Many schools, colleges, and universities use content from our website, so you are in good company. See the contact information on our home page. Thank you.
Purpose of Copyright Restrictions:
The purpose of our copyright restrictions is to maintain the integrity of the website and insure that anyone who makes a financial profit from our content pays royalties to the author.
Agreement:
By use of any or all of the information on this website you agree to be bound by the following sections titled; Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability Agreement, Certifications, Guarantees and Warranties, Dispute Resolution, Reviews, Geographic location, and Governmental Regulation.
If you do not agree, you must leave this website immediately and not utilize any of the content contained in it.
DISCLAIMER:
USE OF ALL MATERIALS ON THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING THE CONTENT OF REPLIES TO YOUR COMMENTS OR QUESTIONS, IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK! THE INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ARISING FROM THE COURSE OF DEALING BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND USAGE OF TRADE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE OF THE CONTENT, INSTRUCTIONS, AND INFORMATION IS ASSUMED BY THE USER. THE AUTHOR WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR SIMILAR DAMAGES DUE TO LOSS OF INFORMATION OR DATA, LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, INJURY, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES, EVEN IF THE AUTHOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR'S LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES EVER EXCEED THE PRICE PAID TO THE AUTHOR FOR THE CONTENT OR INFORMATION, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE CLAIM.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUDING WARRANTIES OR LIMITING LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. AS A RESULT, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND/OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. SOME JURISDICTIONS HAVE STATUTORY CONSUMER PROVISIONS WHICH MAY SUPERSEDE SECTIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
Limitation of Liability Agreement:
To the maximum extent permitted by law, you agree to waive any claims against Jess Stryker and Jess Stryker & Associates (JS/JSA) arising out of the provision of information to you, except for the sole negligence or willful misconduct of Jess Stryker or Jess Stryker & Associates.
In recognition of the relative risks, rewards and benefits of the content to both you and JS/JSA, the risks have been allocated such that you agree to the fullest extent permitted by law, that JS/JSA's total liability to you for any and all injuries, damages, claims, losses, expenses, or claim expenses arising out of this service from any cause or causes, shall not exceed $100.00.
Such causes include, but are not limited to, negligence, errors, omissions, strict liability, breach of contract or breach of warranty.
Certifications, Guarantees and Warranties:
You understand and agree that Jess Stryker and Jess Stryker & Associates (JS/JSA) is not certifying, guaranteeing, or warranting anything.
Dispute Resolution:
You and Jess Stryker and Jess Stryker & Associates (JS/JSA) both agree to non-binding mediation as a first step of any dispute between us.
Reviews
Product and service reviews are the opinions of the author of the reviews.
They are not based on scientific research, but are based on personal observation, personal experience, and input from others who have used the products and services.
The reviews are also likely to be somewhat biased in accordance with the background and attitudes of the author at the time they were written.
Geographic location
The information included on our website (including reviews and any technical support) are based on conditions found in the western U.S.A..
Although the principles and information included are generally valid anywhere, they may not be appropriate for use in all areas. The user of the information assumes all responsibility for determining the suitability of the principles and information for the intended use.
Governmental Regulation
The information on this website is not intended to provide site-specific landscape architectural, irrigation consulting, or design services.
It is not possible to know or comply with the various rules and regulations of each jurisdiction where this website may be accessed.
Some jurisdictions regulate the provision of information or services and it is possible that some might consider answering questions, providing reviews, or even the articles on this website to be subject to those regulations. Therefore, use of this website is prohibited, and you are prohibited from seeking advice from the author, in any location where such use would violate any local law or ordinance.
End