http://www.usbg.gov/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
The U.S. Botanic Garden website is provided as a public service by the Architect of the Capitol. This notice provides the U.S. Botanic Garden policy regarding the nature, purpose, use and sharing of any information collected via this website. The information you provide on the USBG website will be used only for its intended purpose.Information presented on this site is considered public information and may be distributed or copied unless otherwise specified. Use of appropriate byline/photo/image from this website should be credited to "U.S. Botanic Garden."For site management, the following usage information is collected for statistical purposes about your visit to usbg.gov: the name of the Internet domain from which you access usbg.gov and the date and time that you access the site. This government computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications and identifying system performance or problem areas.For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and subject to prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and Title 18 U.S.C. Sec.1001 and 1030. Information also may be used for authorized law enforcement investigations.Cookies may be used on usbg.gov to improve the user experience and for basic web metrics. For the purpose of enabling better website design and a better user experience, we employ Google Analytics (a web service by Google, Inc.) to track site traffic and provide aggregate reports of how the public interacts with usbg.gov. Users who do not wish to have their visit information collected by Google Analytics may opt-out by downloading a browser extension or by disabling cookies in their browser settings.For some videos that are visible on usbg.gov, a session cookie may be set by third party providers when you click to play a video. This session cookie is used by some third party providers to help maintain the integrity of video statistics.Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with applicable Federal laws and guidelines.If you have any questions or comments about the information presented here, please forward them to usbg@aoc.gov.
PrinterPDF