http://www.diamondreview.com/misc/privacy
consumer guidance. we do not sell jewelry.
HOME
FORUM
DIAMOND FINDER
JEWELER REVIEWS
FAQs
COUPONS
TUTORIALS
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 2010-07-19
Diamond Review values and respects your privacy.
We stand united with many other responsible websites AGAINST "SPAMMING" and other intrusive mass-marketing tactics.
We collect the following categories of personally identifiable information:
1. The IP address of any computer/network you use to access this web site.
2. If you wish to post messages on the forum, we will collect your email address and username prior to allowing you to post any such messages.
We will not disclose your personally-identifying information to any third party without your opt-in permission. The exceptions: 1) when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, subpoena, court order, law enforcement, or other legal process, 2) if you conduct a prohibited activity as set forth in our Terms of Service, in which case we may disclose your personal information to enforcement organizations or affected third parties, 3) our service providers (such as web hosting, etc.), and 4) if the website is acquired by a third party, in which case we will make a reasonable effort to contractually require the acquirer to treat your personally-identifying information in a manner that is similar to this Privacy Policy.
E-mails you receive from us will generally fall under the following three categories:
1) Verification of personal information to allow us to open your account or reset your password, 2) At your request during registration, we may e-mail you our newsletter, and 3) At your request when using our forum, we will e-mail you when someone posts a reply to your questions or similar forum functions.
Please be aware that this website includes functionality that lets you publicly post freeform messages and other content, including information that may be used by others to identify you personally. For example, the public profile function in the forum area allows you to voluntarily post your name, birthday, photographs, and other personal information. Likewise, while we discourage doing so, it is certainly possible for you to post your own email address or other personal information in a public message in the forum. Any personal information voluntarily posted in a public area is expressly excluded from this Privacy Policy.
This web site collects personally identifiable information on behalf of FindMyJeweler.com. The FindMyJeweler area is clearly labeled. Any information collected in the FindMyJeweler area is excluded from this Privacy Policy, and is separately governed by the FindMyjeweler Privacy Policy and Terms of Service (pertinent links can be found in the FindMyJeweler area).
This privacy policy is located at http://www.diamondreview.com/misc/privacy, and you may visit that URL to be notified of material changes.
This privacy policy is effective as of the date shown above.
We are committed to the ever-increasing flow of free information on the Internet, while being respectful about your privacy.
Should you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please send us a message by clicking on the "Contact Us" link at the bottom of every page of this site.
Thank you for visiting.
The Diamond Review Team
© Diamond Review
About Diamond Review |
Info for Jewelers |
Terms |
Privacy |
Contact Us