https://www.flower-gardening-made-easy.com/privacy-policy.html
Flower GardeningHome
What's New
About This Site
Contact Info
Know-HowGarden Design
Garden Care Tips
Garden Calendar
PlantsAnnuals
Perennials
Flowering Bulbs
Ornamental Grasses
Climbing Vines
Roses
Trees and Shrubs
Wildflowers
Garden TipsSeed Starting
Container Garden Ideas
Herb Gardening
Shade Garden Tips
Water Gardening
Rock Garden Ideas
Garden ShoppingBuy Plants Online
Save Money on Plants
Store - Amazon Deals
MorePrivacy Policy
About Me
About My Garden
Creating This Site
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.flower-gardening-made-easy.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
If you complete a form, we will require your name and your email address, and will ask for information relevant to the purpose of the form.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Refusing Cookies
You can set your browser to accept or refuse all cookies automatically, or notify you when a cookie is being requested. Taking this action should not cause a problem with the continued use of our site. Consult the Help section of your browser for guidance on how to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is requested.
If you choose to refuse this website’s cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Security Logs
The IP address of visitors, user ID of logged in users, and username of login attempts are conditionally logged to check for malicious activity and to protect the site from specific kinds of attacks. Examples of conditions when logging occurs include login attempts, log out requests, requests for suspicious URLs, changes to site content, and password updates. This information is retained for 14 days.
Ezoic Data Collection and Consent Management
This site uses the Ezoic platform for analytics, personalization, advertising, web hosting, and consent management.
Ezoic’s privacy policy is available at https://g.ezoic.net/privacy/flower-gardening-made-easy.com
Google Analytics Cookies
We uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics collects demographic and interest data, and generates statistical and other information about website use, by means of cookies. These cookies are kept on your computer. We share this information with Google, which will store and use this information on its servers. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://policies.google.com/privacy
We use information from Google Analytics to track the number of visits to the website, browsers and operating systems. No personally identifiable information is obtained from these cookies. We use the information that Google Analytics generates relating to our website to create reports about the use of the site. These reports allow us to update the site and improve your usage of it.
If you do not wish your data to be collected via Google Analytics, you can install its opt-out browser extension or add-on… https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Advertising Cookies
We use third-party advertising companies Adsense, Ezoic, and Amazon.com to serve ads on our website. These companies use cookies and web beacons in their ads to ascertain how many times you’ve seen an advertisement. We share this information with these companies, but do not provide them with any personally identifiable information for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information from our website.
You may opt out of personalized ads for over 125 different ad networks. Click here to do that.
Some third-party advertisements are served by Google. Google’s cookie enables it to serve ads to our visitors based on their visits to other sites on the Web. You may opt out of personalized ads by visiting the Google ad opt-out page https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
This link from Google provides more information about how Google manages data in its ad products. https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Affiliate Products and Services
We receive an affiliate commission for some of the products/services sold on this website.
The affiliate services platforms we use are Amazon and Create Space.
By clicking on an Amazon or Create Space link, you consent to that platform’s use of cookies, as outlined in the link below.
Social Media
This site lets you share content with your friends and followers on various social media platforms. Below are links to the privacy policies of Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, and Google+.
Twitter privacy policy
Facebook privacy policy
Pinterest privacy policy
Google+ privacy policy
Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our site.
To display content on the site correctly.
To improve customer service.
To help us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize your user experience.
To understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
To improve our site.
To improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature.
To send information to you that you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
To send periodic emails, which may include electronic newsletters and/or autoresponder series of emails.
To respond to your enquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
We may collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our site, register on the site, or fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site.
Specifically, if you subscribe to our newsletter, we will ask for your first name and will require your email address.
If you complete a form, we will require your name and your email address, and will ask for information relevant to the purpose of the form.
Who we share your data with
This site is scanned for potential malware and vulnerabilities by Sucuri’s SiteCheck. We do not send personal information to Sucuri; however, Sucuri could find personal information posted publicly (such as in comments) during their scan. For more details, please see
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Security logs are retained for 14 days.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
This site is part of a network of sites that protect against distributed brute force attacks. To enable this protection, the IP address of visitors attempting to log into the site is shared with a service provided by ithemes.com. For privacy policy details, please see the
Non-personally Identifiable Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you interact with our site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your method of connecting to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider you used, and other similar information.
Children’s Privacy Protection
This website is directed to adults. It is not directed to children under the age of 16. We operate our site in compliance with current regulations. Anyone under the age of 16 must have a parent or guardian provide consent to use this site. We do not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 16 years of age.
Release of Information
If we sell this website, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale so that the service provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make.
Updates and Effective Date
We reserve the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our cookie and privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that those practices have changed and provide a link to the updated privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to the privacy policy as posted here on this website, please do not consent to the setting of cookies and the collection and storage of your personally identifiable information.
Your explicit consent indicates acceptance of this privacy policy in its entirety.
Last updated: 10/08/2018
Our contact information
Sharing is caring!TwitterFacebookPinterestemail
Search Here:
Social
More Info
Flower Gardening
Home
What’s New
About This Site
Contact Info
Know-How
Garden Design
Garden Care Tips
Garden Calendar
Plants
Annuals
Perennials
Flowering Bulbs
Ornamental Grasses
Climbing Vines
Roses
Trees and Shrubs
Wildflowers
Garden Tips
Seed Starting
Container Garden Ideas
Herb Gardening
Shade Garden Tips
Water Gardening
Rock Garden Ideas
Garden Shopping
Buy Plants Online
Save Money on Plants
Store – Amazon Deals
More Information
About Me
About My Garden
Creating This Site
Privacy Policy
Subscribe to Updates
Popular Pages
Home
2020. flower-gardening-made-easy.com. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy