http://www.wisconsinfamilychildcare.org/privacy.shtml
Wisconsin Family Child Care Association
Supporting Family Child Care Since 1982
Home
About
Membership
Contact
WFCCA Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.nafcc.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request (e.g. membership renewal).
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new services, membership renewal reminders, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Regarding Membership
We request information from you on our membership form. To become a member or renew your membership you must provide contact information (like name and address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to update your membership. If we have trouble updating your membership we'll use this information to contact you.
We partner with other organizations to provide specific services (e.g NAEYC membership). When these services are requested we will share names or other contact information that is necessary for the organization to provide these services. These organizations are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that WFCCA is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys
From time-to-time WFCCA may request information via surveys or other similar means. Participation is completely voluntary; you may choose whether or not to participate, and therefore disclose personal information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of our organization.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only members who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, updating membership) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone or email.
What We Do
Advocacy
Conference
Current News
Mini-Conferences
Quality Improvement
Newsletter
Resources
Upcoming Events
Board Meetings:
January 9, 2021
March 13, 2021
Mini Conferences:
TBD
Annual Conference:
April 30-May 1, 2021
Calendar
Connect
NAFCC Affiliate
Wisconsin Family Child Care Association - 731 Rivendell Drive, Milton, WI 53563
Design by Metamorphozis Designs. Modified by A. Nogar. Copyright ©2020. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
|
Home   |
About   |
Membership   |
Contact   |
Privacy   |
Sitemap   |