http://www.loveandlogic.com/pages/privacy-policy#security
Learning online from home, or anywhere, is much more fun with Love and Logic!
You have 0 items in your cart
Continue shopping
Our Blog
Login
Cart
0
You have 0 items in your cart
Continue shopping
Parents
Love & Logic Parenting
Shop Now
Articles & Advice
Parents' FAQs
Conferences
Find a Trainer
Hire a Speaker
Educators
Love & Logic Education
Shop Now
Articles & Advice
Educators' FAQs
Classes and Conferences
Find a Trainer
Hire a Speaker
Trainers
Become a Trainer
Shop Now
Trainer FAQs
Trainer Search
Parent Curricula
Educator Curriculum
Support Materials
Webinars
Call Us
800.338.4065
Mon - Fri 7:30 am - 4:30 pm (MST)
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website ("website") is operated by Love and Logic Inc., which includes Love and Logic stores, and Love and Logic Private Sales. This privacy policy only covers information collected at this website, and does not cover any information collected offline by Love and Logic. All Love and Logic websites are currently covered by this privacy policy.
Security
Personal information provided on the website and online credit card transactions are transmitted through a secure server. We are committed to handling your personal information with high standards of information security. We take appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. Our website uses encryption technology, like Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport. SSL encrypts ordering information such as your name, address, and credit card number. Our Customer Care center and stores also operate over a private, secure network. Please note that email is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information.
Privacy Policy
To help us achieve our goal of providing the highest quality products and services, we use information from our interactions with you and other customers, as well as from other parties. Because we respect your privacy, we have implemented procedures to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe, secure, and responsible manner.
We have posted this privacy policy in order to explain our information collection practices and the choices you have about the way information is collected and used.
As we continue to develop our website and take advantage of advances in technology to improve the services we offer, this privacy policy likely will change. We therefore encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy.
The Information We Collect
Generally, you may browse the website without providing any personally identifiable information. However, we may ask you to provide personally identifiable information at various times and places on this website. In some cases, if you choose not to provide us with the requested information, you may not be able to access all parts of this website or participate in all of its features.
We receive and store any personally identifiable information you enter on the website, whenever you shop with Love and Logic—online, through our catalogs, or in our stores, or information you give us in any other way, such as by subscribing to our catalogs, email, or mobile messaging. For example, we may collect the following personally identifiable information: your name, address, telephone number, mobile telephone number, driver's license number, birth date, and email address. If you use a credit or debit card or pay by check, we will also include your account number.
If you use one of our services, or participate in one of our surveys, promotions, or sweepstakes, we may ask for additional information, such as your age, interests, or product preferences.
From your purchases and other interactions with us, we obtain information concerning the specific products or services you purchase or use.
When you visit this website, our web server automatically collects anonymous information such as log data and IP addresses, and may collect general information concerning your location. We may use the automatically collected information for a number of purposes, such as improving our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect for various purposes, including:
To complete your purchase transactions
To provide the services you request
To send you our catalogs and other offerings by mail
To identify your product and service preferences, so we can notify you of new or additional products, services, and promotions that might be of interest to you.
To notify you of product recalls or provide other information concerning products you have purchased
To improve our merchandise selections, customer service, and overall shopping experience
Others with Whom We Share Your Information
The Love and Logic Group:
All of the above information that we collect, as described above, may be shared among all Love and Logic entities, including Love and Logic stores, website and Private Sales.
Service Providers:
We also may disclose information to outside companies that help us bring you the products and services we offer. For example, we may work with an outside company to: (a) manage a database of customer information; (b) assist us in distributing emails; (c) assist us with direct marketing and data collection; (d) provide us storage and analysis; (d) provide fraud prevention; and (e) provide other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. We require that these outside companies agree to keep confidential all information we share with them and to use the information only to perform their obligations in our agreements with them.
Other Companies:
We may provide information to carefully selected outside companies when we believe their products or services may be of interest to you.
Business Transitions:
We may transfer or share a copy of personal information about you in the event that Love and Logic or one of its properties, affiliates, or subsidiaries goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets. You will be notified via email or prominent notice on our website prior to a change of ownership or control of your personal information, if your personal information will be used contrary to this policy. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to interfere with the ability of Love and Logic to transfer all or part of its business and/or assets to an affiliate or independent third party at any time, for any purpose, without any limitation whatsoever. Love and Logic specifically reserves the right to transfer or share a copy of personally identifiable information collected from its websites to the buyer of that portion of its business relating to that information.
Compliance with Law:
We may provide access to information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability, and to protect our rights or to protect the rights, property, or safety of visitors of this website or the public.
Love and Logic partners with advertising companies to place our advertising on publisher websites on the Internet. These advertising companies collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site. This technology involves the use of third party cookies which allow them to develop personalized advertising so that it directly relates to offers that may be of interest to you. You may choose to opt-out of this service we have with our third-party advertising partner. We may also use Love and Logic cookies to provide similar enhanced online marketing to you based on your interests and preferences. You may also choose to opt out of these enhanced online marketing ads.
Your Choices Regarding Use of the Information We Collect
We provide you with a number of choices regarding our handling of your nonpublic personally identifiable information.
Direct Mail or Telephone Marketing:
If you shop at the Love and Logic or Private Sales stores and wish to be removed from the list of customers that receive direct mail or telemarketing calls, please either write to Love and Logic Customer Care at Love and Logic Institute, Inc., 2207 Jackson Street, Golden, Colorado 80401-2300 or call 800-338-4065. If you choose to write to us, please include your name, address, and credit card account number (if you have one), and state one of the following:
"NO MAIL OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive offers by mail);
"NO PHONE OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive offers by phone); or
"NO PHONE OR MAIL OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive either).
Because customer lists often are prepared well in advance of an offering (sometimes a few months before the offer is made), you may continue to receive some offers after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes. We appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Love and Logic Customer Care, Love and Logic Institute, Inc., 2207 Jackson Street, Golden, Colorado 80401-2300. Please allow 30 days for a response.
Cookies, Web Beacons, and How We Use Them
A "cookie" is a small data file stored by your Web browser on your computer or mobile device [hard drive]. It allows us to recognize your computer (but not specifically who is using it) upon entering our site by associating the identification numbers in the cookie with other customer information you have provided us. That customer information is stored on our secured database. A "web beacon" or "pixel tag" or "clear gif" is typically a one-pixel image, used to pass information from your computer or mobile device to a website.
We use cookies and web beacons to keep track of what you have in your shopping cart and to remember you when you return to the website as well as to identify the pages you click on during your visit to our site and the name of the website you visited immediately before clicking to the Love and Logic website. We use this information to improve our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions. You can, of course, disable cookies and web beacons on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of our website will not operate correctly if you disable cookies. We may also use web beacons, and other technologies, to help track whether our communications are reaching you, to measure their effectiveness, or to collect certain non-personal information about your computer, device, or browser in order to allow us to better design future communications to you.
We may contract with third parties who may use cookies and web beacons and collect information on our behalf or provide services such as credit card processing, shipping, promotional services, or data management. We call them our Customer Care Partners. These third parties are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our other Customer Care Partners.
Online Account Registration
To make online shopping faster and easier, you may register on the Love and Logic website. As a registered customer, you only have to enter your shipping addresses and billing information once; they will be securely stored with us for your future use. Using your name and a password of your choice, you may access your account online at any time to add, delete, or change information.
If you are using a public computer, we strongly encourage you to LOG OUT at the conclusion of your session. Your information will still be stored with us but it will not be accessible to anyone else from that computer.
Emails
You will receive promotional emails from us only if you have asked to receive them. If you do not want to receive email from Love and Logic or its affiliates you can click on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email communication sent by us. Please allow us 3 business days from when the request was received to complete the removal, as some of our promotions may already have been in process before you submitted your request.
Acceptance
By using this website, you accept the policies set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Any Questions?
We'll be happy to provide additional information or answer any questions.
Call:
800-338-4065 or email us.
Write:
Love and Logic Institute, Inc.
2207 Jackson Street
Golden, Colorado 80401-2300
Graduate-Level Credit
If you like to laugh while learning effective skills you can use the very same day, a Love and Logic webinar is just what the doctor ordered!
Register Now