http://www.deeproot.co.uk/terms.html
Home
Products
Plant Base for PC and Mac
Plant Base for Android
Extra Keys desktop tool
Downloads
Purchasing
Support
Online Database
Contact
Blog
About
About us
Environment
Privacy & Security
Copyright
About us
T & C's
Terms and Conditions
Introduction
This website (deeproot.co.uk) is operated by Deeproot Software.
In addition to the information below these Terms and Conditions are supplemented by :
Privacy and Security Policy
Copyright statement
We may change these Terms and Condition from time to time. It is your responsibility to check the Terms and Conditions regularly.
Use of the Website
By continuing to access
this website you are deemed to accept these Terms and Conditions which govern its use.
Viewing pages and using certain features of this website may record Cookies on your computer, as explained in our Privacy Policy. Your permission to do this is implied by continuing to use this site.
By using this website you agree to do so for lawful purposes only.
You may access, view and download material on this website for your own personal use.
You are not allowed to attempt to gain access to any part of the website that is restricted and to which you are not entitled access. Certain parts of the website may only be accessed by password or other key-code. Deeproot Software may issue you with a password, but is under no obligation to do so. In the event you are provided with a password you must keep that password confidential and not allow its use by anyone else.
Unless otherwise indicated the Intellectual Rights and Copyright belong to Deeproot Software. You are not allowed to re-publish, sell or sub-license material from this website without our permission. Specific details are described in our Copyright informaton.
You must not use any type of automated data-harvesting to systematically extract material from this website.
Information is offered on this website on a best effort basis and in good faith. We do not guarantee the correctness and accuracy of the information provided.
Where content is user generated, we reserve the right to remove or edit material at our discretion.
We will not be responsible for any damage or loss resulting from the use of this website. We accept no liabilities of any kind arising from the content of this website.
Our Products and Services
Our products and services are available both via this website and by other means.
Software provided by us is subject to the licence agreement provided with the individual software item. By installing
the software you accept the terms of the associated licence.
You may not sell or sub-licence our software without prior permission. However,
distribution of the software install files in the original form as provided by us is allowed on a non-profit basis.
You are not allowed to alter or reverse engineer our software.
Where the execution or download of software is controlled by password or key-code, any such code or password issued to you by us is for your own use. You may not distribute to others any password, key-code or other mechanism for the purpose of enabling our software, unless granted
specific allowance from us.
It is your responsibility to determine the suitability of our software for your purposes. Great care is taken in the preparation of our software products, however we cannot guarantee they are free from errors or malfunctions. We accept no liabilities for any consequential damages beyond refund of the purchase price.
Commercial and non-commercial reproduction of our photographs is allowed only under licence from us, under the terms given in our Copyright information.
Bespoke services are conducted under an Agreement consisting of these Terms and Conditions and any further specifications relating to the work undertaken.
Payments
By placing an order for our products or services by any method, you agree to these Terms as a contract of purchase.
Where products	are available for purchase on-line, through our own website or a third-party website, payment is due at the time of purchase. If any such payment is later reversed, revoked or stopped then the transaction is deemed cancelled and the purchaser has no entitlement to the product. We reserve the right to charge any costs incurred by us for the cancelled transaction.
Other products and services are payable on issue of an invoice. Invoices are normally sent via email. For our standard invoices, payment is due to reach us no later than 30 days after the invoice date.
Unless alternative currency is offered by the purchasing process, payment must be made in UK Pounds Sterling (GBP).
Late payments will be subject to a debt recovery fee and additional ongoing interest will be applied to the invoiced amount. The rate of interest on overdue amounts will be 2% per month compounded. Debt recovery fees are as set by the late payment government legislation plus any third-party costs if used. Overdue penalties are contractually applied to all customers, both commercial and private. Late or non-payment may additionally result in the discontinuation of services or product licenses provided.
Limitation of Liability
Except as specifically agreed by contract, our software and services are provided "as is" and without warranty of any kind. We accept no responsibilty for any consequences resulting from the use or misuse of our products. Where any functional defect is notified and acknowledged, our liability is limited to refund of purchase price.
Jurisdiction of Law
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, which will have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes.
See also:
Privacy Statement
Copyright
About us
Deeproot and the Environment
Author's Blog