http://www.usdoj.gov/ust/foia-privacy-act
Skip to main content
Official websites use .gov
A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A lock (LockA locked padlock) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
Main menu
AboutBudget & Performance
History
Privacy Program
Our AgencyThe Attorney General
Organizational Chart
Alphabetical Listing
PrioritiesPresidential Commission on Law Enforcement
Protecting National Security
Reducing Violent Crime
Combating the Opioid Crisis
More Topics
NewsVideos
Photos
Blogs
Podcasts
ResourcesGuidance Documents
Grants
Forms
Publications
Information for Victims in Large Cases
Justice Manual
CareersLegal Careers
Veteran Recruitment
Disability Hiring
Contact
You are hereHome » U.S. Trustee Program
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Digg
Reddit
Pinterest
Email
U.S. Trustee Program
U.S. Trustee Program
About the Program
Meet the Director
Regions and Offices
Private Trustee Information
Chapter 11 Quarterly Fees
Retention and Compensation of Professionals in Bankruptcy
Consumer Information
Credit Counseling & Debtor Education
Means Testing Information
Press & Public Affairs
Employment Opportunities
What's New
Site Map
USTP FOIA
USTP Privacy Act
Contact the Program
FOIA & Privacy Act
How to Make a Request  | FOIA Library | FOIA Reference Guide | DOJ Reference Materials | Major Information Systems
U.S. Trustee Program FOIA & PA Contact:
Randi Meth, FOIA Counsel
Office of the General Counsel
Executive Office for U.S. Trustees
United States Department of Justice
441 G Street, N.W., Suite 6150
Washington, D.C. 20530USTP.FOIA.Requests@usdoj.gov
Carrie Weinfeld, Privacy Act Counsel
Office of the General Counsel
Executive Office for U.S. Trustees
United States Department of Justice
441 G Street, N.W., Suite 6150
Washington, D.C. 20530USTP.FOIA.Requests@usdoj.gov
Component Description:
The United States Trustee Program (USTP) consists of an Executive Office in Washington, D.C., and approximately 95 field offices in 21 Regions nationwide, covering all Federal judicial districts except Alabama and North Carolina (Note).
As noted in the agency mission statement, United States Trustees monitor and supervise private estate trustees, debtors-in-possession, and others to ensure that the interests of all parties in bankruptcy are protected (www.justice.gov/ust). United States Trustees are responsible for the effective administration of bankruptcy cases arising under chapters 7, 11, 12, and 13 of the federal Bankruptcy Code and serve as "watch-dogs to prevent fraud, dishonesty and overreaching in the bankruptcy arena." See 28 U.S.C. 581-589a and 11 U.S.C. 101, et seq.
The Executive Office maintains certain administrative records and USTP regional and field offices maintain most case files. The Executive Office handles all requests made under the FOIA and/or the Privacy Act. Accordingly, all requests for USTP records, whether through FOIA or the Privacy Act, should be addressed to the Office of the General Counsel, Executive Office for U.S. Trustees, at the physical or email address listed above, and should identify a case name, particular judicial district, and/or specific USTP office(s) where responsive records may exist.
You need not place a FOIA request to obtain access to recorded bankruptcy meetings of creditors conducted under 11 U.S.C. § 341(a). To obtain these recordings, please contact the local United States Trustee office with oversight responsibility for the respective bankruptcy case in which the meeting was conducted. Contact information for all United States Trustee field offices may be accessed here.
DOJ FOIA Reference Guide: A comprehensive guide to FOIA that serves as a handbook for obtaining information from the Department.
DOJ Privacy Act Reference: An outline of the Department’s procedures for permitting an individual access to, or amendment of, certain specific records.”
Special information required to make FOIA/PA requests
How and where to submit FOIA requests to the U.S. Trustee Program
How and where to submit Privacy Act requests to the U.S. Trustee Program
FOIA Library: Publicly available information for which no FOIA request is required
Other Information
Privacy Impact Assessment: Listing of Privacy Impact Assessment Documents
Major Information Systems (MIS)
Department of Justice FOIA Home Page
Department of Justice Privacy Policy
Accessibility Information
Proactive Disclosures
Department of Justice FOIA Libraries
Federal Bankruptcy Code (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq.)
U.S. Code, Title 28 (Chapter 39 - U.S. Trustees)
Updated August 27, 2020
Was this page helpful?
Was this page helpful?
Yes
No
Thank you for your input.
Contact the Webmaster to submit comments.
Leadership Clifford J. White III
Director
Contact Office of the Director
(202) 307-1391