http://www.greycoatplacements.co.uk/privacy/cookie-policy/
Seasons Greetings to all. Please note our office hours over the holidays -  Close Thursday 24th December 2020 at 2pm, Open on Monday 04th January 2021 at 8am
We wanted to assure our clients and candidates that we
remain open for business.  For more information CLICK HERE
Have you Applied to Register with Greycoat Lumleys?
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
close
Home
›
Privacy
›
Cookie policy
Greycoat Placements Limited Cookie Policy
You are at www.greycoatlumleys.co.uk, the website of Greycoat Placements Limited t/a Greycoat Lumleys or "we", "us", "our". Our website and its subdomains use cookies. Cookies are small text files that will be stored in your device (computer, mobile phone or tablet) via your browser in order to improve your experience of using the website and to enable certain functions. We use cookies to provide our website visitors with a better experience, identify preferences, analyse trends, address technical problems, and help us to improve our website. The information in the cookies relates to your device, your browser and to the way you browse through our content and is not linked to your name, address or e-mail address. To the extent that personal information may be collected using cookies, such information will only be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy  and this Cookie Policy.
Why do we use cookies?
Cookies can be placed on our website by us or by third parties with whom we co-operate to help us diagnose technical problems, analyse the traffic to our website, analyse trends, observe and measure how our visitors engage with our website and identify preferences.
Strictly necessary cookies
ASP.NET_SessionIdIs necessary for site functionality and is set even if you do not give your consent. It is held temporarily in memory and is deleted when the web browser is closed.Expiration: Session
__AntiXsrfTokenTo prevent cross-site scripting attacksExpiration: Session
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functionality and performance cookies
CookieDisclaimerUsed to store the state of the "This site uses cookies" banner. Expiration: 100 years
Roi::CookieDataUsed to determine the source of the website traffic.Expiration: 1 month
These cookies enable our website to provide enhanced functionality. They may be set by us [or by third party providers] whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. If you create an account in our website, we can also place cookies that enable that you will logged on automatically on your next visit.
Analytics cookies
_gaUsed to identify unique usersExpiration: 2 years
_gatUsed to throttle the request rateExpiration: 1 minute
_gidUsed to distinguish usersExpiration: 24 hours
_gali Used for enhanced link attributionExpiration: 30 seconds
_utmzUsed to store campaign informationExpiration: 6 months
We may use cookies for web analytics. We use these cookies to collect information about how visitors use our website. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve our website performance. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Only Google Analytics has access to the data collected via these cookies and we do not make this data available to third parties.
Advertising cookies
We may use advertising or targeting cookies placed both by us and by third parties. These cookies can help us by measuring the relevance of content and advertising on our website based on your surfing behaviour and interests. These cookies do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
Links to social media sites
Our website may contain links to third party websites, including social media websites. When you click on such a link you leave our website and these third parties will be responsible for the information that is recorded via cookies.
Changing your cookie preferences
[If you do not want to accept cookies from our site, simply click on ‘Change settings’ when prompted. You will then have the option to select which types of cookies you do not want to accept.] OR [We are planning to enhance our cookie tool to allow users to more easily change their cookie settings after their initial choice.] You can prevent your browser from storing cookies via your browser settings. You can also remove cookies from your device at any time by deleting your browser history. You can use your web browser to:
delete all cookies;
block all cookies;
allow all cookies;
block third-party cookies;
clear all cookies when you close the browser;
open a 'private browsing' / 'incognito' session, which allows you to browse the internet without storing local data; and
install add-ons and plug-ins to extend browser functionality.
Most web browsers allow you to delete, or prevent the storage of, cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, on your browser, please use the following links:
Internet Explorer https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer
Google Chrome https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
Firefox https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-browsing-search-download-history-firefox?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Clear+Recent+History
Safari https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_GB
Opera http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/privacy/
Useful information
A number of websites provide detailed information on cookies, including https://www.aboutcookies.org/ and http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
The Internet Advertising Bureau website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/ allows you to install opt-out cookies across different advertising networks.
Google has developed a browser add-on to allow users opt out of Google Analytics across all websites which use this popular analytics product. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
New technologies such as Mozilla's ‘Do Not Track’ allow you to tell websites not to track you.
Internet Explorer has a feature called ‘Tracking Protection Lists’, which allows you to import a list of websites you want to block.
Retention period
Most of the cookies we use will be deleted when you end the browser session. Other cookies will remain stored in your device for the length of time specified for each cookie above, or until removed via your browser settings.
Changes to our Cookie Policy
We may update the Cookies Policy from time to time. You can see the date on which the last change was made at the end of this policy. We advise you to review our Cookies Policy on a regular basis so that you are aware of any changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions related to this statement or any data protection concerns, or would like to exercise your rights, please contact Collette Negre at GDPR@greycoatlumleys.co.uk
This statement was updated on: 08 March 2018.
Our Offices
Greycoat Lumleys London office covers jobs in London, South of England and International
Greycoat Lumleys Buxton office covers jobs in the majority of counties in the North of England and Wales
Greycoat Lumleys Edinburgh office covers jobs in Scotland
London Office
Uncommon Offices N101, 126-128 New Kings Road, London, SW6 4LZ
T +44 (0) 20 7233 9950 | info@greycoatlumleys.co.uk
North of England Office
T 1298 600 414 | northofengland@greycoatlumleys.co.uk
Scotland Office
No 1 Hill Street, Edinburgh, EH2 3JP
T 0131 556 5139 | scotland@greycoatlumleys.co.uk
Advanced Search
Looking for Staff
Looking for a Job
News & Events
About Us
Contact Us
GDPR consent form
My Chef
Sitemap