https://www.adoptionlearningpartners.org/company/terms-and-conditions.cfm
cart
blog
community
contact us
faq
experts
about us
register
log in
professionals
parenting
adopting
catalog
company
About Us
Meet The Experts
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Terms And Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before proceeding. Because of the complexities attending the use and operation of web sites, we have set forth here the Site Terms of Use ("STUs") that apply to visitors' access and use of this site.
We hope that you understand these conditions are necessary. If you have any questions about their meaning or application to you, please contact info@AdoptionLearningPartners.org. Otherwise, your further use will mean that you understand and agree to our STUs. If you do not agree to these terms, please exit the web site immediately.
Who We AreAdoption Learning Partners is a business unit of The Cradle Society, a private, not-for-profit, non-sectarian adoption agency located in Evanston, Illinois. The Cradle reserves the right (a) to transfer the business of Adoption Learning Partners into a separate not-for-profit corporation, of which The Cradle would maintain control; and (b) to admit other not-for-profit corporations as members of such new corporation.
Copyright Notice and Limits on UseAll trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, copyrights and other proprietary rights in or associated with this Site, including the Site Content and Site Code, (collectively, the "Site") are the property of The Cradle, its licensors or its licensees. Site Content includes, but is not limited to, text, information, images, graphics, audiovisual content and audio content. Site Code means any and all underlying elements of the Site, including, but not limited to source code, object code, and other sets of statements or instructions that relate to the operation or functions of the Site.
The Site is intended for personal use only. While you may interact with or download a single copy of any portion of the Site Content for your personal, noncommercial information, educational or entertainment use, you may not frame, reproduce, sell, publish, distribute, modify, display, repost or otherwise use any portion of the Site in any other way or for any other purpose without obtaining our written consent. By using this web site you agree not to copy, use or otherwise infringe upon these trademarks or service marks. You also agree that you will not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from any copy of the Content. Further, you agree to be responsible for ensuring that other parties who access the Site through your computer or with your permission agree to abide by the STUs.
Requests for use of the Site for any purpose other than personal, noncommercial use should be directed to info@AdoptionLearningPartners.org.
Submissions and User Grant LicenseWe are pleased to hear from Site users. We appreciate your interest and welcome your comments. Please note, however, that due to legal requirements, we cannot provide compensation for, agree to consider, or agree to keep confidential, any submission of creative ideas, disclosures of inventions, other disclosures of potentially useful information, or submission of any other content ("Creative Content"). To avoid possible confusion or legal complications, any Creative Content sent to Adoption Learning Partners via this Site will be considered and treated as NOT confidential. By sending us Creative Content material via this Site, you grant Adoption Learning Partners an unrestricted, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable non-exclusive license to use, copy, modify, display, distribute, and transmit that Creative Content in any medium, software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future. You also agree that Adoption Learning Partners is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose.
Adoption Learning Partners shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding submitted information except as specifically agreed to in writing by Adoption Learning Partners or as required by law. If any applicable law, judicial decision or regulatory requirement restricts or limits the provisions of this paragraph, Adoption Learning Partners' liability shall not exceed the amount set forth in the LIMITATION OF LIABILITY section of these STUs.
Public Communications, Forums and Interactive FeaturesAdoptionLearningPartners.org may provide from time to time, at its sole discretion, one or more chat areas, message boards, e-mail functions, polls, surveys, and other features for use by visitors to the Site. These "Visitor Features" are provided as a convenience to Site visitors. Adoption Learning Partners may discontinue providing any Visitor Feature(s) to any or all Site visitors and may remove any content provided by a Site Visitor in its sole discretion. Certain Visitor Features may be provided subject to charges. At the time of use please consult these STUs and any instructions associated with a Visitor Feature to determine whether any charges apply for use of or access to a particular Visitor Feature. Users of Visitor Features are bound by the STUs, and must agree not to do the following:
Harass or threaten any other person or entity;
Transmit any content that is damaging, disruptive, obscene, unlawful, inaccurate, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable;
Impersonate any other person or entity, provide false or misleading identification or address information, or invade the privacy or violate the personal or proprietary right of any person or entity;
Infringe copyright rights, trademark rights, or other personal or proprietary rights of any person or entity;
Transmit any advertising, promotional materials or comments upon services or products provided by parties other than Adoption Learning Partners;
Violate any applicable law (including local, state, national or international codes and regulations), intentionally or unintentionally, while you are using or accessing any of the Visitor Features; or
Act discourteously to other users.
We hope that all those who access the Site will conduct themselves properly. Please be aware that Adoption Learning Partners cannot always monitor, verify or substantiate content or code provided by third-party Site users. You therefore agree that Adoption Learning Partners will not be liable for any breach of the STUs or other injurious behavior by any third party who uses or accesses the Site.
LinksThis Site may contain links to other web sites maintained by parties with whom Adoption Learning Partners is not affiliated. Adoption Learning Partners cannot control, or even monitor or otherwise evaluate such sites, and is not responsible for any of their content, features, codes, underlying material, terms of access or privacy policies. LINKS ON THIS SITE ARE FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE ONLY. USE AT YOUR SOLE DISCRETION AND RISK.
If you operate a web site and wish to link to AdoptionLearningPartners.org, you must link to the Site's home page unless permission otherwise has been granted in writing by Adoption Learning Partners, which reserves the right to reject or terminate any links to the web site.
Copyright and Copyright AgentsAdoption Learning Partners' policies include responding to claims of intellectual property infringement. If you believe that any Site Content or Site Code, including Content submitted by third parties using Visitor Features, infringes a copyright or other proprietary right, send the following information to our Copyright Agent (address listed below). We will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement including those relating to this Site, and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) ("DMCA") and other applicable intellectual property laws.
To be effective, your notification must be in writing and include the following:
Contact information that allows us to contact you, such as name, address, telephone number, and email address;
A description of the copyrighted work or proprietary right that you believe has been infringed;
Identification of the URL where the allegedly infringing content is located or a description of its location that is sufficient for us to find it;
Your statement that you have a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner described is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement made by you, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate, and you are the owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right that is allegedly infringed; and
The signature, physical or electronic, of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right that is allegedly infringed.
Under the DMCA, notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to a Designated Agent. For Adoption Learning Partners, notification must be submitted to the following Designated Agent:
Adoption Learning Partners ATTN: Noreen Bigelow, Director 2049 Ridge Avenue Evanston, IL 60201USAPhone: 800-566-3995Fax: 847-475-5871Email: info@AdoptionLearningPartners.org
WARRANTY, DISCLAIMERS and LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THIS SITE, AND THE SITE CODE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," AND "AS AVAILABLE." THE SITE REPRESENTS THE CONSIDERED JUDGMENT OF EXPERIENCED ADOPTION PROFESSIONALS. HOWEVER, IT IS NECESSARILY SUBJECTIVE AND ADOPTION LEARNING PARTNERS DOES NOT WARRANT THE OPERATION, ACCURACY, ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS INFORMATION AND MATERIAL, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THIS INFORMATION AND MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, IMPLIED, EXPRESSED OR STATUTORY INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS, IS GIVEN IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS.
YOU MAY USE THIS SITE ONLY AT YOUR OWN RISK. IN NO EVENT WILL ADOPTION LEARNING PARTNERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE OR ANY LINKED SITE OR USE THEREOF OR INABILITY TO USE BY ANY PARTY, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE, EVEN IF ADOPTION LEARNING PARTNERS, OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES. WARRANTIES, OR ASPECTS OF THEM, THAT ARE, BY LAW, INCAPABLE OF BEING DISCLAIMED ARE NOT DISCLAIMED.
While precautions are taken against breaches in our security, no web site, communication system, or internet transmission is completely secure. We therefore cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, virus attack or other breaches will never occur. Neither Adoption Learning Partners, nor its directors, officers, employees, contractors, licensors or suppliers shall be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages, regardless whether the claim is based upon contract or tort principles, and regardless whether they had notice of the possibility of such damages.
You agree to be responsible for any damages or fines assessed due to violation of the STUs by you or others that access the Site through your computer/terminal or to whom you have provided access to Site. You further agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Adoption Learning Partners, its directors, officers, employees, contractors, licensors and suppliers against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of the STUs by you or by others that access the Site through your computer/terminal or to whom you have provided access to Site. We reserve the option, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you; you agree to cooperate with Adoption Learning Partners in asserting any available defenses should this occur.
MiscellaneousAdoption Learning Partners reserves the right to change these Terms of Use at our discretion and notify users of any such changes by online postings. You agree to review this Page periodically and that your continued use of the Site after we post any amended Terms of Use or Privacy Policy will constitute your agreement to be bound by any such changes. Adoption Learning Partners may modify, suspend, discontinue or restrict the use of any portion of the site, including the availability of any portion of the Site at any time, without notice or liability.
AvailabilityThis site is for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction outside North America, or where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. Adoption Learning Partners makes no representation that it is appropriate for use in any country other than the United States.
Jurisdiction Dispute Resolution and Applicable LawThese STUs and all disputes arising from or related to them or use of the Site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with all applicable federal laws of the United States of America and the laws of the State of Illinois (without resort to conflicts of law provisions). You hereby agree that any cause of action you may have arising from or related to the STUs or the Site must be filed in the federal or state courts, as appropriate, located in Cook County, Illinois; further, you expressly consent to the jurisdiction and exclusive venue of said courts. Adoption Learning Partners may, however, at its sole discretion, institute or convert any action (no matter which party initiates it) to an arbitration under the applicable rules of the American Arbitration Association. This arbitration shall apply Illinois law and take place in Cook County, Illinois.
If any provision(s) of the STUs are deemed unenforceable in a determination by a body with proper jurisdiction, the Parties agree (without waiving rights of appeal) that the unenforceable provision(s) shall be: (1) reconstituted to approximate as closely as lawfully possible the evident intent of the original provision(s); or (2) if option (1), above, cannot be implemented, the unenforceable provision(s) shall be excised from the STUs and the Parties shall negotiate in good faith with respect to their modification. If the Parties cannot agree to a modification, the STUs shall be enforced, without the unenforceable provision, in a fair manner and without undue prejudice to either Party.
Acknowledgment of AgreementYou agree and represent that you have carefully considered the STUs and agree to their terms. You further agree that any ambiguities will not be enforced against the drafter but shall be fairly read so as not to prejudice the rights of Adoption Learning Partners.
This represents the entire agreement between the Parties relating to the matters contained herein and shall not be modified except in writing supplied by Adoption Learning Partners.
Recorded Webinar
Caring for Your Adopted Child
Whether a child joins a family through domestic adoption, international adoption, or foster care, he or she may have needs that require additional consideration. Pediatrician, author, and adoptive parent Dr. Elaine Schulte helps parents and prospective parents navigate these potential needs with strategies and tips from her book, Caring for Your Adopted Child: An Essential Guide for Parents.
Learn More
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Adoption Learning Partners