http://www.edd.ca.gov/about_edd/privacy_policy.htm
The Employment Development Department Privacy Policy
En español
The Employment Development Department (EDD) is committed to protecting the privacy rights of individuals. It is our policy to limit the collection of personal information and protect the personal information it collects and maintains.
The personal information collection and management policies, practices and procedures implemented by the EDD are
governed by law; including the Information Practices Act of 1977 (Title 1.8 [commencing with Section 1798] of Part 4 of Division 3 of the Civil Code), Sections 11015.5 and 11019.9 of the Government Code, and Sections 1094 and 1095 of the California Unemployment Insurance Code.
The EDD collects personal information relevant to specific purposes which are identified in the privacy notice, at the time of collection or before the information is collected from the individual.
Personal information will not be disclosed, made available, or otherwise used for purposes other than those specified at the time of collection, except with the consent of the subject of the data, or as authorized by law.
The EDD does not collect home, business or email addresses, or account information from persons who simply browse our Internet website. The information EDD automatically collects includes your domain name or Internet Protocol (IP) address, the type of browser and operating
system you used, date and time you visited the site, web pages you visited and
any forms you downloaded or submitted. This information is collected for customer service and audit purposes and is deleted after 30 days.
Electronically collected information is exempt from requests made under the Public Records Act.
The EDD uses cookies, simple text files stored temporarily on a visitor’s computer by a web server, to enable easy movement through its website. The EDD uses Google
Analytics tracking cookies for statistical purposes to determine how useful our information is to you. For those wishing to block Google Analytics, a variety of browser plug-ins are available on Google’s Browser Add-on page.
If you visit another website using a link from this website, you become subject to the privacy policy and conditions of that website. The EDD will not be held liable for
information or practices observed by other websites that provide access links from the EDD website.
Information we collect for specific requests
We need the information listed below to respond to your request:
Request
Type and Purpose of Information Collected
Registration for Events and Workshops
We use your name, address, and email address to contact you about services on our website.
Conference Material Orders
We use your name, address, and email address to process your order or contact you if we have a problem processing your order.
Subscriptions (e.g., Tax News and e-file News)
We use your email address to send your subscription materials. If you provide us your ZIP Code, we can send you information specific to your area.
Email (e.g., Webmaster, Non-confidential tax questions)
We use your name, email address, and phone number to respond to your request.
e-Services
To use our interactive online services, you will need to provide personal information for authentication purposes. This information may include, but is not limited to:
Your social security, business identification, or tax professional identification number.
Information from a previously filed California tax return, as originally filed.
Your contact information, such as your last name, address, telephone number, and email address.
The EDD will not distribute or sell any electronically collected personal information about users to any third party
without the user’s written consent.
The EDD secures all personal information against loss, damage, modification, unauthorized access, or disclosure as required by federal and California Law, and the State Administrative Manual policy. Information voluntarily provided by you will be protected by the appropriate computer, network, and Internet technical security controls at the employee and departmental level to prevent unauthorized access. Some of these security controls include: password and user identification verification, data encryption, confidential transmissions, secure storage areas, and audit trails.
Individuals have a right to access information about themselves and may request a correction of any inaccuracies. You have the right to have any electronically collected personal information deleted by us, without reuse or distribution.
Contact Information
Questions, comments or complaints regarding this privacy policy or requests for personal information access should be addressed to the EDD privacy office contact us at Ask EDD.
Effective Date: January 5, 2018
Ask EDD
Online Services
Forms and Publications
Labor Market Information
Office Locator
Información general en español
View Disclaimer
Google™ Translate Disclaimer
×
This Google™ translation feature, provided on the Employment Development Department (EDD) website, is for informational purposes only.
The web pages currently in English on the EDD website are the official and accurate source for the program information and services the EDD provides. Any discrepancies or differences created in the translation are not binding and have no legal effect for compliance or enforcement purposes. If any questions arise related to the information contained in the translated website, please refer to the English version.
The EDD is unable to guarantee the accuracy of this translation and is therefore not liable for any inaccurate information or changes in the formatting of the pages resulting from the translation application tool.
Forms and publications provided on the EDD website cannot be translated using Google™ Translate. Some forms and publications are translated by the department in other languages. For those forms, visit the Online Forms and Publications section.
More Information
OK