http://www.kidsave.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyjkatzer2020-06-05T07:47:34-07:00
KIDSAVE PRIVACY POLICY
Kidsave International, (hereinafter referred to as “Kidsave,” “Us,” “Our,” and “We”), is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our online visitors and keeping any and all personal information collected accurate, confidential, secure, and private. Our privacy policy is provided to assure users and/or visitors to our website of our commitment to not only meeting, but exceeding existing US privacy standards.
The following privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.kidsave.org. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through our website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared,
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data,
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information, and
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Through the use of www.kidsave.org, you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this policy. It is recommended that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent in order to better understand the way in which other websites collect, make use of, and share your information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Non-Personal Information: Kidsave may collect non-personal anonymous (or demographic) usage data of our website visitors, such as age, geographical location, gender, household income, political affiliation, race, religion, browser type and version, IP address, operating system, device type, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation paths, and the timing, frequency, and pattern of your use of our website in order to analyze the use of our website, information, and services, as well as assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service and relevant user content. The source of this data is Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Google Search Console, Facebook, Bing, Yahoo, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, and other social media platforms where Kidsave has active accounts. The legal basis for this processing of your demographic and usage information is either with explicit consent from users or our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website, content, and services.
Cookies: We use “cookies” on this site. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Cookies may be either persistent cookies or session cookies. A persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiration date, unless deleted by the user. A session cookie will expire at the end of the user session, when the browser is closed. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Personal Information: Kidsave may collect and make use of your personally identifiable information to assist in the operation of our website, maintain back-ups of our databases, ensure security of our website and services, and deliver the services and information you need and request. Kidsave is the sole owner of the personal information collected on this site. We only have access to and collect personally identifiable information you voluntarily provide to us via direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We may find it necessary to use your personally identifiable information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us, which may include: inquiry forms, applications, event registrations, email or newsletter sign-up or donations, and to keep you informed of events, announcements, and new opportunities to become involved in our Organization. Kidsave may also be in contact with you regarding surveys or research related to your opinions regarding events, offerings, and/or user experiences on our website.
Kidsave reserves the right to share your information with third parties outside of our organization on an as needed basis, in order to conduct our ordinary course of business, for instant, sharing with our merchant services to process donations, with our database provider to store the information, with our e-mail marketing service provider in order to deliver marketing campaigns and newsletters, and in order to fulfill your requests. In such cases, Kidsave may disclose or share your personal information, without any prior notice to you, unless required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or required in an effort to:
Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon Kidsave and/or its website;
Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all rights and/or property of Kidsave; and
Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of kidsave.org and/or the general public.
With your express consent, we may also process information you post for publication on our website or through our services (“publication data”). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services.
When submitting an inquiry on our website, you are explicitly consenting to the processing of the information contained in any inquiry you submit to Kidsave regarding our programs, trainings, and services (“inquiry data”). The inquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering and/or marketing relevant programs, trainings, and services to you.
We may process information relating to donation transactions, that you enter into with us and/or through our website (“transaction data“). The transaction data may include your contact details, your credit card or bank details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of collecting the donation and allocating it to the proper program/service and keeping proper records of those transactions.
When you opt-in to receive notifications from Kidsave by subscribing to our email notifications, updates, and/or newsletters (“notification data”), we may process the information you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing. Said notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication you send to us (“correspondence data”). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data, as outlined above, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about events, organization announcements, new opportunities to be involved with our organization, or changes to this privacy policy.
Sharing Your Information
Non-Personal Information: We share aggregated demographics information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Personal Information: We partner with DonorPerfect, Qgiv, Constant Contact, Litmos Training, BidPal, Mobile Giving Foundation (MGF) to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names or other contact information that is necessary for the third party(ies) to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
We may disclose your personal data to our partner(s) insofar as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. We may also disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisors insofar as is reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
We may disclose your contact details to our mail and/or shipping partners insofar as is reasonably necessary for direct mail and/or shipping delivery and tracking.
Donations and fees paid through our website are handled by our payment services provider, SafeSave Payments. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your donations and program fees, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in herein, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Non-Marketing Purposes: Kidsave greatly respects your privacy. We maintain and reserve the right to contact you, if necessary, for non-marketing purposes such as bug alerts, security breaches, and/or changes in Kidsave’s policies or services. In certain circumstances, we may use our website or other public means to post a notice.
International transfers of your personal data: We are a US-based organization. As such, the hosting facilities for our website are located in the United States and we are governed by US federal and state laws regarding your data. Kidsave conducts our programs in the United States, Columbia, Russia, Ukraine, and Sierra Leone. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of federal and state data protection laws.
You acknowledge the personal data you submit explicitly for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
Data Retention
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes. We will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria: your email subscription preferences, your engagement with our email newsletters including opening and clicking, your relationship with our organization, and the purpose for which you supplied your data. We may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Your Access to and Control Over Your Information
All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to opt-out of receiving communications from us, reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters, and have the right to any of the following by contacting us via email at shirene@kidsave.org.
The right to ask if we process your data,
The right to receive the details of any data we process about you,
The right to ask the purposes for processing your data, the categories of personal data concerned, and the recipients of your personal data,
The right to change/correct/complete any data we have about you,
The right to ask us to delete any data we have about you, and
The right to express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Provided the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply you a copy of your personal data, with the first copy free of charge. Additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third-party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out. Kidsave will continue to adhere to the privacy policy described herein with respect to any personal information previously collected.
Links to Other Sites
Our website contains links to affiliates, partners and other websites. Kidsave does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other said websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
Security
Kidsave takes every precaution to protect your information and maintain adequate physical, procedural, and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of the user’s personal information under control. Thereby assuring, when you submit sensitive information via our website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement
Kidsave reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such, we will post those changes to our website so our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. Your should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy. We may also choose to notify you of changes to this policy via email.
If, at any point in time, Kidsave decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. At that time, users shall have the option to deny permission to use their information in this separate manner.
Acceptance of Terms
Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy related to our website or you feel we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via the following email, phone, or mailing address:
Shirene Miller | shirene@kidsave.org | (310) 642-7203
100 Corporate Pointe, Suite 380 | Culver City, CA 90230
About Us
This website is owned and operated by Kidsave International. We are a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. Our registered address is 4622 WISCONSIN AVE NW, STE. 202 WASHINGTON, DC 20016-4638 and the address of our headquarters or principal place of business is 100 Corporate Pointe
Suite 380, Culver City, CA 90230.
CHANGE A LIFE
Your gifts of time and money can transform the life of a child.
HOST A CHILDDONATEVOLUNTEER100% of your money goes directly to helping kids.
Learn more about where your money goes here.
×Newsletter Sign Up
Close