http://www.sea-ex.com/privacypolicy.htm
Welcome to Sea-Ex - Seafood,
Fishing, Aquaculture, Marine & Angling Portal
Custom Search
Become an Advertiser / Sea-Ex Member
Recreational Angling....
Angling,
Boating, Fishing Info, Sailing, Diving, Boat Charters, Fishing Guides,
Marinas etc. CLICK HERE
Seafood
Wholesale Seafood
Australia
Wholesale Seafood
International
Seafood
Industry Skype Directory
Brand Name Register
Retail Seafood Sales
Seafood Restaurants
Seafood Recipes
Seafood Information
Thailand
Business & Info Directory
Seafood Directory
Aquaculture Directory
Seafood Trading Board
Commercial Seafood
Seafood Info by Country
Fish Photos & Info
Marine Services
Directory
Suppliers to the Seafood Industry
Seafood Industry News
TRADE  SEAFOOD
INDUSTRY DIRECTORY
Add Your Company
Sea-Ex
Information
Seafood Industry Newsletter
Seafood Industry News & Information
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sea-Ex want our users to always be aware of any
information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we
disclose it.
Business Name:
Labiche Corporation Pty Ltd
/ Sea-Ex.com  /  Marlin Ink
Address:
PO Box 3152
City:
Bracken Ridge
State
Queensland
Postal Code:
4017
Country:
Australia
Skype:
sea-ex
Websites:
http://www.sea-ex.com  /
http://www.seaex.com  /
http://www.seaex.com.au  /
http://www.seafoodauction.com.au
http://www.trade-seafood.com
/  http://www.marlinink.com
Contact Email:
support@seaex.com
INTRODUCTION
Sea-Ex respects each individual's right to personal
privacy. We will collect and use information through our website only in
the ways disclosed in this statement.  This statement applies solely
to information collected at our websites.
The information below is information for our users and
visitors and to be compliant with the General Data Protection
Regulations (GDPR).
Information Collection:
Sea-Ex collects information through our website at several points. We
collect the following information about our visitors through various forms
located in our site that is voluntarily offered by you, the user:
Company names, contact names, telephone, fax,
email, website addresses and company activities.
In some cases we collect financial information
such as credit card numbers and expiration dates.
Information Usage:
This information is used for:
Improving our website content
used to notify visitors about upgrades
used to send our newsletters (when requested by a
visitor).
used to fill customers orders
for shipping and billing purposes, if we have
trouble processing an order, we use the information to contact the user.
Provide members with unique identifiers.
Registration is not required to enter our site.
We publish a newsletter and we never sell or share
our subscribers email addresses.
Our website offers a trading board.  Please be
advised that information posted on this board becomes public knowledge
Cookies:
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to
information about the user. Our site does not use cookies. However, some
of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example,
advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these
cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for
advertising.
Advertisers:
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our site.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address,
email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other
websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of
interest to you. Information is collected by the ad companies, and we do not
have access to this information. We work with reputable ad companies: Google Adsense, etc. Please check their websites for respective privacy
policies.
Access to Information:
Sea-Ex maintains the accuracy of our information by routinely checking
with companies listed on our site. Users may access their own personal
information and contact us about inaccuracies they may find by emailing
support@seaex.com Users may delete
their information from our database by notifying us by email with the
subject “Data removal request”. The request
for removal will be completed within 24-48 hours.
Problem Resolution:
If problems arise, users may contact Sea-Ex by email, Skype or telephone. We
are committed to resolving disputes within 24-48 hours.
Data Storage and Security:
Sea-Ex protects user information with the following security measures:
No data is stored on our servers.  All information collected is
stored within a secure environment in our offices.  There is no
access by third parties to the information we hold.
See also our
Cookie Policy
By continuing to use this site you are considered
as understanding and agreeing to the contents of this statement.
© 1996 - 2020
Sea-Ex
Australia
Home
Any problems regarding this page, please contact
Disclaimer  |
Privacy Policy  |
Cookie
Policy