http://www.vikingrange.com/consumer/category/footer/privacy-policy;jsessionid=YXxwopy+jbTTo2VqyMOvWg**.node2
a
Privacy Policy
WEBSITE / MARKETING PRIVACY POLICY
We at Viking Range, LLC ("Viking," "we," "us," or "our") respect your concerns about privacy and value our relationship with you. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of the information you submit to us and that we collect from you through the https://www.vikingrange.com/consumer/ website (the "Website"), as well as other channels.
Privacy Policy
By visiting and/or using this Website, you consent to this Privacy Policy and to Viking's collection and sharing of your personally identifiable information according to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
Information You Provide: There may be times (such as when you create an online account, purchase or order a product, subscribe to a service, request a quote, submit a cooking school request, sign up for a savings event etc.) when we ask you to provide certain contact information about yourself. This information typically includes your name, initials, home address, other physical address, street name, city, state, zip code, e-mail address, telephone number, credit or debit card number, account number, bank account number, and information concerning your purchase or use of Viking products or services such as, kind of product or service purchased, product model number, product serial number. When you contact us by telephone, we will collect the information you provide over the telephone. We will also collect information you provide in product registration card submissions.
Information from Third Parties: We may receive information from our affiliates and business partners that you provide to them. This includes information you provide to distributors or dealers of Viking products and services, information you provide at or to Viking Cooking Schools, information you provide to Viking subsidiaries or divisions (including but not limited to the Alluvian Hotel), information you provide at trade shows, information you provide in connection with sweepstakes or contests, in response to advertisements, in connection with warranty service claims and in response to surveys.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
We use your contact information to provide you with the services you request as well as for analytical and marketing purposes, such as confirming, sending, and tracking your order or account registration; communicating with you about your order or account registration; analyzing preferences, trends, and statistics; informing you of our new products, services, and offers; and providing you with other information from and about Viking, including personalized marketing communications.
Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information
Viking may share personally identifiable information with its affiliates, subsidiaries, or divisions, and with their officers, directors, employees, accountants, attorneys, and agents; with distributors or dealers of Viking products and services; with Viking's marketing partners such as retail stores, shopping centers, and food or wine vendors; with third-parties to comply with applicable laws or legal processes (including but not limited to subpoenas, interrogatories, requests for documents, and regulatory data requests); with third-parties to protect the rights or property of Viking; and with law enforcement, regulatory, and government authorities.
Opting Out Of Marketing and Updating Your Information
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive direct marketing from us or from our affiliates, or if you prefer that we do not share your information with our marketing partners, please contact us as described below.
Every email you will receive from us will contain clear information on how to unsubscribe from future communications. If you sign up for communications from us but then wish to unsubscribe, follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email you receive from us to be removed from future marketing emails. We may also send you communications via postal mail. If you are receiving postal mail communications from us and wish to no longer receive them, please contact us as described below to ask us to remove you from our postal mailing list.
If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other contact information with us please contact us the same way. Please note that it may take up to 30 days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make a request.
Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies on our Website. Cookies are bits of data that a website sends to a web browser on a visitor's computer. Cookies help us to collect information about how you and other visitors to the Website use our Website. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our Website, to remind us of who you are, tailor our products, services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others, assist our online merchants in tracking visits to and sales at our Website and to process your order, and/or analyze your visiting patterns.
You can refuse or delete cookies. You can disable cookies from your computer system by following the instructions on your browser or at www.allaboutcookies.org. Most browsers and mobile devices offer their own settings to manage cookies. However, if you refuse a cookie when on the Website, or if you delete cookies, certain features of our Website or other services may not work.
Some Internet browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" features. Most of these features, when turned on, send a signal or preference (the "DNT Signal") to the websites you visit indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret DNT Signals, nor a common definition of "tracking," we do not currently respond to DNT Signals on the Website.
Security Measures
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. To guard your information delivered to us electronically, our Website uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL encrypts your credit card number, name and address so only we are able to decode your information. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our Website, and you do so at your own risk.
We urge you to keep any password that you establish with us in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.
Your EU Privacy Rights
This section applies to European Union residents and describes Viking's measures toward achieving compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
Sharing Your personal data with Third Parties: When we first collect your personal data, we will provide you with an opportunity to refuse direct marketing from us and our affiliates. If you do not refuse direct marketing, we may share your information with our affiliates for direct marketing purposes, such as offers of products and services to you by us or our affiliates. You can opt out of receiving marketing emails from us by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us.
When we first collect your personal data, we will also provide you with an opportunity to allow us to share your information with our marketing partners (as described above) for their marketing purposes. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as described below. If you do not give us your consent for sharing your information with such third parties, we will not share your personal data with them.
Processing of personal data In Countries Outside of the EU:
Your personal data may be processed in the United States and other countries outside the European Union ("Third Countries"), that may not offer the same level of data protection as that afforded by the GDPR. We will process personal data (or procure that it be processed) in the Third Countries in accordance with the requirements of applicable law, which will include having appropriate contractual undertakings in legal agreements with service providers who process personal data on our behalf in such Third Countries.
Retention Period and Security Measures: We will generally keep personal data about you for as long as necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was collected, or for such longer period if required under the applicable law or necessary for the purposes of our other legitimate interests.
The applicable retention period will depend on various factors, such as any legal obligation to which we or our service providers are subject as well as on whether you decide to exercise your right to request the deletion of your information from our systems. We will, from time to time, review the purpose for which we have collected information about you and decide whether to retain it, update it, or securely delete it, if the information is no longer required.
To protect your personal data from unauthorized access and use, we apply organizational and technical security measures in accordance with the applicable law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We will notify you of any material personal data breaches affecting you in accordance with the requirements of the applicable law.
When we use third party organizations to process your personal data on our behalf, we ask them to demonstrate their compliance with our security requirements, and any instructions we may give them and their compliance with the GDPR and any other relevant data protection legislation.
Your rights: Under the GDPR, you have a right to access your personal data, to object to the processing of your personal data, to rectify inaccurate or incomplete information, to erase, to restrict or object to the processing of your information in certain circumstances, to withdraw your consent, where you have given consent to the processing of your data, and to port your personal data. We have in place specific procedures in relation to any Subject Access Requests ("SAR") that you might, and are entitled to, make. A SAR is a request made by you which requires us to provide you with details of your personal data which we hold and process and a description of how we process it.
If you have any questions, complaints, of wish to exercise your rights under the GDPR, you may contact us directly. We will consider and address your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California users are entitled to request information relating to whether a business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Therefore, if
you are a California resident and an individual with an established business relationship with Viking primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, you have the right to request from Viking at the postal address or e-mail address below, and to receive in writing or by e-mail, a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by Viking to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of the third parties that received such personal information from Viking (and, if the nature of the third parties' business cannot reasonably be determined from the third parties' name, examples of the products or services marketed, if known to Viking, sufficient to give you a reasonable indication of the nature of the third parties' business). Viking will respond to such requests within 30 days.
Children's Information
Viking does not direct or target its website (or a portion of its website) to children, knowingly collect personal information from children, or knowingly market its products or services to children. No one under the age of 13 should submit personally identifiable information to Viking and/or the Website. Should you suspect that a child of whom you are the parent or legal guardian has provided us with personal information, please contact us at the email address below and we will work with you to address this issue.
Links to Other Sites
Our Website may contain links to websites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Such links do not imply an endorsement with respect to any third party, any website, or the products or services provided thereby. Privacy policies on such linked websites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked websites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked website before disclosing any of your information on such website.
Legal Notice
The information contained on this Website is not intended to be, and should not be construed as, legal or other professional advice. You are advised to consult with your own professional legal advisors prior to relying on any information contained on this Website.
DISCLAIMERS
WHILE VIKING ENDEAVORS TO PROVIDE ACCURATE INFORMATION, THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE MAY CONTAIN ERRORS. YOU ASSUME THE SOLE RISK OF RELYING ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE. VIKING MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY SORT REGARDING THE SUITABILITY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY, LEGALITY IN YOUR JURISDICTION, OR ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. ALL SUCH INFORMATION IS PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WARRANTY OF TITLE OR OWNERSHIP, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY SORT.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON ANY INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE, AS SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE INACCURATE, INCOMPLETE, OUTDATED AND/OR NOT APPLICABLE TO YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION. VIKING SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR SUCH INFORMATION, AND YOU ASSUME THE SOLE RISK OF ANY RELIANCE THEREON. VIKING MAY MAKE CHANGES IN THIS WEBSITE OR IN THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY REASON.
IN NO EVENT SHALL VIKING BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE, OR RESULTING FROM COLLECTION, USE OR DISCLOSURE OF THE USER'S OR CONSUMER'S PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF VIKING HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or requests with regard to the personally identifiable information we hold about you, please contact Viking's Director of Marketing
By Postal Mail:
Viking Range, LLC
Attn: Tim Tyler
111 Front Street
Greenwood, MS 38930
By E-mail:
ttyler@vikingrange.com
Policy Changes
Viking reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we update this policy, we will revise the "Effective Date" date below and post it to our Website.
If material changes are made, we will place a prominent notice on our Website for at least 30 days prior to the change taking effect, or, for current customers or others with whom we have a business relationship, we will communicate with you directly by email. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our Website and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. Your continued use of our Website or other services constitutes your acceptance of the practices described in the revised Privacy Policy.
Effective Date
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is July 9th, 2019