https://www.pnw.edu/legal-and-privacy/
Skip to Navigation
Skip to Search
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Footer Links
Purdue University Northwest / Legal and Privacy
Legal and Privacy
Purdue University Northwest Website Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement Last Revised: 10/6/2020
At Purdue University Northwest, we are committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintain the following privacy policy to protect the personal information you provide online at pnw.edu.
Collection of Personal Information
We will collect your personal information (such as your name, email, address, or telephone number) only if you provide it voluntarily. If you do not want us to collect this information, please do not submit it.
This personal information is considered confidential. It is not sold to other parties, and you retain the ability to opt out of further communications.
We may share your personal information with authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, processing credit card payments, delivering packages, providing customer service and marketing assistance, including advertising targeting, performing business and sales analysis, supporting our website functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys, and other features offered through our websites. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
Log Files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. By using our website, you consent to our collection and use of this information.
We use the information only to help improve our services to you and to provide you with the information you have requested. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others outside of our own entity, and our advertising and promotional agencies and consultants.
Logs of suspicious activity and access information may be kept for site security purposes. Evidence of attacks or other malicious activity will be shared with law enforcement agencies as necessary to apprehend and prosecute individuals who abuse our resources.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We use both session ID cookies and/or persistent cookies. We may use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file.
We use this information to improve the website to meet your needs. We never use this information to identify you individually.
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Purdue University Northwest only and does not cover the use of cookies by any other third-party. If you connect to pnw.edu with third-party services such as Facebook and Twitter, those services may also use cookies. This policy does not cover how those third-party services use cookies.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Please be advised, that although we have endeavored to create a secure and reliable site for you, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from us via this site or email cannot be guaranteed. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its security.
Links
This website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Purdue University Northwest. Please be aware that Purdue University Northwest is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.
Purdue University Northwest may also present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our services.
Other webpages, products, and organizations which are not specifically described as being endorsed or affiliated with Purdue University Northwest are posted for informational purposes only and their inclusion does not constitute an endorsement.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Purdue University Northwest.
The university reserves the right to remove any materials posted in violation of applicable policies.
Accessibility Statement
We are committed to ensure that this website remains accessible to everyone, particularly people with disabilities. The technologies administered to build our website are based on and compliant with the WCAG 2.0, Level AA standards.
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: marketing@pnw.edu.