http://www.abacuskids.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Private Information | Abacus Early Learning Center
FIND A LOCATION NEAR YOU
Home
About
Nutrition & Health
Our Daycare Philosophy
Our Child Care Accreditations
Curriculum
Curriculum Themes
Learning Centers
Programs
Toddler & Infant Care
Abacus Preschool
Junior Kindergarten
Before & After School Care
All Stars Day Camp
Careers
Contact Us
|
Home
About
Nutrition & Health
Our Daycare Philosophy
Our Child Care Accreditations
Curriculum
Curriculum Themes
Learning Centers
Programs
Toddler & Infant Care
Abacus Preschool
Junior Kindergarten
Before & After School Care
All Stars Day Camp
Careers
Contact Us
|
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to https://www.abacuskids.com/ and Abacus Early Learning Centers and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Abacus Early Learning Centers include https://www.abacuskids.com/ and Abacus. The Abacus website is a informational site. By using the Abacus website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Abacus does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Abacus may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Abacus, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Abacus may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Abacus or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Abacus; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Abacus, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Abacus may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Abacus, in order to determine what Abacus services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Abacus to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Abacus. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Abacus website.
Use of Cookies
The Abacus website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Abacus pages, or register with Abacus site or services, a cookie helps Abacus to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Abacus website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Abacus features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Abacus services or websites you visit.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Abacus secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Abacus uses the following methods for this purpose:
–
SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Abacus does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Abacus may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Abacus, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
Abacus reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Abacus welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Abacus has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Abacus at:
Abacus Early Learning Centers
6726 Pointe Inverness Way
Fort Wayne, Indiana 46804
Email Address:
info@abacuskids.com
Telephone number:
260-432-8737
Effective as of January 29, 2020
Comments are closed.
Privacy Policy
Carmel: 317-581-1222 |
13101 Illinois Street
Carmel, IN 46032
Fort Wayne: 260-432-8737 |
6726 Pointe Inverness Way
Fort Wayne, IN 46804
Indianapolis: 317-876-3081 |
8420 Township Line Road
Indianapolis, IN 46260
Westfield: 317-867-3536 |
16410 Southpark Drive
Westfield, IN 46074
CERTIFICATIONS
© Copyright 2018 | Built, Powered & Developed by: Youtech Web Development
Authorization Statement
I understand that as a condition of employment as required by the State of Indiana, a background/criminal check to confirm information contained in this application will be completed. I release Abacus and/or any other person, organization or institution from any and all liability that may result from any investigation into my background as conducted by Abacus, the management staff or others contracted to perform the service.
Thank you for completing this application form and your interest in working for us. Abacus Childcare and Abacus Management Company adheres to a policy of equal employment opportunity. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, religion, age, sex, color, national origin or handicap and are in full compliance with all federal and state laws. Your employment with this company is based on merit, past experience, and your ability to perform the job.
I hereby certify that all the facts set forth in this employment application are true and complete to the best of my knowledge. I understand that misrepresentation or omission of facts on this application or any other Abacus records will be cause for the rejection of my application or my granting of an interview, implies or should be understood as a promise of employment. I also understand that should I be employed by Abacus that I have the right to terminate my employment at any time and that Abacus may at its discretion may terminate my employment at any time with or without prior notice. I authorize Abacus Child Care Center to investigate all references given and authorize them to disclose and validate the information provided herein. I also understand all information received will be held in confidence.
×