http://www.nativefoods.com/privacy-policy/
Effective Date:  January 1, 2020
Native Foods has adopted this privacy policy (this “Policy”) in order to inform you of its policies with respect to the personal information Native Foods collects about you through our interactions with you and through our products, services, events, and programs – including the Native Foods mobile application (the “Mobile App”), our website located at www.nativefoods.com (the “Website”), and transactions completed at Native Foods physical locations (each a “Service,” and collectively, the “Services”).
In this Policy, the terms “Native Foods,” “we,” and “us” refer to Native Foods Acquisition, LLC and its owned and operated locations. By using any of the Services, you consent to the terms of this Policy.
The personal information Native Foods collects and how we use it
We collect personal information from you when you interact with us through the Services. We may also collect information about you from other sources. The information we collect may be information that you provide to us directly, such as information that you provide when you visit the Services, or information that is collected from you in a passive or automatic manner, such as information collected from your browser or device. The personal information may identify you directly (e.g., your last name). We also collect information that does not identify you directly, but in certain cases could allow you to be identified indirectly (e.g. certain technical data associated with devices that you use to interact with the Services).
In some instances Native Foods may also collect information from third party sources that provide, or help us to provide, the Services. We use both business partners and service providers, such as payment processors and analytics providers, to perform services on our behalf. Some of these partners may have access to information about you that we may or may not otherwise have (for example, where you sign up directly with that provider) and may share some or all of this information with us. We may use this information to administer and improve the Services and to conduct marketing and advertising campaigns.
In addition, Native Foods may also collect aggregated data or anonymized data that does not directly identify you.
How we share and disclose information
Native Foods does not exchange your personal information for monetary consideration. We share information, including Personal Information with affiliated companies, as well as carefully selected business partners and service providers to provide better service to you. These companies need information about you to perform their service function (such as to process or fulfill your order, verify your credit card information, and to protect you from fraud). We also share certain information, including Personal Information, with chosen companies that help us with marketing functions. We may engage vendors to place advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These companies may collect certain information from you (e.g. click stream information, browser type, time and date, hardware/software information, cookie ID, IP address, etc.) when you visit our Mobile App or Website and use that information to provide advertisements about goods and services that are assumed to be of greater interest to you.
We may share your information for any other purpose as disclosed at the time of collection, or when we have otherwise obtained consent. Please note that this Policy is not intended to limit our ability to share or disclose aggregated, or anonymized data. Native Foods also reserves the right to use or disclose information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request.
How we protect your information
Native Foods uses a variety of security measures designed to ensure the confidentiality of your information. Native Foods protects your information using technical, physical, and administrative security measures to reduce the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of your information. Examples of our safeguards include firewalls, data encryption, and administrative security controls. There is no guarantee that systems or networks can be 100% secure. We recommend that you help us keep your information safe by taking reasonable steps such as changing passwords from time to time, keeping your passwords private, and not disclosing personal data in places that can be accessed publicly.
Data Retention
We retain your information only for as long as is necessary to provide the Services and to fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other necessary purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements.
“Cookies”
The Website and the Mobile App server, or the servers of companies that we use to operate the Website and the Mobile App, may place a “cookie” on your computer, store data in your computer browser or access pre-existing removable tracking features on your mobile device in order to allow you to use the Website and the Mobile App and to personalize your experience. A “cookie” is a small piece of data that can be sent by a web server to your computer, which then may be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies and browser storage allow us to recognize your computer while you are on our Website and the Mobile App and help customize your online experience and make it more convenient for you. Cookies and browser storage are also useful in allowing more efficient log-in for users, tracking transaction histories, and preserving information between sessions. The information collected from cookies and browser storage may also be used to improve the functionality of the websites and applications.
Most web browser applications (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox and Apple Safari) have features that can notify you when you receive a cookie or prevent cookies from being sent. If you disable cookies or other device tracking features, however, you may not be able to use certain personalized functions of the Website or the Mobile App.
Links to Other Sites
In some areas of the Website or the Mobile App, we may provide a link to another website. Other websites, including social media sites, have their own policies regarding privacy and security, and these may vary from ours.
Children’s Privacy
The Services are directed toward and designed for use by persons aged 13 or older. Native Foods will not approve applications of, or establish or maintain registrations for any child whom Native Foods knows to be under the age of 13. Native Foods does not solicit or knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If Native Foods discovers that it has received personally identifiable information from an individual who indicates that he or she is, or whom Native Foods otherwise has reason to believe is, under the age of 13, Native Foods will delete such information from its systems. Additionally, a child’s parent or legal guardian may request that the child’s information be corrected or deleted from our files by requesting this online.
If you have reason to believe that child under the age of 13 has provided personal data to us without parental consent, please contact us using any of the methods described in the “Contact Us” section of this Policy, and we will endeavor to delete that data from our systems.
California Residents
This section supplements our privacy policy with additional information for California residents only. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides specific protections and rules with respect to California’s own definition of “Personal Information,” which includes information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household. As noted above, we collect information that you provide directly when you register for or use the Services, user credentials that you supply directly when you register for or update your login information to use the Services, demographic data, payment data, device data, usage data, location data, information about your interests and preferences, third party integrations, and other third party data. Additional detail on the categories of Personal Information we have collected in the last 12 months and the purposes for which we have used Personal Information is listed below.
Personal Identifiers (e.g., name, email address, and date of birth) are used for
Marketing (including advertising, customer acquisition, audience segmentation, event organization, web traffic analytics, brand promotion and analytics, surveys and consumer research, campaigns, management of influencer and other partner relationships, social media content distribution and analytics, mobile application communications, contest administration, and customer engagement and analytics)
Operational purposes (including order processing, payment, gift card, receipt processing, anti-fraud, sales data reporting, third-party delivery coordination, and mobile application services and analytics)
Employment and recruiting (including conducting background checks, for interview purposes, payroll administration and employee timekeeping, benefit administration, creation of tax forms, office administration, business expense processing, industry benchmarking, and internal communications)
Development and real estate for the purpose of expanding the Services
Business relationship management
Customer service
Charitable giving
Legal compliance
Other personal information (e.g., driver’s license, credit card number, health insurance information)
Marketing (including surveys and consumer research, and management of influencer and other partner relationships)
Operational purposes (including order processing, payment, gift card, receipt processing, anti-fraud, sales data reporting, and mobile application and kiosk services and analytics)
Employment and recruiting (including payroll administration and benefit administration)
Development and real estate investment for the purpose of expanding the Services
Legal compliance
Demographic information (e.g., gender, familial status, and citizenship status)
Marketing (including surveys and consumer research, and social media content distribution and analytics)
Operational purposes (including website and mobile application services)
Employment and recruiting (including conducting background checks, payroll administration, and benefit administration)
Charitable giving
Legal compliance
Commercial information (e.g., purchasing activity)
Marketing (including surveys and consumer research, and mobile application management and communications)
Operational purposes (including order processing and oversight, payment, gift card, discount processing, receipt processing, anti-fraud, sales data reporting and analysis, third-party delivery coordination, mobile application services and analytics, inventory management, and financial auditing)
Development and real estate purposes
Customer service
Internet or other electronic activity information (e.g., clickstream data and information regarding interaction with a web site)
Marketing (including customer acquisition, audience segmentation, web traffic and search engine analytics, brand promotion and analytics, surveys and consumer research, campaigns, management of influencer relationships, social media content analytics, mobile application management and communications, contest administration, and customer engagement and analytics)
Operational purposes (including anti-fraud, and mobile application services and analytics)
Employment and recruiting
Customer service
Charitable giving
Geolocation data (e.g., mobile device location)
Marketing (including social media content distribution and providing mobile store locator services)
Operational purposes (including anti-fraud)
Audio, electronic, or visual information (e.g., photographs)
Marketing (including advertising)
Customer and employee safety
Legal compliance
Customer service and quality assurance
Detecting security incidents
Professional or employment-related information (e.g., employment history, educational information)
Marketing (including influencer and other partner relationships)
Operational purposes (including third-party delivery coordination, order processing and oversight)
Employment and recruiting (including for interview purposes, selecting candidates, payroll administration and employee timekeeping, benefit administration, creation of tax forms, office administration, business expense processing, industry benchmarking, and internal communications)
Business relationship management
Legal compliance
Customer order information (e.g., order number)
Operational purposes (including order processing, inventory management, and menu management)
Customer service
Employee tax-related information (e.g., garnishments and tax remittance)
Employment and recruiting (including payroll administration)
Legal compliance
Miscellaneous categories of consumer information (e.g., household income, dietary habits, allergies)
Marketing (including surveys and consumer research and mobile application communications)
Operational purposes (including order processing and mobile application and kiosk services and analytics)
In accordance with the CCPA, California residents have the right to request that we disclose the following information about our collection and use of “Personal Information,” over the twelve months prior to your requests:
The categories of Personal Information we collect about you.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collect about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information collected about you.
If we disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, a list of the categories of Personal Information we have disclosed in the prior twelve months.
If we sold your Personal Information for a business purpose, a list of the categories of Personal Information we have sold in the prior twelve months.
You also have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information.  In some circumstances we may not be able to delete certain information – for example, if we need to hold on to your information to protect the security or functionality of our operations, to service your account, or to comply with legal obligations.
To ask for a record of the information we hold about you, or to ask us to delete your information, please email privacy@nativefoods.com. You must provide enough information that we can verify who you are and that you are a California resident.  We will only use personal information provided in a request to verify the requester’s identity and authority to make the request.
You also have the right to direct us not to sell your personal information at any time.  To opt out of the sale of your personal information, you may submit a request to us by emailing privacy@nativefoods.com.
Changes to this privacy policy
This Policy went into effect on the date noted at the top of this webpage. We may update this Policy from time to time. We encourage you to look for updates and changes to this Policy periodically, especially before you provide information, and particularly personally identifiable information, directly to us through the Services. Your continued use of the Services after any changes to this Policy are in effect constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy.
Contact us
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. You can contact Native Foods Customer Service online at nativefoods.com/contact.
Follow us
on instagram
&at
nativefoodscafe
© Copyright 2020 Native Foods Café
Sign-Up For Our Email Newsletter
* required
Email Address: *
First Name: *
Last Name: *
Zip Code: *
Location *
Westwood
Costa Mesa
Clairemont Mesa
Point Loma
Palm Springs
Boulder
Glendale
Bridgeport Village
Loop
Wicker Park
Hyde Park
Lakeview
ORDER ONLINE
MENU
PLACES
SUPPORT + FEED
THANKSGIVING
REWARDS
GIFT CARD
CATERING
CAREERS
BACK
LOS ANGELES
WESTWOOD
ORANGE COUNTY
COSTA MESA
SAN DIEGO
CLAIREMONT MESA
POINT LOMA
PALM SPRINGS
PALM SPRINGS
COLORADO
BOULDER
GLENDALE
OREGON
BRIDGEPORT VILLAGE
CHICAGO
LOOP
WICKER PARK
HYDE PARK
LAKEVIEW
BACK
LOS ANGELES
WESTWOOD
SAN DIEGO
CLAIREMONT MESA
POINT LOMA
COLORADO
BOULDER
CHICAGO
LOOP
WICKER PARK
HYDE PARK
LAKEVIEW
BACK
LOS ANGELES
ORANGE COUNTY
SAN DIEGO
PALM SPRINGS
COLORADO
OREGON
CHICAGO