http://www.lib.msu.edu/about/privacystmt/
Skip to main content
X
Some areas of the Main Library are now open 9am-5pm, Monday-Friday. These areas include main-floor access to Patron Services as well as our study and computing space on 1 East with access to MSU printing. Capacity for the study space is 50 people. We also now have touchless lockers, where you may pick up materials. Outside of safety, our top priority is to provide access to all of our collections. We continue to offer virtual services. We also are paging materials and will continue to mail materials to faculty, staff, and students living off-campus. We encourage you to use our convenient distance services. Please see our
Online and Distance Learning resource page for more information.
Michigan State University Libraries Privacy Statement
This online privacy statement is intended to inform you of the ways in which this website (“Site”) collects information, the uses to which that information will be put, and the ways in which we protect information you choose to provide us.
Please note that other Michigan State University websites may adopt different privacy practices as their specific needs require.
Use of this Site is subject to all applicable state and federal laws, as well as general University policies.
Information Collected
This Site collects two general types of information: (a) information you voluntarily provide to us, which may include personal information (such as your name, address, e-mail address, etc.), and (b) information we collect automatically when you visit this Site through cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
Information Voluntarily Provided by You
This Site will only collect personal information that you knowingly and voluntarily provide by, for example, responding to surveys, completing membership forms, sending e-mails, etc. It is this Site’s general practice to use personal information only for the purposes for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically stated on the Site. However, information collected through this Site may be subject to the University’s obligation to respond to subpoenas, court orders, discovery requests, and requests for public records under the Michigan Freedom of Information Act. Further, the disclosure of information collected through this Site is subject to the provisions of the Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act.
The University may also access or permit access to information collected through this Site in accordance with and subject to the limitations of the University’s Acceptable Use Policy for Information Technology Resources.
Although this Site has security measures in place to protect personal information provided to us by users, users should also take steps to protect personal information by, for example, closing all web browsers after using the Site. Information disclosed in chat rooms, news groups, forums, message boards and similar contexts may become public. Users should therefore exercise caution before disclosing personal information in such contexts.
If you engage in financial transactions at our Site, you may be asked for a credit card number. Unless otherwise noted on the Site, credit card transactions are encrypted and the server that processes your credit card information is secure. Such information may also be saved in an encrypted format or in internal systems that are protected by a firewall system. This Site complies with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.
Updating Personal Information
You may not correct, update, or remove the personal information provided to us through the use of the Site. Your options to make changes include:
Student information - is provided to the Libraries via the Registrar and may be updated at https://mystuinfo.msu.edu/StudentAccounts/Overview
Faculty and Staff information – is provided to us via EBS
Community Borrowers information - may be changed by visiting the Main Library on campus in person with a government issued photo id
Information We Collect Automatically
This Site collects information automatically through the use of cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs. This information does not include any personal information. We use this information primarily to monitor the use of this Site and to make improvements. We may share this data with partners in order to enhance the functionality of this Site.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small text files used to collect information about website activity. No personal information is collected through our use of cookies. This Site uses cookies for two main purposes: (a) to carry information about your current session at this Site from one web page to the next, which also allows you to automatically login to other Michigan State University websites, and (b) to identify you on this Site on return visits.
You have the option of disabling or not accepting cookies by changing the preferences on your browser. If you opt to disable cookies, you will still be able to use certain sections of our Site. However, you will not be able to use any parts of this Site that requires a login (e.g. accessing secured content, posting to message boards, etc).
Third Party Tracking Technology
This Site uses Hotjar, Google Analytics, the Google Search API, Google custom search, and the Google Maps API.
This Site uses a tracking technology called Google Analytics to obtain Site usage information such as users’ Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, Internet domain and host names, browser software, and the date and time that the Site is visited. Data obtained through Google Analytics does not include and is not linked to any personal information. Data from Google Analytics allows us to monitor the use of this Site, understand how users find our Site, and improve the Site’s function and content.
Site usage data collected through Google Analytics is not shared with other Google products and tools. Our use of Google Analytics is in compliance with Google’s Terms of Service and the MSU Access to Student Information Guidelines. Google provides more information about Google’s privacy practices and information on how to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking of your web browsing.
You may also wish to review the MSU Access to Student Information Guidelines.
Server Logs
Our web servers routinely generate logs that contain the following types of information each time the Site is used:
The date, time and length of your visit.
The path taken through our Site and the browser being used.
The list of files downloaded and the amount of time spent viewing video or audio files.
The IP Address of the computer accessing our Site.
Any errors encountered.
This information is used primarily to monitor the functioning and integrity of the Site and other MSU websites.
Links
This Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we do not control or claim any responsibility for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage users to read the privacy statements of each website they visit.
Choice/Opt-out
MSU Libraries does send communications to our patrons regarding account information, items due or being held, and confirmations on forms submitted. There is not an option for opting out of these communications.
We also offer optional communications through our Ask a Librarian page such as texting or IM chats.
Disclaimer
Neither Michigan State University, nor any of its units, programs, employees, agents or individual trustees, shall be liable for any improper or incorrect use of information obtained through the use of this Site.
Consent
By using this Site you consent to the terms of this privacy statement.
Questions and feedback
Your questions, comments and concerns are always welcome. Please send us your feedback regarding the privacy statement or any other issues by using our Comments and Suggestions form.