http://www.PickYourOwnChristmasTree.org/privacy_policy.htm
PickYourOwnChristmasTree.org's Privacy Policy
Pick Your Own Christmas Tree.org - 2020 Find a choose and cut tree farm or fresh pre-cut trees near you!
Toggle navigation
Tree farms
Start here
Search
Customer menu
Search
Feedback
Customer: add a farm
Make minor corrections
Resources
Clickable US County Map
Your local weather forecast
Christmas tree varieties with selection chart, photos
How to care for your Christmas tree
What is the history of the Christmas Tree?
Find the closest sleigh ride to you
How to get a free real letter from Santa for your child
Christmas tree traditions around the world
How to choose a Christmas tree
Christmas tree statistics and facts
Christmas holiday statistics and facts
Real or Fake Christmas Trees: Which is Better?
The ulltimate fake tree - made of Mountain Dew cans
How to get bugs, pests (and squirrels) out of your tree!
How to flock your tree
How to make your own flocking
Christmas tree decorating suggestions
Tips for a fun Christmas tree farm trip
Directions to make a gingerbread house, easily, step-by-step
Christmas clip art
Christmas fun stuff - games, virtual Christmas trees, music, weird stuff, etc.
What to do with the Christmas tree after Christmas.
Home canning and freezing directions
Home canning equipment and supplies
Recommended books and guides
Christmas Recipes
Master list of all recipes (most popular are below)
Pumpkin pie from a fresh pumpkin! (wonderful!)
Pumpkin Pie from canned pumpkin
Make your own Snocones from real snow or ice cubes
How to prepare cooked pumpkin from a fresh pumpkin (for use in all the recipes below)
Gingerbread men cookies
How to make a gingerbread house, easily, step-by-step
Chocolate Yule log
Leb Kuchen
Roasted Chestnuts (oven or "open fire")
Pecan pie
Apple pie - with a crumb topping - world's best apple pie!
Pumpkin cheesecake - INCREDIBLE!!! You have to try this one!
Cranberry sauce
Jellied cranberry sauce
Cran-apple sauce
World's best blueberry pie! (from fresh or frozen berries)
Christmas decorated sugar cookies!
Pumpkin cookies
Other Christmas recipes (pies, cookies, turkey, meals, egg nog, etc.)
Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
No Sugar Pumpkin Pie
Apple Cider Doughnut Recipe
Low sugar pumpkin pie
Related websites
Children's consignment sales
Farm markets and roadside stands
Easter egg hunts
Local Honey Finder
Environmental resources
Consumer protection resources
Local Meat, Milk and Eggs
Pumpkin patches (may or may not have a corn maze)
Local Pick Your Own apples and other fruit and vegetable farms and orchards
Local fruit and vegetable festivals
Venues: Farms, Wineries, Orchards for your event, wedding or party
Zombie paintball
Winery tours and wine tastings
Horse rides, stables, lessons, trails
Maple Syrup farms and sugarworks
Bed and Breakfasts on Farms, Wineries, Ranches and Orchards
Feedback
Farm owner menu
Search
Farm Owner: add your farm
Farm Owner: update your listing
Farm owner: delete your listing
Make minor corrections
Banner adds and other paid advertisements available to farms
Policy about being included on this website
Feedback
Related websites
Environmental resources
Consumer fraud information
Feedback
×
Search PickYourOwnChristmasTree.org
Close
PickYourOwnChristmasTree.org's Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors to PickYourOwnChristmasTree.org
is important to us. At PickYourOwnChristmasTree.org, we recognize
that privacy of your personal information is important to you, too!
Here is information on what types of personal information we receive
and collect when you use and visit PickYourOwnChristmasTree.org, and
how we safeguard your information.  We never sell or release
your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with almost every other website, our servers collect and use
the data contained in log files.  The information in the log
files include  your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP
(internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser
you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox),
the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout
our site.  (It doesn't identify you - just the to the level of
your service provider - again , this is common to all websites)
Cookies and Web Beacons
If you choose to sign up for email alerts and other login
features, we do use cookies to store information, such as your
personal preferences when you visit our site.  This could
include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability
to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements to support our site.
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web
beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these
advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program)
information (not including your name, address, email address, or
telephone number) including your IP address, your ISP , the browser
you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have
Flash installed.  This is generally used for geotargeting
purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York,
for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited
(such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking
sites).
Google, as a third party vendor, uses their technology (the
DoubleClick DART cookie) to serve ads on this website. Google's
use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads based on users visit
to this website and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out
of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy.
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or
third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing
preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.
However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site
as well as other websites.  This could include the inability to
login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or
accounts.
How you can control the information collected by cookies on our
website.
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is
shared by your device when you visit  our website:
We use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with
their sites or apps. If you don't want Analytics to be used in your
browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy. Many browsers, including
Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear
any existing cookies from within your browser.
Learn more about managing cookies in Chrome.  Google's
Ad Settings helps you control ads you see on Google services
(such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites (such
as ours) and apps that use Google ad services. You can also learn
how ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block
specific advertisers.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and
ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place
appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to
safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important.
For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our
website from those we actually know are under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
This only applies if you are a farm owner/operator or other user
who creates a listing or chooses to create a login for email alerts,
commenting, etc.  If you don't create a login on a form, then
we don't collect any information about you ,other than the log files
that all servers maintain!
You can access all your personally identifiable information that
we collect online and maintain by using the update forms. We use
this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct
factual errors in your personally identifiable information by
sending us a request (Update or corrections form) that credibly
shows the error. To protect your privacy and security and
accuracy of the information presented, we will also take reasonable
steps to verify your identity before granting access or making
corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy
policies, please use our feedback form!