http://www.checkdepot.net/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting privacy is not new to The Check Depot. The Check Depot has a long history of recognizing and protecting the privacy of its customers’ information. With the advent of the Internet, The Check Depot is committed to protecting your privacy and utilizing technology that gives you the safest and most powerful online experience available. We want to assure you that when The Check Depot asks for customer information, our goal is to improve our customer relationships.
Information Collection and Use
When you browse The Check Depot Web sites, you do so without revealing your identity. Personal information is not collected without your awareness.
Disclosure of Individual Information
The Check Depot is committed to protecting your private information. The Check Depot uses the information collected about you to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. The Check Depot exchanges information about our customers internally. The Check Depot will never share customer information, including names, email and mailing addresses, with third parties.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your Web browser on your computer's hard drive. A cookie may contain information (such as a unique user session ID) that is used to track the pages of the Web sites you've visited. The Check Depot uses cookies, but we do not store personally identifiable information in your cookies. The Check Depot web sites use cookies to improve your shopping experience. The information stored in cookies helps us serve you better by keeping track of your order as you shop at our sites. This information also helps us improve our site design. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually set your browser to decline cookies. Even if your Web browser is set to decline cookies, you can use the majority of the features within our sites. However, you will not be able to place an order or retrieve your personal order history.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
At times, The Check Depot may request that you voluntarily supply personal information for purposes such as receiving correspondence, registering on the Web site, making purchases, participating in online surveys, and receiving notice of employment opportunities. If you elect to participate, The Check Depot may require you to provide personally identifiable information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, financial institution information, credit card information or e-mail address. When you submit personal information to The Check Depot, you understand and agree that The Check Depot may access, store, and use your personal information. Information you provide is safeguarded according to our strict standards of security and confidentiality.
Security of Information
Security measures are in place on The Check Depot Web sites to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We offer industry-standard security measures available through your Web browser. Information is encrypted and scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches The Check Depot. The Check Depot takes steps to require that its vendors, consultants, suppliers, and contractors we hire observe our Privacy Policy with respect to security and the collection, use, and exchange of our customers’ information.
Choice to Opt Out
The Check Depot provides you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving unsolicited marketing mail as a result of your transaction with us. You may have your personal information removed from our database for marketing purposes and request not to receive future The Check Depot communications or services. Correct/Update/Access The Check Depot is committed to ensuring that the information we obtain and use about our customers is accurate. You can help us maintain accurate records by informing us of changes or modifications to your personal information.
Other Web Sites Linked to The Check Depot Web Site
The Check Depot is not responsible for the content or information practices employed by other Web sites that are linked to or from The Check Depot Web sites. In most cases, links to non-The Check Depot Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of the The Check Depot Web sites.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using The Check Depot Web sites, you consent to the Privacy Policy for The Check Depot. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the The Check Depot Web sites. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Your continued use of The Check Depot Web sites following the posting of changes to these terms means that you accept these changes.