https://www.homebuyingtips.net/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions Home / Terms and Conditions Last updated: November 5, 2019
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the https://homebuyingtips.net website (the “Service”) operated by Home Buying Tips (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.Intellectual Property The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Home Buying Tips and its licensors.Links To Other Web Sites Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Home Buying Tips.
Home Buying Tips has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Home Buying Tips shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.Termination We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.Disclaimer Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.Governing Law These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.Changes We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 15 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.Contact Us If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.Newsletter Signup!
EmailRecent PostsSmart Landscaping Ideas To Spruce Up Your BackyardApril 12, 2020You don’t have to be a professional landscaper to spruce up your backyard. In fact, you don’t even need to hire one. Landscaping your own backyard isn’t really as hard …Read More »Metallic Epoxy Floors Los AngelesNovember 6, 2019Who doesn’t like shiny and smart looking floors that make their guests fall in love with the whole room the minute they set foot inside the house. Epoxy Floors Los …Read More »Buying a new homeNovember 1, 2019New homes are more expensive than pre-owned homes of similar size, but they can be as light and bright as you wish and generally come with a more open layout. …Read More »Atlanta Epoxy FloorOctober 23, 2019Suppose you are looking to sell your idea in near future, then not a bad idea. Prior to selling, it is best to increase the resale value. This will allow …Read More »Purchasing a home: closing the deal and moving inOctober 2, 2019Closing day is typically 30 to 45 days from when the Seller and Buyer agreed to terms and signed a final Purchase Agreement.  In most eastern states the closing is …Read More »
Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy