http://www.militarychild.org/privacy-statement
Close
What are you looking for?
Privacy Statement
Purpose:
The Military Child Education Coalition® (MCEC®) is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring you have a positive experience on our website.
What this Privacy Statement Covers:
This Military Child Education Coalition Online Privacy Statement is applicable worldwide and covers how the MCEC treats personal information collected by us through our website.
Collection of Your Personal Information:
The MCEC will always notify you before we collect any Personal information from you and will inform you of the purpose for collecting such information. “Personal Information” is any information that can be used to identify an individual, and may include, but is not limited to, name, email address, postal or other physical address, credit or debit card number, title occupation, and other information required to provide a service or carry out at transaction that you may have requested. Some of the reasons we collect your Personal Information include:
Registration for membership programs or newsletter subscriptions
Request for information about us
Placement of a transaction or order
Registration to attend a workshop, seminar, or conference
Participation in an online survey
Participation in discussion groups or forum
Application for employment or volunteer opportunities
User of Your Personal Information:
The MCEC will only use your Personal Information in the manner we specified it would be used when it was collected. We will not subsequently change the way your Personal Information is used without your consent. Some of the ways we may use your Personal Information include:
Process your orders and deliver the services or materials you have ordered;
Keep you up to date on the latest MCEC announcements, activities, programs or services;
Notify you of special offers and other such information;
Provide customer feedback and support;
Conduct questionnaires and surveys in order to provide better products and services to our customers. Your completion of any questionnaires is voluntary.
Access to and Accuracy of Your Personal Information:
We need help in keeping your Personal Information accurate and up to date. Please notify us of any changes to your Personal Information.
You will have the ability to view or edit your Personal Information online. In order to help prevent your Personal Information from being viewed by others, you will be required to sign in with your email address and password.
Non-personal/Anonymous Information Collection:
The MCEC collects information about your computer or other electronic device when you visit our Web sites and use our online resources. This information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, domain name, browser type, date and time of your request and information provided by tracking technologies, such as cookies. If you use a mobile device to access our web sites and online resources, we also may collect information about your device, such as your device ID and device type, as well as usage information about your device and your use of our mobile Web sites and other mobile resources.
Some MCEC services and online resources are offered in collaboration with other online service providers. Your interaction with those third-party providers may require you to provide personal information (i.e. shipping/mailing address, name, birth date). Each of our third-party providers are under licensing agreements with MCEC and will not release Personal Information to the public. These third party providers only use this information in conjunction with the service(s) they are providing. Each third-party provider has its own privacy policy and you are encouraged to review the privacy policy of those third-party providers.
Sharing Your Personal Information:
The MCEC does not sell, rent, share or trade your Personal Information to third parties for marketing purposes.
When you request certain MCEC services, we may need to share your Personal Information with service vendors, authorized third-party agents or contractors in order to process the requested service or transaction, including processing and shipping orders, and processing credit card transactions. We only provide these third parties with the minimum amount of Personal Information necessary to complete/provide the requested service or transaction.
We may respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by disclosing your Personal Information and other related information, if necessary. We also may choose to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims and use your Personal Information in this regard as appropriate.
We may collect and possibly share Personal Information and any other additional information available to us in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected or potential fraud, brand protection matters, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of MCEC’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
While navigating our website you may be directed to content or a functionality that is hosted by a third-party supplier. When information is collected on behalf of MCEC exclusively, this Military Child Education Coalition Online Privacy Statement will be referenced on the website and will govern how your information is used. For other, non-MCEC websites, the website owner’s privacy statement will apply.
We will ask you for your consent before we use or share your Personal Information for any purpose other than the reason you provided it or as otherwise provided by this Privacy Statement. To let us know your preferences, we will require an action on your part, such as checking the appropriate option, to indicate your consent.
Security of Your Personal Information:
The MCEC is committed to protecting the Personal Information you share with us. When we transfer sensitive personal data (for example, credit card information) over the internet, we protect it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption.
We utilize a combination of industry-standard security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. However, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its security.
We recommend you take every precaution in protecting your Personal Information when you are on the internet. For example, change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers when creating passwords, and make sure you use a secure browser.
Linked Websites:
Our website may provide links to other third-party websites and services which are outside our control and not covered by this Online Privacy Statement. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy statements posted on these sites.
Forums/Chat Rooms/Blogging:
If you participate in a discussion forum, chat room, or in posting a Blog on the MCEC website, you should be aware that the personal and other information you provide there will be made broadly available to others, and can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums, potentially inside or outside the MCEC. This personal information collected could also be used to send you unsolicited messages. Each participant’s opinion on a forum, chat room, or Blog post is his or her own and should not be considered as reflecting the opinion of the MCEC. We are not responsible for the Personal Information or any other information you choose to share in the forum, chat room, or on a Blog.
We post testimonials/comments/reviews which may contain personal information including name, title and photograph. We do obtain the individual’s consent prior to posting such information.
Children's Privacy
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) governs gathering information online from or about children under the age of 13. Verifiable consent from a child's parent or guardian is required before collecting, using, or disclosing personal information from a child under the age of 13. The MCEC works hard to protect the identity of children using its website, and uses contact information of children and adults only for MCEC-related purposes.
Updates to this Military Child Education Coalition Online Privacy Statement:
The MCEC may update this privacy statement at any time. It is your responsibility to review it from time to time. We will post a notice to this policy and the home page link whenever material changes have been made to this policy. Your continued use of the MCEC website after any change will signify and confirm your assent to those changes.
If you have any questions, complaints or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact the MCEC Chief Operating Officer at (254) 953-1923.