http://www.RecipeCottage.com/privacy_statement.html
Privacy Statement for http://www.RecipeCottage.com
RecipeCottage has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: http://www.RecipeCottage.com.When
our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address), unique identifiers (like their social security number), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income
level), the customer's contact information will be used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected for use as account numbers in our record system and for other purposes.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their
preferences.This site contains links to other sites.
http://www.RecipeCottage.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web
sites.Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services.
We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address), unique identifiers (like their social security number), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material from some of our partners to our customers.
The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors for use as account numbers in our record system.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address), unique identifiers (like their social security number), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).
The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address), unique identifiers (like their social security number), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).
We use contact data from our contests to send users promotional material from some of our partners.
The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Unique identifiers (like social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors for use as account numbers in our record system.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.We
occasionally may use an outside ad company to display ads on our site.
Ads may contain cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but in reality they are coming from our partners who are serving ads on our site.
Our site does not use cookies.
We do not have access to any information about you from cookies you might receive while visiting our site.Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
These include, but are not limited to, password protection and sometimes, data
encryption, of data files that contain any information that you might enter to
be used while using our site.  We have taken measures to implement state of
the art security when it comes to placing an order on our secure order system.Choice/Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to Admin@RecipeCottage.comDisclaimer
This site is also not responsible for breeches of security to our site,
including, but not limited to, hackers, break-ins, theft, and workers gaining
access to secure and insecure data.  If this site is sold, traded, or given
away to another entity, the original makers and administrators of this site
cannot be held responsible for any actions of future owners.  We will make
every attempt to keep our users protected, but it should be noted that we do not
guarantee complete security of user information, and therefore cannot be held
financially, legally, personally, or otherwise responsible for unforeseeable
future circumstances.  In short, this is this internet - people DO gain
access to data every day, even when it doesn't make the evening news - if you
REALLY don't want information pertaining to yourself seen by anyone, don't give
it out.  While we want the best for our visitors, we will not and cannot be
the ones held responsible for any damages to you, your information, your
computer, or any entity that you may be involved with if you give us information
that is sensitive to you and someone you don't want getting it, gets it.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
email Admin@RecipeCottage.comContacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
you can contact
RecipeCottage.com
IT Dept.
Admin@RecipeCottage.com