http://www.safebuy.org.uk/business/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We at SafeBuy are totally committed to protecting your privacy. We comply with the principles of the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 subsequently incorporating the EU Cookie Regulations of May 2011. We conform with the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
We collect information about you in order to process your application and to tailor your visit to our website to be as relevant to you as possible. That information will not be shared with other parties without your agreement.
The information we hold may include:
Your nameAddressPhone numberEmail address
Other information necessary for processing your application (we will advise you)
Data will only be released to third parties (e.g. the police) on request where there is a legal requirement for us to do so.
Cookies – what they are and how we use them
Cookies are small text files that our website and sometimes emails place in your computer to ensure that your experience of our offerings is as effective as possible. They remember any options you have chosen for example and your password or particular interests. They also enable us to track visitors’ usage of our site so that we can continuously improve it. There’s nothing mysterious about them and they do not collect personal data.
Like pretty much all website owners we have always operated cookies and visitors have had the benefit of using them. EU regulations now require us to inform you of what they are and give you the option to prohibit them if you wish.
We’re using the word ‘cookies‘ here to include things like ‘web beacons’ and ‘Flash cookies’ which serve similar functions. ‘Your computer’ includes anything connected to the internet including laptops, office machines, tablets, mobile phones and so on.
Now, or in the future, we may use cookies in the following categories:
Necessary - Without these our website will not function correctly.
Helpful – to us and to you. We monitor visitor activity on our website (without collecting any data on you) so that we can improve the site structure, page routing options and processing systems to help all visitors. These cookies also help us to guide you to pages likely to be of most interest to you.
Personal – for your benefit. These cookies remember your password and other preferences and can allow you to link onwards to watch a video or join in an online conversation.
Third party adverts. They do not know who you are and we don’t tell them. But they may be included on our site to invite you to follow an interest. On emails. We may use web beacons to check whether our emails are actually opened and whether any links in them are clicked on. That way we learn not to send you junk. If you choose plain text to download instead of HTML the web beacon is eliminated. And all our emails also give you a total opt-out procedure.
Rather than listing data on all the cookies we use or may use in the future you will almost certainly find it quicker and easier to set your web browser to control cookie usage on all the sites you visit. If you have a very old browser you may need to bring it up to date to use effective cookie controls.
In continuing to use our website you are agreeing to our use of cookies as outlined above.
By using our site you agree to our use of cookies. Our website use cookies to make your browsing experience better. Learn more Close and don't show again