http://www.popgadget.net/terms.php
Make Us Your
Homepage
CATEGORIES
BEST OF POP
FEATURES
PORTABLE MEDIA
CELL PHONES
COMPUTERS
PERIPHERALS
DEVICES (all)
MISC GADGETS
ACCESSORIES
ON THE WEB
SHOPPING
HOME/LIVING
EAT/DRINK
WEARABLES
BODY/BEAUTY
ECO/GREEN
LUXURY
CULTURE
CURRENT AFFAIRS
TOYS
GAMING
DESIGN
CARS
PET GEAR
DEALS
GIFT GUIDES 2008
SOFTWARE
CONTESTS
NOVELTY
RSS FEEDS
RSS 2.0
XML/Atom
Add to Yahoo
Bloglines
PUBLISHED BY
POPLIFE MEDIA
Popgadget
Babygadget
LINKS
CNET
We-Make-Money-Not-Art
Kitchen Contraptions
Cooking Gadgets
Textually
SheFinds
Pocketables
Plastic Bamboo
Engadget
Cool Hunting
Inhabitat
misBehaving
design*sponge
Gizmodo
ShinyShiny
The Gadgeteer
Wonderland
Oh Gizmo!
Tree Hugger
Lifehacker
Ubergizmo
Book of Joe
Eyebeam reBlog
Medgadget
Julia Set
Game Girl Advance
See Art / Make Art
Cribcandy
Tech_space
Smart Stuff
Mental Floss
Social Bookmarking
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully.
These terms and conditions govern your use of the Popgadget website published by PopLife Media, LLC.
These terms and conditions are subject to change by PopLife Media at any time in its discretion. Your use of the website after such changes are implemented constitutes your acceptance of the changes. Please consult these terms and conditions regularly. These terms and conditions were last updated on May 8, 2006.
Use of Content
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License.
Comments on Popgadget
By submitting content to Popgadget through comments posted on the website, or by contributing other information or material to Popgadget, the user grants PopLife Media a royalty-free, unrestricted, world-wide, perpetual, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, or distribute such contributed content.
In order to keep discussions on Popgadget interesting and civil, users must adhere to the following guidelines:
1.	In contributing comments or other information on Popgadget, do not post any of the following material:
- material which threatens or abuses others, or which is defamatory  or libelous, or which is
invasive of another's privacy;
- material which the user does not have the right to post,  including the proprietary material of any third party;
- material which advocates illegal activity or discusses an intent to  commit an illegal act;
- material for advertising or commercial solicitation; or
- material which is vulgar, obscene, pornographic, or indecent.
2. Users will keep all comments relevant to the particular article to which the comment is posted.
Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties or any other users are those of the respective author(s) and not of PopLife Media.
Linked Sites Disclaimer
Popgadget contains frequent links to third party websites.
By providing links to other external sites, PopLife Media does not guarantee, approve or endorse the information or products available at those sites.
Placement of links does not indicate any association with or control over other sites or the links contained within those sites.
PopLife Media does not examine, or verify the accuracy or suitability of any information contained in any such sources. Accordingly, PopLife Media will have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for any content contained within any such sources. Users may access, use, and rely upon such content at the user's own risk.
Users are responsible for complying with the terms of service of the linked sites, as well as other laws governing the use of websites.
Except for information, products or services clearly identified as being supplied by PopLife Media, PopLife Media does not operate, control or endorse any information, products or services on the Internet in any way. PopLife Media cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the Internet will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. Each user is responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy his/her particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to the website for the reconstruction of any lost data. PopLife Media does not assume any responsibility or risk for the user's use of the Internet.
PopLife Media expressly disclaims any and all warranties with respect to any content accessible within or through the website, express or implied, including any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, or non-infringement.
The Internet contains unedited materials, some of which are sexually explicit or may be offensive. Users access such materials at their own risk. PopLife Media has no control over and accepts no responsibility whatsoever for such materials.
SPECIAL NOTICE:
Linked sites may contain content and graphics that contain sexually
explicit material unsuitable for minors, or that may otherwise be offensive. If you enter these linked sites, you assert that you are of legal adult age in your jurisdiction to view such materials and that the viewing, reading, and/or downloading of content from these linked sites does not violate the community standards of your locality, city, town, county, state, province, country or other community in which you belong, and/or from which you access these linked sites.
Not Intended for Children
This website is not intended for viewers under the age of 18 years.
Some material on the Popgadget website may concern topics not suitable for children.
Privacy Policy
PopLife Media is committed to protecting your privacy and security.
Please read our privacy policy.
Contact
Should you have any questions or concerns about these terms and conditions of use, please call us at 301-526-6370 or send us an email at info@popgadget.net.
Back to Top
Best of Popgadget
10.21.2010
We're back!! And where we've been...
Hello! It's been a while, and I'm so happy to say, we are going to be back and better than ever. We will be changing just a little bit- bringing you more frequently updated content, in a somewhat abbreviated...Read More
Popgadget Recent Comments
Popgadget Steals & Deals
Mom Wants Gadgets for Mother's DayTrade-in Your Old ElectronicsPopgadget Giveaway from American Express! My Life on Points6-Foot HDMI cable at $3.19 includes shippingSony offers some exciting deals for Mother's DayUnlocked iPhone! Only $599. Or $699.Got four friends? Take a Peek at this great offerGreen Tech: Eco-fashions priced to move31 ways to save money on technology from PCWorld
Popgadget Random Images
Where is this image from?
See more random images
On This Day
Take a little stroll down memory lane. See what Popgadget was writing about on this day in
2012
2009
2008
2007
2006
2004
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Notice