https://www.helpiammoving.com/Terms_and_Conditions.php
Deprecated:
mysql_connect(): The mysql extension is deprecated and will be removed in the future: use mysqli or PDO instead in /home/helpiammocom/public_html/db.php on line 3
Terms and Conditions
Home / Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions / User Agreement
Please read the following carefully. We strongly advise you to print a copy of these terms for future reference. This website is operated by Helpiammoving.com Ltd. As user of this website you acknowledge that any use of this website including any transactions you make are subject to our terms and conditions below.
Limitation of liability for any loss or damage
Helpiammoving.com Ltd shall not be liable for any loss or damage including loss of profits or any other consequential loss arising directly or indirectly from the use or reliance on information provided or from any product supplied or errors or deficiencies in the web site whether caused by negligence or otherwise.
Helpiammoving.com Ltd shall not be liable for any loss or damage including loss of profits or any other consequential loss arising directly or indirectly from the use or reliance on information provided or from any product supplied or errors or deficiencies in the web site whether caused by negligence or otherwise.
Security
Pages that request payment information are encrypted and protected using the highest commercially available encryption key length of 128-bits provided by Verisign. SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) Software, which encrypts any data transmitted - please see below.
The secure socket layer (SSL) encrypts all your personal information including credit or debit card number, name and address. The encryption process takes the characters you enter and converts them into bits of code that are then securely transmitted over the Internet. For more information on our secure transaction partners please visit www.sagepay.com
Data protection and privacy Information
When you place orders we offer the use of a secure server. We DO NOT sell on your personal details to a third party and are registered under the Data Protection Act (Number Z8657840) Your personal data is only used for the purpose of processing your order and from time to time to send an email regarding a request for feedback. This is only to improve our service and not to sell additional products. For more information on the data protection please visit: www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk
The Use of Cookies
We use cookies to identify you when you enter our site as well as to maintain your shopping basket whilst you place your order. In order to use our site it is essential that you have cookies activated in your web browser. All cookies are set to expire after only two hours. You can view more information about our cookie policy here
Virus free
Helpiammoving.com Ltd does not warrant that the web site will operate error free or that the web site and its server are free from computer viruses. The user must take their own precautions in this respect and Helpiammoving.com accepts no responsibility for any infection by any virus or other contamination which has destructive properties. Nothing on this web site shall render Helpiammoving.com liable for any loss or liability as a result of any server crashes or being out of service, deletion, corruption, loss or removal of data arising out of the occurrence of any matter outside its reasonable control.
Copyright
Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission from Helpiammoving.com is prohibited. All content included on this site including graphics, imagery, illustrations text, logos, webdesign layout, forms, php are the property of Helpiammoving.com Ltd and may not be copied in any form.
Links to third party websites
This Site may contain hyperlinks to other web sites. Helpiammoving.com is not responsible for the content of these internet sites. You agree and acknowledge that you are solely responsible for evaluating any goods or services offered by us or third parties via the site and that we will not in any way responsible for any transactions between you and a third party.
Third party Images
This Site may contain images from other websites where possible the original copyright owner will be credited. Helpiammoving.com is not responsible for the reproduction of these images. You agree and acknowledge that you are solely responsible for evaluating any goods or services offered by us or third parties via the web site and that we will not in any way responsible for any transactions between you and a third party. Any copyright dispute must be notified to us immediately so the matter can be addressed.
Old and cached pages
This Site may contain web pages that are no longer actively maintained or have been cached. If you find a webpage that you believe to be be out of date or contains errors or misrepresentations you must inform Helpiammoving.com immediately.
Disclaimer
Exclusions and Limitations
The information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this Company:
excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Company's literature; and excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement contained herein.
General
The laws of England and Wales govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website [and using our services/buying our products] you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply. Failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorised representatives of the Company.
Notification of Changes
The Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers' Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail or postal mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis
These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a booking or Agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.
© Helpiammoving.com Ltd 2020 All Rights Reserved.
Top Posts
How to choose a removal companyTop tips on choosing your moving company in . A quick guide on Removal companies and what to look for.Avoid Moving NghtmaresHow to avoid these moving nightmares when moving in
and what to look for.Top Moving House TipsThe best moving house tips, to help you move house in , quickly and stress free.
Top Moving House Tips
#2 Always get at least three quotesEnsure your removal company visits your property so you can show them exactly what needs to be moved. Don’t just rely on email or telephone.see more moving tips...
Packing Boxes
Moving, Packing Boxes for moving house, Bubble wrap and tape.
If you cannot find your town have a look at the towns and cities that we have help people move house in recently.Moving house in the UK
toggle navigation
Home
Moving House Advice
Moving home advice
Downsizing
Packing Up
Buying Boxes
Choosing a Removal Company
Top Moving Tips
Moving into store or storage
Self storage advice
Mobile Self storage advice
Green Eco Moving
Mini and student moves
Moving yourself - diy moves
Moving your plants
Decluttering
Skip Hire
Change your address
Moving with Children
Moving when pregnant
Moving with children
Childrens Scrapbook
Job Badges
Pictures / Puzzles
Top Tips (kids)
Moving home cards
Books / Links
Moving Pets
Moving with Dogs
Moving home with cats
Moving your Fish
Faqs
Moving associations and trade bodies
Moving FAQs
Useful Contacts
Be on T.V.
Moving House TV
Moving House Guides
Home Guides
Tips on selling your home
Conveyancing
Moving Guides
Moving Home Guides
Moving House in 60 seconds.
Moving yourself, DIY moves
Guide to packing boxes
Moving Articles
Printable docs
Countdown - pdf
Moving plants - pdf
Moving Day Contacts - pdf
Moving HomeChecklists
Move Checklists
4-2 weeks to move
1 week before move
3 Days to move day
2 Days before move
1 Day to moving day
Moving Day (Loading)
Moving Day (Unloading)
Find Moving companies
Packing Boxes
Helpiammoving.com® Ltd cannot be held responsible for any errors or omissions upon this website, if you see something that you feel is incorrect or out of date please contact us and we will do our best to rectify any issues brought to our attention.
UK Free Moving/Removals Quotes | Take Down Policy |
Privacy Policy & Cookies | Terms & Conditions
Operated by Helpiammoving.com® "helping you move home"
-
Helpiammoving.com Ltd is registered in England & Wales. Helpiammoving.com® is part of Helpineed®
© 2000-2020 All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission from Helpiammoving.com® is prohibited. Helpiammoving.com® Ltd shall not be liable for any loss or damage including loss of profits or any other consequential loss arising directly or indirectly from the use or reliance on information provided or from any product supplied or errors or deficiencies in the web site whether caused by negligence or otherwise.
Helpiammoving.com®
© 2000-2020