http://www.childstats.gov/privacy.asp
Home  |  About the Forum  |  Publications  |  Help
Search
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Childstats and reviewing our privacy policy. We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. We do not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party.
Information collected and stored automatically
We analyze user traffic patterns on Childstats from information automatically provided by your browser when you visit our site. This information includes the IP address of your computer or network, the date, time, and page you visited on our site, your browser and operating system, and the referring page (the last webpage you visited before clicking on a link to Childstats).
We use the aggregated information from all of our visitors to measure server performance and improve the content of our site.
We sometimes track the keywords that are entered into our search engine to measure interest in specific topics, but we do not track which terms a particular user enters.
Links to other sites
Childstats uses link and search capabilities to navigate publicly available statistics from numerous federal agencies and other sites. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest contacting these sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.
Cookies
What are cookies? Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site uses for record keeping purposes. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and you'll find cookies at most major Web sites.
By showing how and when guests use the site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to our site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies.
On those pages where we use "cookies" to facilitate your use of our site, we do not collect personal information about you and the cookie will be destroyed as soon as you exit your browser. There is no information stored on your computer and no unauthorized files are written onto your disk drives.
Information from e-mail you send to us:
If you decide to send us an electronic mail message (e-mail), the message will usually contain your return e-mail address. If you include personally-identifying information in your e-mail because you want us to address issues specific to your situation, we may use that information in responding to your request, but it will only be used in tracking the types of users who access this site. Also, e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. Please send only information necessary to help us process your request.
Site security
We monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or to otherwise cause damage to the site. Anyone using this Web site expressly consents to such monitoring.
Federal Interagency Forum on Child and Family Statistics  |  Twitter feed: @childstats
|
Privacy Policy  |  Contact Us