http://www.nbccam.org/privacy-policy
Turn on more accessible mode
Turn off more accessible mode
Skip Ribbon Commands
Skip to main content
Turn off Animations
Turn on Animations
Page Content
Privacy PolicyProtecting your privacy is important to the Community Association Managers International Certification Board (CAMICB). We understand the importance our Web users place on their personal information. We want you to understand what information we collect and how we use it.  By visiting www.camicb.org, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted in this statement.
SecurityCAMICB takes every precaution to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the Web site, your information is protected.  When you enter sensitive information, such as a credit card number, the information is encrypted with industry standard encryption software—SSL. While on a secure page, such as our CMCA Application, the lock icon displays in Web browsers such as Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Information Collection and UseCAMICB collects information via Community Associations Institute's (CAI's) membership and through CMCA applications.At times, email and postal addresses are used to contact members in order to generate volunteer support for the organization or to send surveys to collect data for industry research.Names, phone and fax numbers, and email and postal addresses for CMCA certificants are posted in the Directory of Credentialed Professionals. If you wish to be removed from the Directory, please contact CAMICB at 703.970.9300, or toll-free at 866.779.CMCA, or e-mail
info@camicb.org.
CookiesCookies are files stored on a user's computer. They are correlated to the particular user but are not linked to any personally identifiable information. CAMICB uses persistent cookies, which reside on the user's computer for an extended period of time, and session cookies, which terminate once the user closes the Web browser, to enable use of the online applications and personal profile sections of our site. We monitor aggregate visitor data with Google Analytics, which uses cookies to collect anonymous traffic information.You can opt to decline cookies or delete them at your discretion. Web browser "help" files will provide proper instructions. If you choose not to accept cookies, you may not have access to the full benefits of the website.
Log FilesLike most Web sites, CAMICB's Web site uses log files. The log files include IP (Internet protocol) addresses, browser type, referring pages, and time/date stamp, but they are only used to determine overall demographic information about our visitors and are not linked to personally identifiable information. CAMICB uses these statistics in order to provide better service and to improve the function and quality of the site for you and other users. We monitor aggregate data with Statistics Server LiveStats.
SharingCAMICB uses outside sources for Web site hosting. The ISP has access to information stored in our Web databases and log files. The data is stored for display as appropriate. The servers that store this information are in a secure environment provided by our hosting companies. CAMICB employees who need information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information.
LinksThis Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that CAMICB is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. When you click on links to other sites, please be aware that you are leaving www.camicb.org and that this Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected on this site.Visitors to www.camicb.org can rest assured, knowing that personal information is safe and secure.
Community Association Managers International Certification BoardPagesprivacy-policy