http://www.greycoatplacements.co.uk/website-terms-and-policies/
Seasons Greetings to all. Please note our office hours over the holidays -  Close Thursday 24th December 2020 at 2pm, Open on Monday 04th January 2021 at 8am
We wanted to assure our clients and candidates that we
remain open for business.  For more information CLICK HERE
Have you Applied to Register with Greycoat Lumleys?
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
close
Home
›
Website Terms and Policies
Website Terms and Policies
Terms of Website UseThis page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.greycoatlumleys.co.uk (“Our Site”), whether as a guest or a registered user. Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site. By using Our Site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using Our Site.
Information About Us www.greycoatlumleys.co.uk is a site operated by Greycoat Placements Limited trading as Greycoat Lumleys whose registered office is at Old Church House, Sandy Lane, Crawley Down, Crawley, West Sussex RH10 4HS (“We” or “Us”).
Accessing Our Site Access to Our Site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on Our Site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason Our Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of Our Site, or our entire site, to users who have registered with us.
When using Our Site, you must comply with the provisions of our acceptable use policy.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to Our Site.  You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access Our Site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
Intellectual Property Rights We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in Our Site, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from Our Site for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our site.
You must not: (A) republish material from Our Site (including republication on another website);(B) sell, rent or sub-license material from Our Site; (C) show any material from Our Site in public; (D) reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on Our Site for a commercial purpose; (E) edit or otherwise modify any material on Our Site;
(F) modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text; or (G) redistribute material from Our Site except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution (such as our newsletter).
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on Our Site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the materials on Our Site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of Our Site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use Our Site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Our Site Changes Regularly We aim to update Our Site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on Our Site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Limited Warranties We do not warrant the completeness or accuracy of the information published on Our Site; nor do we commit to ensuring that Our Site remains available or that the material on the Our Site is kept up to date.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to Our Site and the use of Our Site (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill).
Our Liability The material displayed on Our Site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with Our Site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for: ·  loss of income or revenue; ·  loss of business; ·  loss of profits or contracts; ·  loss of anticipated savings; ·  loss of data; ·  loss of goodwill; ·  wasted management or office time; and ·  for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Information About You and Your Visits to our Site We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy.  By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Transactions Concluded Through Our Site Contracts for the supply of the Services formed through Our Site or as a result of visits made by you are governed by our terms and conditions of supply which will be provided to you upon enquiry and formation of the contracts.
Viruses, Hacking and Other Offences You must not misuse Our Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which Our Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack Our Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use Our Site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of Our Site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Linking to Our Site You may link to our Home Page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Our Site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of Our Site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy.
If you wish to make any use of material on Our Site other than that set out above, please address your request to info@greycoatlumleys.co.uk   Links from Our Site Where Our Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.  We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Breaches of these Terms of Use Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms of use, if you breach these terms of use in any way, we may take such action as we deem appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing Our Site, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing Our Site, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variations We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Exclusion of Third Party Rights These terms of use are for the benefit of you and us, and are not intended to benefit any third party or be enforceable by any third party. The exercise of our and your rights in relation to these terms of use is not subject to the consent of any third party.
Jurisdiction and Applicable Law The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to Our Site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
Your Concerns If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact info@greycoatlumleys.co.uk
Acceptable Use PolicyThis Acceptable Use Policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our website www.greycoatlumleys.co.uk (“Our Site”). This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, Our Site.
Your use of Our Site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement our terms of website use.
www.greycoatlumleys.co.uk is a site operated by Greycoat Placements Limited trading as Greycoat Lumleys whose registered office is at Old Church House, Sandy Lane, Crawley Down, Crawley, West Sussex RH10 4HS (“we” or “us”)
Prohibited Uses You may use Our Site only for lawful purposes.  You may not use Our Site:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of Our Site in contravention of the provisions of our terms of website use.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:               any part of Our Site;               any equipment or network on which Our Site is stored;                any software used in the provision of Our Site; or                any equipment or network or software owned orused by any third party.
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of Our Site.  When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the terms of use upon which you are permitted to use Our Site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use Our Site.
Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to Our Site.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy.  The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Changes to the Acceptable Use Policy We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on Our Site.
Cookies & Privacy PolicyGreycoat Lumleys ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. In particular please note that our site http://www.greycoatlumleys.co.uk (“Our Site”) uses cookies. By using our Site and agreeing to this policy, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is Greycoat Placements Limited trading as Greycoat Lumleys whose registered office is at Old Church House, Sandy Lane, Crawley Down, Crawley, West Sussex RH10 4HS and our data protection registration number is Z4772288.
Information We May Collect From You  We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Site. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use Our Site, subscribing to our service or requesting further services such as newsletters or email notifications. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with Our Site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of your visits to Our Site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
Any information that we collect will be stored securely on our firewall protected servers and we will take all reasonable technical and administrative precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of any personal information that we have stored.
IP Addresses We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Cookies Our site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Cookies are small text files located in browser directories. Some of these cookies are essential to make our Site work and others help us to improve by giving us some insight into how our Site is being used. By using this Site you agree to allow cookies to be used.
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:
to recognise your computer when you visit our Site;
to track you as you navigate our website, and to enable the use of the some of the features on our Site;
to improve the Site’s usability;
to analyse the use of our Site;
and in the administration of this Site.
When you use our Site, you may also be sent third party cookies. We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this Site. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's Privacy Policy is available at: Google Privacy Policy  All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to Our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses Made of the Information We use information held about you in the following ways:
to ensure that content from Our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
to notify you about changes to our services;
to deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to Our Site;
and to keep Our Site secure and prevent fraud.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about the services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
Your personal information will not, without your prior express written consent, be provided to any third parties for marketing purposes.
Disclosure of Your Information If it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, we may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, contractors or agents.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Greycoat Lumleys or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Greycoat Lumleys, our customers, or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.  Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at info@greycoatlumleys.co.uk   Third Party Websites Our Site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Access to Information The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you as well as the provision of appropriate evidence such that we can verify your identity (for example: a photocopy of your passport or driving licence certified by a solicitor or bank plus a copy of a recent utility bill showing your current address)
Changes to our Privacy Policy Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@greycoatlumleys.co.uk
Greycoat Lumleys is part of the Empresaria Group plc
Types of Staff we Provide
Private Households & EstatesChildcare & EducationCatering & Hospitality
Corporate StaffingSki & Yacht
Greycoat Lumleys Director
Debbie Salter
Managing Director, based in London
Email Debbie
Useful Links
Make an EnquiryWhere We WorkOur Recruitment Process for ClientsJoin the Greycoat Lumleys Team
Our Offices
Greycoat Lumleys London office covers jobs in London, South of England and International
Greycoat Lumleys NoE office covers jobs in the majority of counties in the North of England and Wales
Greycoat Lumleys Edinburgh office covers jobs in Scotland
London Office
Uncommon Offices N101, 126-128 New Kings Road, London, SW6 4LZ
T +44 (0) 20 7233 9950 | info@greycoatlumleys.co.uk
North of England Office
T 1298 600 414 | northofengland@greycoatlumleys.co.uk
Scotland Office
No 1 Hill Street, Edinburgh, EH2 3JP
T 0131 556 5139 | scotland@greycoatlumleys.co.uk
Advanced Search
Looking for Staff
Looking for a Job
News & Events
About Us
Contact Us
GDPR consent form
My Chef
Sitemap