http://www.campbellsoup.co.uk/privacy-policy
This website is operated by Campbell Foods UK Ltd (“Campbell Foods UK”, “we”, “our”) (VAT no 330 3453 42). This Privacy Notice is intended to provide you with information on how Campbells Food UK collects and processes your personal information (“Personal Data”) and for which purposes we may process the data.
Our Responsibilities
Personal Data We Collect
Purposes and Legal Bases for Processing of Your Personal Data
Sharing Your Personal Data
Transferring Your Personal Data Outside of the EU/EEA
Security & Retention of Your Personal Data
Your Rights as a Data Subject
Children
Cookies
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Links
Questions or Complaints
1. Our Responsibilities
We are a "data controller" and are therefore responsible for deciding how and for which purposes we process your Personal Data. We are required under Article 13 and 14 of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (“GDPR”) to provide you with information as set out in this Privacy Notice, which applies to processing of data collected from our consumers via our websites (the “Sites”).
2. Personal Data We Collect
We gather Personal Data from you related to contact information, such as first and last names, home address, telephone number and email addresses, and your enquiry that you provide voluntarily when you fill in appropriate sections of our website or when you directly message us via our social media channels. We collect this or similar Personal Data, for example, when you complete our “Contact Us” section or otherwise enquire about product availability, nutrition and ingredients, or provide feedback. We may also collect similar Personal Data when you enter a competition via our Sites, on pack promotions or through social media. We also may collect information contained in records of communications between you and us, including emails and text messages, and information regarding your marketing preferences. You may also provide us with Personal Data via consumer reviews or other online forums.
We also collect technical information (to the extent such information constitutes Personal Data) through your activity and use of the Sites. For example, we collect information about the devices you have used (such as the IP address you use to connect your device to the internet and the browser type and version you use on your device); and information about your use of the Site and any services we offer (such as the pages you have viewed). We may receive information from other sources, such as information from any of the other Sites we operate or the services we provide, if you use any of them.
If you provide us with Personal Data about another person, you must ensure that before you provide us with their Personal Data, you have their agreement to do so and that they are aware of the ways in which we use Personal Data as set out in this Privacy Notice.
3. Purposes and Legal Bases for Processing of Your Personal Data
Our main aim in gathering your Personal Data is to provide you with a customised service. In particular, your Personal Data may be used by us, our employees and service providers and disclosed to third parties for the following purposes. For each of these purposes, we have set out the legal basis on which we process your Personal Data.
Purpose
Legal Basis
To provide the website to you.
This is in our legitimate interest (i.e., the provision of the website to you), c.f. GDPR 6(1)(f).
To provide you with the services we offer (including any promotions, sweepstakes or contests).
This is in our legitimate interest (i.e., the provision of the services to you), and depending on the circumstances, to perform a contract between you and us, c.f. GDPR 6(1)(f).
To communicate with you and other individuals and to carry out your requests and respond to your communications.
This is in our legitimate interest (i.e., the provision and support of the website and service), c.f. GDPR 6(1)(f).
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
This is to perform a contract between you and us, c.f. GDPR 6(1)(b).
To notify you about changes to the website.
This is in our legitimate interest (i.e., the provision of the website and service), c.f. GDPR 6(1)(f).
To audit and monitor the use of the website and to improve the quality of the website.
This is in our legitimate interest (i.e., the provision of the website and service, as well as to improve and support the security of the website and those services), c.f. GDPR 6(1)(f).
We may request your consent in circumstances where a legal justification over and above legitimate interests is required by applicable law (e.g., in relation to our use of certain cookies), c.f. GDPR 6(1)(a).
To manage complaints, feedback and queries.
This is in our legitimate interests (i.e., the provision and support of the website and service and improvements and development of our business operations), c.f. GDPR 6(1)(f).
To carry out satisfaction surveys and analysis.
This is in our legitimate interests (i.e., the provision and support of the website and service and improvement and development of our business operations), c.f. GDPR 6(1)(f).
To provide you with information about the services we offer in accordance with your preferences as indicated (this may include sending you marketing information for products or services of a promotional partner on that partner’s behalf), including any marketing consent preferences.
We can do this based on your consent, c.f. GDPR 6(1)(a).
To comply with any legal or regulatory obligations (including in connection with a court order and establishing, exercising or defending legal claims).
This is in our legitimate interests (i.e., protection of our business, employees and customers) and for compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject, c.f. GDPR 6(1)(f).
To enforce or apply the agreements concerning you (including agreements between you and us).
This is in our legitimate interest (i.e., protection of our business, employees and customers), c.f. GDPR 6(1)(f).
We may also aggregate Personal Data to create statistics for the purposes of monitoring website usage in order to help us develop the website and our services and may provide such aggregated statistical information to third parties. These statistics do not include information that identifies an individual.
4. Sharing your personal data
We may share your Personal Data within the company group to which Campbell Foods UK Ltd belongs (i.e. with affiliated companies). The selected companies are those that provide technical assistance and perform other functions to support our marketing and consumer care activities.
These third-parties include IT service providers, consumer care operations, and marketing and promotions agencies.
In some cases, third party providers may act as Data Controller with respect to your Personal Data and in those instances, we suggest you review their privacy notices.
The selected companies may have access to Personal Data if needed to perform such functions, but will only be permitted by us to use such Personal Data for the purpose of performing that function (which may include one to which you have expressly given your consent) and not for any other purpose.
We may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of a sale of some or all of our business and assets to any third party or as part of any business restructuring or reorganisation, or if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation or to enforce or apply our terms of use or to protect the rights, property or safety of our customers. However, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
We reserve the right to use or disclose any personal information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfil your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement or regulatory investigation. We do not sell, or rent Personal Data we have collected from you in connection with our website activities to third parties.
5. Transfering your personal data outside of the EU/EEA
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you outside of the European Union/European Economic Area (“EU/EEA”), for example, to our parent company, the Campbell Soup Company (“Campbell”), and our affiliates under the same parent company ("Affiliates") situated outside the EU/EEA.
Data protection law imposes restrictions on the transfer of personal data outside of the EU/EEA, but such transfers can be made if the country to which we transfer the data has an adequate level of protection for your rights, there are appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses in place allowing the transfer to take place, you have provided your consent or the transfer is necessary for reasons set out in the data protection laws.
If we transfer your information outside of the EU/EEA to a third country without an adequacy decision by the European Commission, we will take appropriate measures so that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Privacy Notice.
6. Security and retention of your personal data
The internet is not a secure medium and Campbell Foods UK cannot guarantee the security of your personal information provided over the internet.
As such, any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
We use reasonable efforts to implement procedures and security features to help maintain the security of your Personal Data from unauthorized access.
We will retain your personal information for different periods of time depending on the reason why it was collected or as long as the law requires.
7. Your rights as a data subject
To create transparency about our processing of your Personal Data, we must inform you of your rights. Under certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party (also known as data portability).
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on consent to use your personal information.
If you wish to exercise one or more of the rights mentioned above, please contact privacy@campbellsoup.co.uk.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), if you believe or suspect that we process your Personal Data in an unlawful manner.
You can reach the ICO at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, CheshireSK9 5AF or via telephone 0303 123 1113 or by visiting https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/.
8. Children
Campbell Foods UK does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for its Sites or services Sites may provide.
If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
9. Cookies
A cookie is a text file we may transfer to your hard drive through your web browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Opera, etc.) when you visit our Sites.  Cookies allow us to recognize you when you visit the Site and therefore improve our service to you by remembering your preferences.  Cookies may also be used to compile aggregate information about use of our sites, for example, the areas of our Sites which are visited most frequently.  This aggregate information can be used to enhance the content of our Sites and make your use of them easier.  If you wish to reject our cookie, you may configure your browser to do so.  However, if you do so, you may not be able to use certain features on our website.  For further information, please see our Cookie Notice.
10. Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may update this Privacy Notice at any time, and we last updated this Privacy Notice on Sept 23, 2019.
11. Links
This Site may contain hypertext links to other sites, which are not under our control.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites and we advise you to read the privacy policies of each website you visit which collects personal data.
12. Questions or Complaints
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or if you wish to exercise your rights as a data subject, please contact us at privacy@campbellsoup.co.uk.
We can also be reached at our registered address: Campbell Foods UK Ltd, 1 Princeton Mews, 167-169 London Road, Kingston Upon Thames, Surrey, United Kingdom, KT2 6PT
Accept cookies from this site
This website uses cookies to track your behavior and to improve your experience on the site.
You can always delete saved cookies by visiting the advanced settings of your browser.
Do not accept
Accept
Why Not Follow Us?
Twitter
Facebook
Follow usXClose