http://www.dadz.com/pages/terms-of-use
Skip to content
Last Updated June 17, 2020
Acceptance of Terms of Use
By visiting, using, or browsing any web site or portal published by Dadz.com (however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices, or otherwise), any of its affiliates or subsidiaries (collectively, “Dadz”, “Us” or “We”), you accept, without limitation or qualification these Terms of Use and agree, without limitation, to the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use and to our Privacy Policy, please do not use our services or visit our Web Sites. Acceptance of these terms constitutes a legal agreement between you and Dadz. These Terms of Use, along with our Privacy Policy, govern your use of Dadz.com and any other websites, applications, and other products and services offered by Dadz or its affiliates that include an authorized link to these Terms.
Additional terms may apply to your use of certain services or features available through the Web Site (“Additional Terms”). We will provide these terms to you or post them on the Web Site, and they are incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and any Additional Terms that apply to a particular service or feature, the Additional Terms will control with respect to that particular service or feature unless the Additional Terms expressly state otherwise.
Changes to Terms of Use
We may at any time revise these Terms of Use and/or our Privacy Policy. You are bound by any such revision and should therefore review this Web Site periodically to determine the then current Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and conditions to which you are bound. If you do not agree with any changes to these Terms of Use, your sole remedy is not to use the Web Site. If you continue to use the Web Site after we change these Terms of Use, you accept all changes.
Intellectual Property; License
The audio and video materials, images, photographs, articles, opinions, and other text, graphics, illustrations, logos, depictions, layouts, compilations, designs, interfaces, digital downloads, software, data compilations and other content associated with the Web Site (the “Content”) are owned or licensed by and to Dadz or other authorized third parties and are protected by intellectual property, copyright, trademark, trade dress and other laws in the U.S. and in other countries. You must comply with all such laws and applicable copyright, trademark or other legal notices or restrictions. You shall not remove or alter any copyright, trademark, or other legal notices marked on the Content. As between you and Dadz, we will retain all right, title, and interest in and to the Web Site and the Content. No transfer of ownership to any portion of the Content shall be made as a result of any access you are granted. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms of Use or expressly granted to you in writing by Dadz, no rights are granted to you. You agree to abide by any and all additional copyright notices, information or restrictions contained in any part of the Web Site. The compilation of the Content on the Web Site is the exclusive property of Dadz.
You are only permitted to access and view the Content for personal, non-commercial purposes in accordance with these Terms of Use, and may not build a business or other enterprise utilizing any of the Content, whether for profit or not. Except as provided in these Terms of Use or otherwise expressly authorized by us in writing, you may not (either directly or through the use of any software, device, internet site, web-based service or other means) download, stream capture, store in a database, archive or otherwise copy any part of the Web Site or Content; upload, sell, rent, lease, lend, broadcast, transmit or otherwise disseminate, distribute, display or perform any part of the Web Site or Content; license or sublicense any part of the Web Site or Content; or in any way exploit any part of the Web Site or Content. In addition, except as provided in this Terms of Use or otherwise expressly authorized by us in writing, you are strictly prohibited from modifying Content; creating, distributing or advertising an index of any significant portion of the Content; or otherwise creating derivative works or materials that otherwise are derived from or based in any way on the Content, including mash-ups and similar videos, montages, translations, desktop themes, fonts, icons, wallpaper, greeting cards, and merchandise. This prohibition from creating derivative works is applicable even if you intend to give away the derivative material free of charge.
Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy
As much as we appreciate sharing thoughts and inspiration, Dadz does not accept or consider unsolicited ideas for products, product improvements, product technologies, product names, marketing strategies, content, creative materials, etc. (“Submissions”). The purpose of this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes when new products or content seem similar to submissions provided to us. Please do not send or provide any submissions in any form to Dadz or any of its employees or contractors.
If, after reviewing our policy, you still choose to send us a Submission, you agree that, (regardless of anything you say, write or record to the contrary), your Submission:
Will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary;
May be used, redistributed, or disclosed for any purpose and in any way, without any compensation to you or any third party; and
No obligation is created for Dadz, including but not limited to reviewing, acknowledging, or returning any materials relating to the Submission.
Thanks for your support of Dadz and for understanding our need for this policy.
Viral Distribution
We may expressly authorize you to redistribute certain Content on a personal, non-commercial basis. We will identify the Content that you are authorized to redistribute and describe ways you may redistribute it (such as via email, blogs, or embedded players, or by producing mash-ups (i.e. combinations of Content). We may revoke this authorization at any time. If you redistribute such Content, you must be able to edit or delete such publicly posted Content and you must edit or delete it promptly upon our request. You are expressly prohibited from using language such as “as seen on” or any other language that implies an endorsement by Dadz or talent appearing therein when redistributing Content.
Commercial Licenses
You must obtain our written permission for commercial use of the Content or the Web Site. If you wish to license Content from the Web Site, please contact us.
Copyright & Notification of Copyright Infringement
The copyright in all materials provided on the Web Site is owned by Dadz or its affiliate(s). Except as stated herein, none of the material contained in the Web Site may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Dadz. Permission is hereby granted to view, copy, print and download the materials on the Web Site for personal, noncommercial use only, provided such materials are used solely for informational purposes, and all copies, or portions thereof, include this copyright notice. Dadz may revoke any of the foregoing rights at any time. You may not, without Dadz’s prior written consent, "mirror" any material contained on the Web Site on any other server. Upon termination of any rights extended hereunder, you must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials obtained from any Web Site. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on the Web Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
If you believe that Content on the Web Site violates your copyright, please provide Dadz’s copyright agent the following information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. 512: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (d) information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party; (e) a statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Dadz’s copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on or regarding the Web Site can be reached at:
Dadz
Attn: Legal
202 Bicknell Ave
Santa Monica, CA 90405
Email: support@dadz.com
Upon receipt of a notice of claimed infringement that satisfies these requirements (or any statement in conformance with 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3)), we will act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any Content that is claimed to be infringing upon the copyright of any person under the laws of the United States and will terminate the access privileges of those who repeatedly infringe on the copyrights of others. United States law imposes substantial penalties for falsely submitting a notice of copyright infringement.
Trademark
The trademarks, service marks and logos ("Trademarks") used and displayed on the Web Site are registered or unregistered Trademarks of Dadz. Nothing on the Web Site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Web Site without the prior written consent of the Trademark owner. The name of Dadz or any Trademark may not be used in any way including in any advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on the Web Site without the prior written consent of Dadz. Dadz prohibits the use of any Dadz logo and Trademark as a "hot" link to any web site unless establishment of such link is approved in advance by Dadz in writing.
User Account and Content Submissions
Certain areas of the Web Site may ask you to create an account or may otherwise ask you to provide information to participate in certain features or to access certain content (e.g., e-mail, newsletters, sweepstakes, etc.). The Web Site's practices governing your personal information are disclosed in its Privacy Policy. If you choose to provide information to the Web Site, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information. If Dadz has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Dadz has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the site and hold you responsible for any claim or damages arising from such information. Any messages or other postings without a valid email address verification are subject to removal. Any information you post on this site is subject to disclosure to any regulatory or criminal authority or third party.
If you create an account, you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password, if any, and agree you will not sell, transfer or assign your account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, if any, and for restricting access to your computer cell phone or other internet access device, as applicable, so that others may not access any password protected portion of the Web Site using your name, user name or password in whole or in part. You accept responsibility for all activities, charges, and damages that occur under your account by other members of your household. If you have reason to believe that someone is using your account without your permission, you should contact us immediately. We are not responsible for any loss or damage resulting from unauthorized use.
The Web Site may allow you to submit or transmit audio, video, text, or other materials, including so-called “user generated content” and “feedback” on forums, message boards, social networking areas, and other interactive areas on the Web Site (collectively, “User Content”). When you provide User Content, you grant to Dadz and its affiliates and partners a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully sublicensable license to use, reproduce, archive, edit, translate, create derivative works of, make available, distribute, sell, display, perform, transmit, broadcast and in any other way exploit that User Content, and any names, voices, likenesses and other identifying information of persons that is part of that User Content, in any form, media, software, or technology of any kind now known or developed in the future, including, without limitation, for developing, manufacturing, and marketing products and for inclusion on the Web Site, or in any other electronic or non-electronic media or format currently existing or later developed. You hereby waive any moral rights you may have in your User Content, even if such material is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you. You agree and understand that we are not obligated to use your User Content, and we may alternatively, in our sole discretion, choose to modify, edit, remove, limit, or block access to your User Content without any notice or liability to you. Additionally, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Web Site and pursue all legal remedies if we believe your User Content infringes another’s copyright or otherwise violates any law, rule or regulation. Any information or User Content submitted on the Web Site is subject to the Privacy Policy, the terms of which are incorporated herein.
Your User Content is your sole responsibility. This means that you, and not Dadz, are entirely responsible for all User Content that you upload, post, e-mail, transmit or otherwise make available via the Web Site. You represent that any User Content you provide is an original work by you or you have all necessary rights in it to submit it to Dadz under the terms of these Terms; that it is not defamatory; and that it does not infringe upon, misappropriate or violate the rights of any third parties, including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights, rights of publicity or privacy or any other proprietary rights or otherwise violate any law, rule or regulation. You further agree that you are solely liable for any and all costs, claims, demands, investigations, liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, settlements, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, connected to or arising from your breach of any representation or warranty, or other violation of the terms of these Terms or any Additional Terms. Except as otherwise expressly described in our Privacy Policy, any applicable Additional Terms or on the Web Site, your User Content will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure to anyone, including but not limited to claimed intellectual property owners.
If you owned User Content before providing it to us, you will continue owning it after providing it to us, subject to any rights granted in these Terms and any access granted to others. Please note that if you delete User Content from the Web Site:
The User Content may still exist in our backup copies, which are not publicly available. If your User Content was shared with third parties, those third parties may have retained copies of your User Content, and neither we nor our affiliates have any responsibility for any uses of your User Content that they might make.
We retain the license specified above.
We do not guarantee that User Content will be private, even if the User Content is in a password-protected area. Accordingly, you should not provide User Content that you want protected from others. You bear all responsibility for your User Content. You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant to Dadz the license above.
Third Party Content
We may provide third-party content (including advertisements) or link to third-party websites on the Web Site. We do not necessarily endorse or evaluate third-party content and websites, and we do not assume responsibility for third parties’ actions or omissions and do not make any representations or warranties as to the completeness, accuracy, adequacy, currency or reliability of any third-party content. You should review third parties’ terms of use and privacy policies before you use their services. In certain instances, you may be able to interact with certain third party social media sites (“Social Media Sites“) through the Web Site, including, without limitation, Facebook and Twitter.
YOU AGREE THAT DADZ AND ITS PARTIES WILL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY GOODS, SERVICES, RESOURCES OR CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH ANY THIRD PARTY DEALINGS OR COMMUNICATIONS, OR FOR ANY HARM RELATED THERETO, OR FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED BY OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE CONTENT, ADVERTISING, OR BUSINESS PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTY. Reference on the Web Site to any product, process, publication or service of any third party by trade name, domain name, trademark, trade identity, service mark, trade identity, logo, manufacturer or otherwise does not constitute or imply its endorsement or recommendation by Dadz or the Company Parties.
Mobile
The Web Site may offer features and services that are available to you via your mobile phone or other mobile device, including the ability to receive messages from the Web Site (collectively, the “Mobile Features”). Your wireless provider may charge for use of Mobile Features, including fees for receipt of text messages or data transmission. In order to receive Mobile Features, your wireless provider may require you to subscribe to additional services, which may require additional fees. These fees are not charged by us, and you should contact your wireless provider before you sign up for Mobile Features to determine what fees could be charged.
You may not transfer or copy any Content from the wireless device on which you originally received Content to any other device, including, without limitation, any computer or another wireless device.
Limitations of Use
You must be 18 years of age or older to access our Web Site or use our services. Without limiting any other provision in these Terms of Use, by accessing our Web Site, you agree not to do the following, or assist others to do the following:
Access the Web Site using any interface other than ours;
Maintain any link to the Web Site that we ask you to remove, in our sole discretion;
Frame the Web Site or Content, make the Web Site or Content available via in-line links, otherwise display the Web Site or Content in connection with an unauthorized logo or mark, or do anything that could falsely suggest a relationship between the Dadz or its affiliates and any third party or potentially deprive us of revenue (including, without limitation, revenue from advertising, branding, or promotional activities);
Conduct yourself in an inappropriate, offensive, indecent, or vulgar manner while using our services or Web Site;
Threaten, defame, stalk, abuse, or harass other persons or engage in illegal activities, or encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability;
Transmit any material that is inappropriate, profane, vulgar, offensive, false, disparaging, defamatory, obscene, illegal, sexually explicit, racist, that promotes violence, racial hatred, or terrorism, or that we deem, in our sole discretion, to be otherwise objectionable;
Violate any person’s or entity’s legal rights (including, without limitation, intellectual property, privacy, and publicity rights), transmit material that violates or circumvents such rights, or remove or alter intellectual property or other legal notices;
Transmit files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, adware, or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files;
Advertise or promote goods or services without our permission (including, without limitation, by sending unsolicited email);
Remove, modify, disable, block or otherwise impair any advertising in connection with the Web Site;
Interfere with others using the Web Site or otherwise disrupt the Web Site;
Disassemble, decompile or otherwise reverse engineer any software or other technology included in the Content or used to provide the Web Site;
Transmit, collect, or access personally identifiable information about other persons without the consent of those persons and Dadz;
Engage in unauthorized spidering, “scraping,” data mining or harvesting of Content, or use any other unauthorized automated means to gather data from or about the Web Site;
Impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation or the origin of materials you transmit;
Remove, avoid, interfere with, or otherwise circumvent any access control measures for the Web Site or Content, including password-protected areas and geo-filtering mechanisms, or any digital rights management measures used in connection with Content;
Access any portion of the Web Site that we have not authorized you to access (including password-protected areas), link to password-protected areas, attempt to access or use another user’s account or information, or allow anyone else to use your account or access credentials; or
Use the Web Site for any other unlawful purpose.
You further agree to only submit content to the Web Site that is in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and is (a) owned by you, (b) submitted with the express permission of the owner or within the scope of the license to such content, or (c) in the public domain.
You are solely responsible for your interaction with other users of this Web Site, whether online or offline. We are not responsible or liable for the conduct of any user. Dadz reserves the right to terminate your access to the Web Site or any of its services if it determines that you do not comply with these Terms of Use; provide false, inaccurate, or incomplete information during our registration process; engage in any conduct that would otherwise harm any of Dadz’s rights or interests in its Web Site, services, or other property; or for any or no reason whatsoever without prior notice to you. Dadz may take any other actions necessary in this regard or seek any remedies permitted by law. Any violation of these Terms or any Additional Terms may be referred to law enforcement authorities. Upon termination of your user account or access to the Web Site, or upon demand by Dadz, you must destroy all materials obtained from this Web Site and all related documentation.
Monitoring and Management of Content of Web Site
Dadz shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Web Site to determine compliance with these Terms of Use and any other operating rules established by Dadz, as well as to determine compliance with applicable laws, including, but not limited to, copyright laws. Dadz shall have the right in its sole discretion to edit, refuse to post, block access to, or remove any material submitted to or posted on the Web Site that Dadz finds to be in violation of these Terms of Use or that Dadz believes may violate laws or the rights of others, including, without limitation, laws against copyright infringement and rights of privacy and publicity.
We may take any of the following actions in our sole discretion at any time, and without giving you prior notice:
Change or discontinue the Web Site;
Change how we offer and operate the Web Site
Remove Content from the Web Site;
Restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the Web Site or any feature thereof; and
Deactivate your account(s) and delete all related information and files in your account(s).
We will not be liable to you or any third party for taking any of these actions and we will not be limited to the remedies above if you violate these Terms of Use. If Dadz terminates your access, you must immediately stop using the Website.
Dadz Subscriptions
If you subscribe to recurring purchases of any of our products, you’ll sign up to receive them automatically on a recurring basis depending on the shipping frequency you select. You will receive a reminder email three (3) days prior to your next scheduled shipment.  You can edit, delay, or cancel your shipment at any time, but if you want this change to take effect before your next shipment leaves, you need to let us know within 48 hours of receiving the reminder email by logging in to your account page or by contacting Customer Support at 1-805-904-0210 or support@dadz.com. Please note: If you don’t edit, delay or cancel your selections for a particular month, we will send you the same products we sent the previous month at the same rate, subject to availability. We will charge the credit card you have on file each time a product ships, unless you cancel your subscription. The cost of your subscription includes shipping.
We accept all major credit cards and we store your credit card information to make repeat purchasing easier. We are not responsible for fees or charges that come from your bank or credit card issuer.
For merchandise not received or damaged, we may credit your account, after an investigation. We will replace products and credit your account at our discretion.
If you would like to exchange or return an item, please contact support@dadz.com. We accept returned items within a year of purchase.
Indemnification
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dadz and its affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, vendors, partners, contractors, agents, licensors or other representatives and all of their successors and assigns (collectively, the “Company Parties”) from and against any claims, actions, demands, costs (including attorney’s fees and costs), damages, investigations, settlements, judgments, losses, liabilities, and expenses or obligations of any kind, arising out of or in connection with your use or misuse of the Web Site and the Content (including, without limitation use of your account, and claims arising from User Content) or your breach of these Terms of Use. You will cooperate as fully and reasonably as reasonably required by the Company Parties. The Company Parties retain the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any claim subject to indemnification, and in such cases you agree to cooperate with us to defend such claim. You may not settle any claim without the Company Parties’ (as applicable) prior written approval.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE COMPANY PARTIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OR ENDORSEMENTS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT: (A) THE WEB SITE; (B) THE CONTENT AND SOFTWARE ON AND PROVIDED THROUGH THE WEB SITE (IN WHATEVER FORM OR MEDIA); (C) THE FUNCTIONS MADE ACCESSIBLE ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE WEB SITE; (D) THE MESSAGES AND INFORMATION SENT FROM THE WEB SITE BY USERS; (E) ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED VIA THE WEB SITE OR HYPERTEXT LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES; AND/OR (F) SECURITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF SENSITIVE INFORMATION THROUGH THE WEB SITE OR ANY LINKED SITE. DADZ DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEB SITE, ANY OF THE WEB SITE'S FUNCTIONS OR ANY CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN WILL BE ERROR-FREE; THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE WEB SITE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; OR THAT THERE WILL NOT BE ANY FAILURES, INTERRUPTIONS, OR DELAYS IN THE DELIVERY OF ANY CONTENT CONTAINED IN THE WEB SITE. DADZ’ PARTIES SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY SUCH ISSUES. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE COMPANY PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND AS TO QUALITY, AVAILABILITY AND SUBJECT MATTER OF CONTENT. THE WEB SITE, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT AND FUNCTIONS MADE AVAILABLE ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH OR SENT FROM THE WEB SITE, ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE,” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS.”
YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEB SITE (INCLUDING ITS FUNCTIONS AND CONTENT) IS AT YOUR RISK. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY USING ANY OF THE FEATURES OF THE WEB SITE, YOU ACT AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOUR ACTIVITIES ARE LAWFUL IN EVERY JURISDICTION WHERE YOU ACCESS OR USE THE WEB SITE OR THE CONTENT. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE WEB SITE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE ACCESSING AND USING THE WEB SITE.
THE COMPANY PARTIES ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO ANY USER'S COMPUTER, HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, CELL PHONE, MODEM OR OTHER EQUIPMENT OR TECHNOLOGY INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGE FROM ANY SECURITY BREACH OR FROM ANY VIRUS, BUGS, TAMPERING, FRAUD, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER LINE OR NETWORK FAILURE OR ANY OTHER TECHNICAL OR OTHER MALFUNCTION OR FOR ANY CONDUCT BY USERS OF THE WEB SITE.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE COMPANY PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEB SITE (INCLUDING ITS FUNCTIONS AND CONTENT), YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE (INCLUDING ITS FUNCTIONS AND CONTENT); THE USE OF, INABILITY TO USE, OR PERFORMANCE OF THE WEB SITE; ANY ACTION TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH AN INVESTIGATION BY DADZ REGARDING YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE OR CONTENT; THESE TERMS OR YOUR USER CONTENT; OR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE WEB SITE EVEN IF FORESEEABLE OR EVEN IF ONE OR MORE OF THE COMPANY PARTIES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WHETHER CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY NEGLIGENCE, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE, BUT EXCLUDING WILLFUL MISCONDUCT). IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY PARTIES’ LIABILITY FOR OTHER DAMAGES EXCEED FIFTY U.S. DOLLARS ($50 US).
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT IF YOU INCUR ANY DAMAGES THAT ARISE OUT OF THE COMPANY PARTIES’ ACTS OR OMISSIONS, THE DAMAGES, IF ANY, ARE NOT IRREPARABLE AND ARE NOT SUFFICIENT TO ENTITLE YOU TO AN INJUNCTION OR OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF RESTRICTING OPERATION OF THE WEB SITE OR ANY OTHER SERVICE, PROPERTY, PRODUCT, PROGRAM, PODCAST, TELEVISION SHOW, MOTION PICTURE, OR OTHER CONTENT OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY THE COMPANY PARTIES, AND YOU WILL HAVE NO RIGHTS TO ENJOIN OR RESTRAIN THE DEVELOPMENT, PRODUCTION, DISTRIBUTION, ADVERTISING, EXHIBITION OR EXPLOITATION OF ANY DADZ WEB SITE, PROPERTY, PRODUCT, PROGRAM, PODCAST, TELEVISION SHOW, MOTION PICTURE OR OTHER AUDIO/VISUAL CONTENT.
BY ACCESSING THE WEB SITE, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU MAY BE WAIVING RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS THAT ARE AT THIS TIME UNKNOWN OR UNSUSPECTED, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH WAIVER, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND, AND HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE, THE BENEFITS OF SECTION 1542 OF THE CIVIL CODE OF CALIFORNIA AND ANY SIMILAR LAW OF ANY STATE OR TERRITORY. SECTION 1542 PROVIDES AS FOLLOWS: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”
Governing Law, Venue and Jurisdiction
These Terms of use and all claims between you and Dadz arising from or related to your use of the Web Site will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, except California’s conflict of law rules. These Terms will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, if applicable.
With respect to any disputes or claims not subject to arbitration (as set forth below), you agree to jurisdiction in the state and federal courts in Los Angeles, California. Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms of Use, (a) Dadz may seek injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction and (b) nothing herein will restrain a California resident’s right, if any, to seek public injunctive relief as permitted by law and subject to the venue requirements set forth above.
Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, you must file any claim or action related to use of the Web Site or these Terms of Use within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of the facts giving rise to such claim or action otherwise, you will waive the claim or action.
Disputes and Arbitration
If you have any dispute with or claim against us or any of the Company Parties, or if we or the Company Parties have a dispute with or claim against you, in either case arising out of or relating to the Web Site or these Terms (a “Claim”), and you and we are not able to resolve such Claim through informal discussion as described below, you and Dadz (as applicable) each agree (i) to resolve such Claim exclusively by final and binding arbitration administered by JAMS and conducted before a sole arbitrator in accordance with the rules of JAMS; (ii) this arbitration agreement is made pursuant to a transaction involving interstate commerce, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”), 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16; (iii) the arbitration shall be held in Los Angeles, California; (iv) the arbitrator’s decision shall be controlled by these Terms of Use and any of the other agreements and policies referenced herein; (v) the arbitrator shall apply California law consistent with the FAA and applicable statutes of limitations, and shall honor claims of privilege recognized at law; (vi) there shall be no authority for any claims to be arbitrated on a class or representative basis, arbitration can decide only individual claims; the arbitrator may not consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated; (vii) the arbitrator shall not have the power to award punitive, consequential, indirect, or incidental damages against the you or any Company Parties and recovery shall be limited to monetary damages actually suffered; and (viii) with the exception of subpart (vi) above, if any part of this arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, or otherwise conflicts with the rules of JAMS, then the balance of this arbitration provision shall remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid, unenforceable, illegal or conflicting provision were not contained herein. If, however, subpart (vi) is found to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void, and neither you nor any Company Parties shall be entitled to arbitrate their dispute. For more information on JAMS and/or the rules of JAMS, visit their website at www.jamsadr.com. This shall survive termination of these Terms of Use.
Before you or Dadz commence an arbitration with respect to a Claim, you must first send to Dadz a written notice of your claim or Dadz must send a written notice of our claim to you (“Notice“). Your Notice must (1) be sent by certified mail; (2) be addressed to: Dadz, Attn: Legal, 220 Bicknell Ave, Santa Monica, CA 90405 (2) describe the nature of your Claim; and (3) specify the damages or other relief you seek. If Dadz and you (as applicable) do not then resolve the Claim within 30 days after our receipt of Notice is received, either you or Dadz (as applicable) may commence an arbitration to resolve the Claim.
Miscellaneous
You are solely responsible for compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations in connection with your use of the Web Site and the Content, including, without limitation, those governing your transmission or use of any software or data. You agree that these Terms of Use or any Additional Terms will not be construed against Dadz by virtue of having drafted these Terms of Use. If any provision of these Terms of Use or any Additional Terms or the Privacy Policy is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use or any Additional Terms or Privacy Policy, which will remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms of Use or any Additional Terms will be of any force or effect unless made in writing and signed by a duly authorized officer of Dadz. The section titles in these Terms of Use are for your convenience only and do not have any legal or contractual effect.
We may be required by state or federal law to notify you of certain events. You hereby acknowledge and agree that such notices will be effective upon our posting them on the Web Site or (if applicable) delivering them to you via email. If you have previously provided an email address, you may be able to update your email address as described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not provide us with accurate information, we will not be responsible for failure to notify you. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision in these Terms of Use will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Use, including all additional terms, conditions, and policies on the Web Site, constitute the entire agreement between you and us and supersede all prior agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof. Nothing in these Terms of Use affects any non-waivable statutory rights that apply to you.
You authorize us to provide information concerning you and your activities to comply with applicable laws or respond to court order, subpoenas, or other lawful requests, or if we believe doing so would protect your safety or that of another person or protect the security of the Web Site, or as otherwise described in the Privacy Policy.
SMS/MMS MOBILE MESSAGE MARKETING PROGRAM TERMS AND CONDITIONS
DADZ (hereinafter, “We,” “Us,” “Our”) is offering a mobile messaging program (the “Program”), which you agree to use and participate in subject to these Mobile Messaging Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy (the “Agreement”). By opting in to or participating in any of our Programs, you accept and agree to these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, your agreement to resolve any disputes with us through binding, individual-only arbitration, as detailed in the “Dispute Resolution” section below. This Agreement is limited to the Program and is not intended to modify other Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy that may govern the relationship between you and Us in other contexts. User Opt In: The Program allows Users to receive SMS/MMS mobile messages by affirmatively opting into the Program, such as through online or application-based enrollment forms. Regardless of the opt-in method you utilized to join the Program, you agree that this Agreement applies to your participation in the Program. By participating in the Program, you agree to receive autodialed or prerecorded marketing mobile messages at the phone number associated with your opt-in, and you understand that consent is not required to make any purchase from Us. While you consent to receive messages sent using an autodialer, the foregoing shall not be interpreted to suggest or imply that any or all of Our mobile messages are sent using an automatic telephone dialing system (“ATDS” or “autodialer”). Message and data rates may apply. User Opt Out: If you do not wish to continue participating in the Program or no longer agree to this Agreement, you agree to reply STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE, or QUIT to any mobile message from Us in order to opt out of the Program. You may receive an additional mobile message confirming your decision to opt out. You understand and agree that the foregoing options are the only reasonable methods of opting out. You also understand and agree that any other method of opting out, including, but not limited to, texting words other than those set forth above or verbally requesting one of our employees to remove you from our list, is not a reasonable means of opting out. Duty to Notify and Indemnify: If at any time you intend to stop using the mobile telephone number that has been used to subscribe to the Program, including canceling your service plan or selling or transferring the phone number to another party, you agree that you will complete the User Opt Out process set forth above prior to ending your use of the mobile telephone number. You understand and agree that your agreement to do so is a material part of these terms and conditions. You further agree that, if you discontinue the use of your mobile telephone number without notifying Us of such change, you agree that you will be responsible for all costs (including attorneys’ fees) and liabilities incurred by Us, or any party that assists in the delivery of the mobile messages, as a result of claims brought by individual(s) who are later assigned that mobile telephone number. This duty and agreement shall survive any cancellation or termination of your agreement to participate in any of our Programs. YOU AGREE THAT YOU SHALL INDEMNIFY, DEFEND, AND HOLD US HARMLESS FROM ANY CLAIM OR LIABILITY RESULTING FROM YOUR FAILURE TO NOTIFY US OF A CHANGE IN THE INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED, INCLUDING ANY CLAIM OR LIABILITY UNDER THE TELEPHONE CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT, 47 U.S.C. § 227, et seq., OR SIMILAR STATE AND FEDERAL LAWS, AND ANY REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER RESULTING FROM US ATTEMPTING TO CONTACT YOU AT THE MOBILE TELEPHONE NUMBER YOU PROVIDED. Program Description: Without limiting the scope of the Program, users that opt into the Program can expect to receive messages concerning the marketing and sale of digital and physical products, services, and events. Cost and Frequency: Message and data rates may apply. The Program involves recurring mobile messages, and additional mobile messages may be sent periodically based on your interaction with Us. Support Instructions: For support regarding the Program, text “HELP” to the number you received messages from or email us at hello@dadz.com. Please note that the use of this email address is not an acceptable method of opting out of the program. Opt outs must be submitted in accordance with the procedures set forth above. MMS Disclosure: The Program will send SMS TMs (terminating messages) if your mobile device does not support MMS messaging. Our Disclaimer of Warranty: The Program is offered on an "as-is" basis and may not be available in all areas at all times and may not continue to work in the event of product, software, coverage or other changes made by your wireless carrier. We will not be liable for any delays or failures in the receipt of any mobile messages connected with this Program. Delivery of mobile messages is subject to effective transmission from your wireless service provider/network operator and is outside of Our control. T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered mobile messages. Participant Requirements: You must have a wireless device of your own, capable of two-way messaging, be using a participating wireless carrier, and be a wireless service subscriber with text messaging service. Not all cellular phone providers carry the necessary service to participate. Check your phone capabilities for specific text messaging instructions. Age Restriction: You may not use of engage with the Platform if you are under thirteen (13) years of age. If you use or engage with the Platform and are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18) years of age, you must have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to do so. By using or engaging with the Platform, you acknowledge and agree that you are not under the age of thirteen (13) years, are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18) and have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to use or engage with the Platform, or are of adult age in your jurisdiction. By using or engaging with the Platform, you also acknowledge and agree that you are permitted by your jurisdiction’s Applicable Law to use and/or engage with the Platform. Prohibited Content: You acknowledge and agree to not send any prohibited content over the Platform. Prohibited content includes: Any fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, scandalous, threatening, harassing, or stalking activity; Objectionable content, including profanity, obscenity, lasciviousness, violence, bigotry, hatred, and discrimination on the basis of race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age; Pirated computer programs, viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other harmful code; Any product, service, or promotion that is unlawful where such product, service, or promotion thereof is received; Any content that implicates and/or references personal health information that is protected by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) or the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (“HITEC” Act); and Any other content that is prohibited by Applicable Law in the jurisdiction from which the message is sent. Dispute Resolution: In the event that there is a dispute, claim, or controversy between you and Us, or between you and Stodge, LLC d/b/a Postscript or any other third-party service provider acting on Our behalf to transmit the mobile messages within the scope of the Program, arising out of or relating to federal or state statutory claims, common law claims, this Agreement, or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, such dispute, claim, or controversy will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, determined by arbitration in Santa Monica, California before one arbitrator. The parties agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) then in effect. Except as otherwise provided herein, the arbitrator shall apply the substantive laws of the Federal Judicial Circuit in which DADZ’s principle place of business is located, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Within ten (10) calendar days after the arbitration demand is served upon a party, the parties must jointly select an arbitrator with at least five years’ experience in that capacity and who has knowledge of and experience with the subject matter of the dispute. If the parties do not agree on an arbitrator within ten (10) calendar days, a party may petition the AAA to appoint an arbitrator, who must satisfy the same experience requirement. In the event of a dispute, the arbitrator shall decide the enforceability and interpretation of this arbitration agreement in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”). The parties also agree that the AAA’s rules governing Emergency Measures of Protection shall apply in lieu of seeking emergency injunctive relief from a court. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding, and no party shall have rights of appeal except for those provided in section 10 of the FAA. Each party shall bear its share of the fees paid for the arbitrator and the administration of the arbitration; however, the arbitrator shall have the power to order one party to pay all or any portion of such fees as part of a well-reasoned decision. The parties agree that the arbitrator shall have the authority to award attorneys’ fees only to the extent expressly authorized by statute or contract. The arbitrator shall have no authority to award punitive damages and each party hereby waives any right to seek or recover punitive damages with respect to any dispute resolved by arbitration. The parties agree to arbitrate solely on an individual basis, and this agreement does not permit class arbitration or any claims brought as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative arbitration proceeding. Except as may be required by law, neither a party nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration without the prior written consent of both parties, unless to protect or pursue a legal right. If any term or provision of this Section is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Section or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. If for any reason a dispute proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the parties hereby waive any right to a jury trial. This arbitration provision shall survive any cancellation or termination of your agreement to participate in any of our Programs. Miscellaneous: You warrant and represent to Us that you have all necessary rights, power, and authority to agree to these Terms and perform your obligations hereunder, and nothing contained in this Agreement or in the performance of such obligations will place you in breach of any other contract or obligation. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein will not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. Any new features, changes, updates or improvements of the Program shall be subject to this Agreement unless explicitly stated otherwise in writing. We reserve the right to change this Agreement from time to time. Any updates to this Agreement shall be communicated to you. You acknowledge your responsibility to review this Agreement from time to time and to be aware of any such changes. By continuing to participate in the Program after any such changes, you accept this Agreement, as modified.
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.