http://www.assouk.com/privacy.htm
PRIVACY
POLICY
Assouk.com is a division of Main Business LebanonPostcard.com
Collecting
Information
Our primary goal in collecting personal information
from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized
experience while using our services. Collecting this information allows us
to provide services and features that are most likely to meet your needs
and to customize our service so that your use of the Site proceeds easily
and quickly. We automatically track certain information about you based
upon your behavior on our site. We use this information to do internal
research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better
understand and serve our users. This information is compiled and analyzed
on an aggregated basis. This information may include the URL that you just
came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go
to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using,
and your IP address.
We use personally identifiable information
about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to
statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product
offerings, and to customize our site's content, layout, and services. We
believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor it to
meet our users' needs.
Due to the existing regulatory environment,
we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other
personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not
otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example, we may be
forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under
certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access
transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to)
disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government
officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate,
in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property
infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal
liability. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name,
street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, e-mail, and
company to Assouk.com as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or
appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual
property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity.
As a
general proposition, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable
information about you to any third party. The following describes the ways
that your personally identifiable information may be
disclosed.
A Special Note about
Children
Children are not eligible to use our services and we
ask that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal
information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in
conjunction with your parents or guardians.
Security
ccnow.com, is an authorized retailer of Assouk.com"
ccnow.com is the exclusive authorized retailer of goods and
services provided by Assouk.com"
ccnow.com is an authorized retailer of goods and services
provided by Assouk.com"
Notification of
Changes
Assouk.com reserves the right to change fees or billing
methods at any time without any prior notice, so you should check this
posted privacy statement for changes. . We provide Assouk.com and our
services "as is" and without warranty or condition, express or implied. We
specifically disclaim the implied warranties of title, merchantability,
and fitness. This warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may
also have other legal rights, which vary from state to
state.
Disclaimer
Assouk.com is a site for
sellers to sell products and for buyers to purchase products. Assouk.com
has no control over the quality, safety or legality, the truth or accuracy
of the listing of the advertised items. But we have chosen suppliers among
the best in the market. In the event that you have a dispute with one or
more users, you release Assouk.com (and our agents and employees from
claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and
nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and
undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
For legal reasons, we cannot nor do we try to control the information
provided by other users, which is made available through our system. By
its very nature, other people's information may be offensive, harmful or
inaccurate, and in some cases will be mislabeled or deceptively
labeled.
General
Compliance with Laws
You shall comply with all applicable
laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding your use of our
service and your listing, purchase and sale of items. You and Assouk.com
are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture,
employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or
created by this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed in all
respects by the laws of Beirut Lebanon. Both parties submit to
jurisdiction in Lebanon and further agree that any cause of action arising
under this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in a court in
Lebanon.
Please note that we are not responsible for
any CUSTOMS FEES in any country.
ORIENTAL
CLOTHES | HOME
DECOR | SOUVENIRS
| WOODEN
GIFTS | BOOKS
| MISCELLANEOUS
© Copyright 2003 - 2010  - All
rights reserved