https://www.funandfoodcafe.com/2008/01/privacy-policy.html
Fun and Food CafeVegetarian recipes, desserts, indian recipes and health & fitness articlesHome
Gallery
Recipes
Appetizer Recipes
Healthy Recipes
Indian Recipes
Dessert Recipes
Kid-Friendly Recipes
Main Course Recipes
DIY
How-To
Health
Lifestyle
Deals
About
About This Site
Privacy Policy
Press & Publications
Privacy Policy
January 19, 2008
by Mansi
Privacy Policy for https://www.funandfoodcafe.com and http://funnfud.blogspot.com/
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact me here.
At https://www.funandfoodcafe.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by http://www.EgglessCooking.com and how it is used.
Log FilesLike many other Web sites, https://www.funandfoodcafe.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movements around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beaconshttps://www.funandfoodcafe.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on http://www.EgglessCooking.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
https://www.funandfoodcafe.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. https://www.funandfoodcafe.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Filed Under: Uncategorized
Food Advertisements by
Recipe Gallery
Food Advertisements by
Popular Posts
5 New Reasons Why You Should Choose Cooking As A Hobby!
21 Ways to Repurpose Your Favorite Old Sarees
Featured Recipe Gallery
Top 10 Natural Remedies To Remove Blackheads
Layered Chocolate Cake
Deliciously Simple Pumpkin Pie Martini
Avocado Face & Hair Mask
Meringue Recipe – Tips & Techniques
The World-Famous Biscuits Cake
Mousse-Filled Chocolate & Raspberry Cups
Beauty
Top Skincare Mistakes to Avoid Skin Damage
Win Your War Against Fine Hair
DIY: Homemade Lavender & Jasmine Sugar Scrub
Food
Rose Sandesh (Indian Dessert Made with Cottage Cheese)
Apple Date & Walnut Muffins
Layered Chocolate Cake
Featured
Rose Sandesh (Indian Dessert Made with Cottage Cheese)
How To Make Ghee At Home
Apple Date & Walnut Muffins
DIY
Dumping Your Old Clothes? Not Before You Try These DIY Ideas
DIY: Homemade Lavender & Jasmine Sugar Scrub
DIY: 10 Ideas To Make Your Own Rakhis
How To Be Healthy While at Work…If you’re someone who’s trying to look after their health a little more and maybe even get in better shape, it’s important to consider how your work routines interact with your health goals. Looking after your health is not something that should only happen outside of office hours because it simply doesn’t work like that.
In order to get your health to where you want it to be, you need to think about how your workplace and the way you look after yourself at work impact you. There are some changes that you might want to make in order to do this better and you can find out about them below.
Stay Hydrated and Eat Healthily
First of all, … [Read More...]
4 Hacks To Keep Your Kids Safe Online…Maintaining online safety for children has become a significant part of modern-day parenting, with research showing that about 84% of parents worry about their children's safety online. This phenomenon is due to most children’s obsession with the internet, exposing them to a broad range of threats and people. Nevertheless, there are some helpful steps you can take to protect your children from the dangers of the online world. Consider these points below.
Use a Virtual Private Network (VPN)
VPNs are relatively useful in protecting your children from many online dangers. Many devices, apps, and networks have geo-tagging features that … [Read More...]
Why The Outdoors Is Such A Great Stress Buster…We all have stresses to cope with, in life. A lot of us are dealing with a little more lately, than usual. As such, you might be looking for ways to cope with that stress and help regain a level head. You’re not likely to find it stuck at home, however. Here, we’re going to look at why the great outdoors is so effective in helping you manage stress and ways to take advantage of it.
A change of environment is as good as anything
Aside from the other benefits mentioned, getting outdoors also means getting away from your usual environments. For instance, if you’re dealing with stress from work but you’re working from home, sticking in a … [Read More...]
7 Secrets to Successfully Limiting Screen-time for Kids…Most parents will know that kids tend to be pretty obsessed with screens and sometimes it’s hard to drag them away. Screentime doesn’t necessarily have to be a negative thing and there are plenty of fun and educational platforms that can be very beneficial. It is, however, a good idea to put a focus on alternative activities to encourage them to be more well-rounded. It’s tempting to rely on the TV, tablets, or videogames as a sort of emergency babysitter, but if you’re organized, you can limit your family’s screentime.
Encourage alternative activities
Now that the colder weather is approaching it might seem more appealing to … [Read More...]
Taking Care of Our Heart and Health As We Age…Picture - CC0 Licence
The one thing we learn as we get older is that, seemingly, age is all about a steady state of decline. However, this isn't true in the slightest. As we get older we do fall prey to certain ailments but it is possible to guarantee that we age better. As we get older, we need to start rejecting the fact that we feel different or worse. And while, symptomatically speaking, we can feel a creak in our bones, what are the things that we can do to ensure that we age better? The key is about knowing what is natural and what isn't.
Looking After Our Brain Health
One of the more prominent features of getting older is a … [Read More...]
Return to top of page
Copyright © 2020 ·
Fun and Food Cafe - All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy
Tweet