http://www.edmonton.ca/conditionsofuse.aspx
Skip to main content
The breadcrumb trail links represent the path to the current page relative to the homepage link.
Home
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
Main page content begins here
The City of Edmonton owns this Web site.
The City of Edmonton ("the City") either owns the intellectual property rights in the underlying HTML, text, audio clips, video clips and other content ("the Content") that is made available to you on this Web site, or has obtained the permission of the owner of the intellectual property to use the Content on this Web site.
You may use this Web site only if you agree to the following terms.
The City grants to you a limited license to display on your computer, print, download and use all Content that is made available to you on this Web site, only if you agree to the following terms:
You will only use the Web site for personal, educational or non-commercial purposes.
You will not modify the Content of the web site and you will display the Copyright notice and this Conditions of Use on each copy of the Web site.
You agree that you will not violate (or attempt to violate) the security of this Web site by hacking, cracking, mail bombing, mounting a denial of service attack, breaching of netiquette, or any other similar malicious, careless or negligent conduct.
You agree not to upload content or computer code of any type to this Web site.
You acknowledge that you have no right to the intellectual property associated with this Web site and that you have only a limited right to use this Web site.
You acknowledge that the City does not warrant the accuracy or availability of this Web site.
You acknowledge that the City is not responsible for any loss, damage, or injury that you may have as a result of your use of this Web site.
You agree to be bound by the laws applicable in Alberta with respect to your use of the Web site and you agree that any court proceedings relating to your use of the Web site will take place in the Judicial District of Edmonton.
You agree to grant the City all intellectual property rights in the content of any e-mail that you send to the City.
If you do not agree to all of these terms, you must log off this Web site immediately.
Disclaimer
The City does not guarantee the quality, accuracy, or completeness of any information on this Web site. This Web site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors and the information is provided without warranty or condition of any kind.
Privacy
The City of Edmonton recognizes that the privacy and confidentiality of a person's personal information is important. The City of Edmonton has developed a Web Privacy Code that outlines how the City of Edmonton obtains, retains, and uses personal information obtained through this Web site.
This website may contain links to other websites. The City of Edmonton is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites.
Trade Marks
The City logo, crest and banner are registered Trademarks of the City.
All product names mentioned on this Web site are the trademarks of their respective owners.
No Endorsement
The City does not endorse any products or services that may be referred to in, or linked to, this Web site.
Share this page:
End of page content. Please choose between the following five options:
Back to main menu
Back to current page menu and content
View current page breadcrumb
Back to site search
Continue to page footer content