http://www.familyandchildrensagency.org/about/privacy-practices.aspx
Privacy Practices
Family & Children’s Agency respects your privacy and values our relationship with you. This Privacy Notice describes the types of information we collect in connection with www.familyandchildrensagency.org (the “Site”), how we may use that information, and with whom we may share it. This Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to protect the information collected. We also describe the choices you can make about how we use and share the information you provide to and collected by us, as well as information that we may share with third parties. We also discuss how you can access and update your information and contact us with questions or comments.
Information We Obtain
Generally we obtain information about you that you have provided to us in order for you to obtain information about our services, to stay informed about activities, to volunteer, or to make donations. Such information includes your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, other contact information, and similar information.When you visit the Site, your browser may automatically send us certain Internet-related information, such as referring domain name, operating system in use, IP address, and information about your computer, browser and browser version. By our collecting this information, we try to learn how to best tailor our Site to our visitors, as well monitor Site activity to improve its functionality and help to ensure its security.
How We Use Personal Information We Receive
Personal information collected through or in connection with this Site is used in connection with the purpose for which it was submitted, including:  to contact you to provide information to answer a question, and to provide services. Additionally, we may use information you have provided to us to contact you regarding other services or activities that we offer that may be of interest to you.We will use your payment card information to process the donation you make. We will retain the name and contact details of the person(s) making the donation, as well as the amount of the donation.
How We Share Information
We do not share, rent, sell or otherwise disclose personal information about you with any third parties, except as described here. We may share information you provided to us with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf, including web hosting providers, email service providers, fulfillment houses, and payment processors.  In those situations, the service provider is performing work for us, and we take the appropriate steps designed to ensure your personal information is used only to provide the services specified, and that it is maintained in a confidential manner.In addition, we may disclose information about you to others (i) if we are required to do so by law, (ii) in response to legal process, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent harm or loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraud or illegal activity.
Links to Other Websites
We provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These sites operate independently from this Site. These sites may have their own privacy notices in place, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked website. We are not responsible for the content of these sites, any products or services that may be offered through these sites, or the privacy practices of these sites.
Security
To try to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place reasonable technical, physical, and administrative methods designed to safeguard and secure the personal information we collect.Please remember that no data transmission over the Internet, or by other means, is 100% secure. Thus, while we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot ensure the security of any personal information you transmit to us. Therefore, you acknowledge, and agree that you transmit personal information over the Internet and through this Site at your own risk.
Access to Your Personal Information
If you would like to know what information we may have about you, please contact us at communications@fcagency.org and we will endeavor to determine what personal information we may have about you. We may ask you to verify your identity at the time of such a request. If you believe such personal information is out of date or inaccurate, please let us know and we will try to correct it.
Your Choices
If you do not want to receive marketing communications from us, please let us know per the “Contact Us” section below or send us an email at communications@fcagency.org. You may also “opt-out” of receiving marketing email from us by following the opt-out instructions in our email messages.Please be aware that we are able to effectuate an opt-out only for a specific email address. So, if you have more than one email address or if you have changed your email address, your opt-out request may not be effectuated properly. Please note that even if you chose to opt-out of receiving our marketing communications, we will continue to send you any service-related communications.
Updates to this Privacy Notice
Note that by using the Site you agree to this Privacy Notice. This Privacy Notice may change from time to time. Changes to this Privacy Notice will become effective when those changes are posted to the Site. Your continued use of the Site subsequent to any changes to this Privacy Notice constitutes your acceptance of the changes. Please review this statement periodically so that you are aware of any changes or updates to this Notice.  We indicate below the effective date of the Notice.
How to Contact Us
If you would like to access, update, or correct the personal information we may have about you, please call us at 203-523-5777. Effective Date: September 8, 2011
Main Menu
AboutChildrenFamiliesAdultsSeniorsGet InvolvedNews & EventsContact Us