https://www.whattoexpect.com/terms-of-use/
profile icon Log In / Join Hi, Log Out
Search
Log In / Join
Getting Pregnant
Fertility
Ovulation
Preparing for Pregnancy
Pregnancy
Week By Week
Symptoms
Baby Names
Baby Shower
Complications
Due Date Calculator
Labor & Delivery
Screenings & Tests
Signs of Labor
First Year
Month By Month
Milestones
Breastfeeding
Childproofing
Newborn
Postpartum Health
Sleep
Vaccinations
Toddler
Month By Month
Milestones
Child Care
Feeding
Growth
Potty Training
Sleep
Vaccinations
Family
Finances
Celebrity Parents
Kids' Health
Relationships
Baby Products
Strollers
Maternity
Car Seats
Monitors
Baby Carrier
Baby Furniture
Nursing & Feeding
Registry
Community
Featured & Popular
Birth Month Groups
Getting Pregnant
Pregnancy
First Year
Family
Health
Stages
International
US Local
All Groups A-Z
My Groups & Activity
News TERMS OF USEUpdated: April 10, 2020 Table of ContentsThis Site is for Informational Purposes Only and Does Not Provide Medical Advice.User Obligations.License Grant.Prohibited Activities.Message Boards, Chat Rooms and Posting Guidelines.Commercial Transactions.Third Party Content.Sweepstakes, Contests and Games.Accounts, Passwords and Security.Linking to the Sites.Disclaimer Regarding Linked Third Party Sites.Dealings with Third Parties.Privacy.Disclaimer of Warranties.Limitation of Liability.Indemnification.Copyright Policy.Jurisdictional Issues.Termination.Governing Law.Waiver and Severability.Successors and Assigns.Arbitration ClauseUpdates. IMPORTANT: Everyday Health, Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Everyday Health") operate this website, other health, wellness, diet and fitness websites that are part of the Everyday Health portfolio of websites (collectively, the "Sites") and the services related to or offered on the Sites (hereinafter, the "Services"). Some of the Sites are websites that we operate on behalf of third party licensors, for example, diet.mayoclinic.org (collectively, "Licensors", such Licensors together with Everyday Health, "us" or "we"). Everyday Health's Services may include, without limitation, tools, applications, email services, bulletin and message boards, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, calendars, and downloadable mobile applications related to the Sites or provided through the Sites. The Sites and Services are funded, and Everyday Health earns income, from advertising, sponsored content, affiliate program commissions, and lead generation, among other sources. These Terms of Use (“TOU”) govern your use of any of the Sites and Services that are provided by Everyday Health. Please read this agreement carefully before accessing or using any of the Sites or Services. Each time you access or use the Sites or Services, you agree to be bound by these TOU. If you do not agree to be bound by all of these TOU, you may not access or use the Sites or Services. In addition, certain areas of the Sites or Services may be subject to additional terms of use that we make available for your review. By using such areas, or any part thereof, you are expressly indicating that you have read and agree to be bound by the additional terms of use applicable to such areas. In the event that any of the additional terms of use governing such area conflict with these TOU, the additional terms will control.THESE TERMS CONTAIN A BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER. 1. This Site is for Informational Purposes Only and Does Not Provide Medical Advice.The Sites and Services offer health, fitness and nutrition related information, but are designed for non-commercial, informational purposes only. YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON THIS INFORMATION AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR, NOR DOES IT REPLACE, PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE, DIAGNOSIS OR TREATMENT. IF YOU HAVE ANY CONCERNS OR QUESTIONS ABOUT YOUR HEALTH OR THE CONTENT ON THE SITES OR SERVICES, YOU SHOULD ALWAYS CONSULT WITH A PHYSICIAN OR OTHER HEALTH-CARE PROFESSIONAL. DO NOT DISREGARD, AVOID OR DELAY OBTAINING MEDICAL OR HEALTH RELATED ADVICE FROM YOUR HEALTH-CARE PROFESSIONAL BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU MAY HAVE READ ON THE SITE OR THROUGH THE SERVICES. THE USE OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITES OR THROUGH THE SERVICES IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. Nothing stated or posted on the Sites or available through any Service is intended to be, and must not be taken to be, the practice of medicine or counseling care. For the purposes of this agreement, the practice of medicine and counseling includes, without limitation, psychiatry, psychology, psychotherapy, the practice of pharmacy, nutrition and fitness counseling or providing health care treatment, instructions, diagnosis, prognosis or advice. Developments in medical research may impact the health, fitness and nutritional topics discussed on the Sites or through the Services and no assurance can be given that the information contained in the Sites or the Services will always include the most recent findings or developments with respect to the particular material. Your access or use of the Sites and the Services does not create in any way a physician/patient, confidential, or privileged relationship, or any other relationship that would give rise to any duties on our part or the part of our Licensors. We do not recommend or endorse any specific tests, physicians, clinics, procedures, opinions, products or other information that may appear on the Sites or Services. If you rely on any of the information provided by this Site or the Services, our employees, or guests or visitors to the Sites, you do so solely at your own risk.2. User Obligations.You agree to abide by all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations, including U.S. export and re-export control and economic sanction laws and regulations, with respect to your use of the Sites and Services. You also acknowledge and agree that your use of the Internet and access to the Sites is solely at your own risk. You should also understand that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from a Site over the Internet or other form of global communication network cannot be guaranteed. Accordingly, Everyday Health is not responsible for the security of any information transmitted to or from the Sites. Everyday Health reserves the right to prohibit or terminate use of or access to the Sites at any time, without notice, for any reason whatsoever. By using the Services, you agree to be bound by Google’s Terms of Service. 3. License Grant.This TOU provides to you a personal, revocable, limited, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable license to use the Sites conditioned on your continued compliance with these TOU. You may print and download materials and information from the Sites solely for your personal use, provided that all hard copies contain all copyright and other applicable notices contained in such materials and information.  4. Prohibited Activities.The Sites and the Services are not intended for children under the age of 16 (or applicable age in your country) and children under 16 (or applicable age in your country) should not use the Sites or the Services. You acknowledge and agree that the Sites and Services contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, and are the sole property of Everyday Health, its Licensors or our content providers. Unless otherwise specified in writing, the Services are for your personal and non-commercial use. In connection with your use of the Sites and/or the Services, you acknowledge and agree that you will not: 1. Copy, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, otherwise attempt to discover the source code, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information, software, products or services obtained through the Sites or the Services; 2. Access the Sites or Services by any means other than through the standard industry-accepted or Everyday Health-provided interfaces; 3. Post or transmit any material that contains a virus or corrupted data; 4. Delete any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels; 5. Violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, rule or regulation or use the Sites and/or the Services for any purpose that is prohibited by these TOU; 6. Manipulate or otherwise display the Sites and/or the Services by using framing or similar navigational technology; 7. Register, subscribe or unsubscribe any party for any Everyday Health product or service if you are not expressly authorized by such party to do so; 8. Use the Sites or the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair Everyday Health's servers or networks, or interfere with any other user's use and enjoyment of the Sites and/or the Services; 9. Gain or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any of the Sites, Services, accounts, computer systems or networks connected to Everyday Health through hacking, password mining or any other means; 10. Obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Sites or the Services or harvest or otherwise collect information about other users without their consent; 11. Use the sites in any manner that could damage, disparage, or otherwise negatively impact Everyday Health. In addition, you agree to comply with our Posting Guidelines below. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCING ANY SERVICES, PROGRAMS, PRODUCTS, INFORMATION OR MATERIALS PROVIDED BY EVERYDAY HEALTH TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED.  5. Message Boards, Chat Rooms and Posting Guidelines.Everyday Health hosts message boards, chats and other public forums on its Sites and through the Services. Message boards, chats and other public forums are intended to serve as discussion centers for users and subscribers of the Sites. These are public forums and any information that you post on the Sites or through the Services may be seen by anyone on the Internet. Any user will have the ability to edit or delete their own posts after posting. When posting information on the Sites or through the Services, use good taste when discussing sensitive topics. Both users and moderators are required to treat others with respect and honesty. Be fair and informative. Post honest and valuable information and don't post rumors or negative opinions that are not supported by facts. Unless the information in your post arises directly from your personal experience, references to any health-related or medical information you provide must be included in your post. In addition to the prohibited activities described above, when posting information and media on the Sites or through the Services you must not:Post anything that interferes with or disrupts the Sites or the operation thereof, including files that contain malicious code, viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer, network or the Sites;Post statements or materials that are libelous or defame, harass, abuse, stalk, threaten, intimidate or in any way infringe on the rights of others;Post statements or materials that violate other contractual or fiduciary rights, duties or agreements;Post or upload personal information, pictures, videos or any other media of another person without their express permission;Delete or revise any material posted by any other person or entity;Post statements or materials that are bigoted, hateful, racially offensive, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, profane, or otherwise objectionable, including language or images that typically would not be considered socially or professionally responsible or appropriate in person;Post statements or materials that encourage criminal conduct or that would give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law or regulation in any jurisdiction;Post statements or materials that in any way harm minors;Post statements or materials that impersonate any other person or entity, whether actual or fictitious, including, without limitation, employees and representatives of Everyday Health;Post statements or materials that misrepresent your affiliation with any entity and/or Everyday Health;Post anything that violates the privacy or publicity rights of any other person, including, without limitation, posting any personal identifying information of another individual, including, without limitation, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, Social Security numbers, credit card numbers or any trade secrets or information for which you have any obligation of confidentiality;Post statements or materials that constitute junk mail, spam or unauthorized advertising or promotional materials, including, without limitation, links to commercial products or services or any political campaigning;Post material that in the sole judgment of Everyday Health is objectionable or restricts or inhibits any person or entity from using or enjoying any interactive features or other portions of the Site, or which may expose Everyday Health or its users to harm or liability of any nature; orPost material that infringes, or that may infringe, any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party, or that you otherwise do not have the right to make available, without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right. Everyday Health does not have any express burden of responsibility to provide any user with indications, markings or anything else that may aid any user in determining whether the material in question is copyrighted or trademarked. Users shall be solely liable for any damage resulting for infringements of copyrights, trademarks, proprietary rights or any other harm resulting from such submission. Any user failing to comply with these guidelines may be expelled from and refused continued access to the message boards, chats or other public forums in the future. Everyday Health or its designated agents may remove or alter any user-created content at any time for any reason. Materials posted and/or uploaded to the various public forums may be subject to size and usage limitations. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations. Everyday Health and its Licensors expressly disclaim all responsibility and endorsement and make no representation as to the validity of any opinion, advice, information or statement made or displayed in these forums by third parties, nor are we responsible for any errors or omissions in such postings, or for hyperlinks embedded in any messages. Under no circumstances will Everyday Health, its Licensors, or our affiliates, suppliers or agents be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained through these forums. The opinions expressed in these forums are solely the opinions of the participants, and do not reflect the opinions of Everyday Health, its Licensors or any of their subsidiaries or affiliates. Everyday Health and its Licensors have no obligation whatsoever to monitor any of the content or postings on the message boards, chat rooms or other public forums. However, you acknowledge and agree that we reserve the right to monitor the same at our sole discretion. Everyday Health employees typically moderate our boards on a daily basis. Unless otherwise stated, these moderators are not medical professionals and should not be construed as such. Our moderators reserve the right to alter, edit, refuse to post or remove any postings or content, in whole or in part, for any reason and to disclose such materials and the circumstances surrounding their transmission to any third party in order to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request and to protect ourselves, our clients, sponsors, users and visitors. In addition, Everyday Health and Everyday Health’s moderators reserve the right to contact users to inform them of policies, hide users’ posts or delete users’ accounts without warning or notice in advance, for any reason, including but not limited to the violation of these Terms. By sending or transmitting to us content, images, video, audio files, creative suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, information or other materials (collectively, "Submission Materials"), or by posting such Submission Materials on the Sites, you hereby grant to us and our designees a worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicenseable, assignable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to use, reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, sell, offer for sale and import such Submission Materials in any media now known or hereafter devised, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to you. The foregoing license to Everyday Health shall be fully paid-up and royalty free. You represent and warrant that any person or entity named or pictured in such Submission Material has provided any necessary licenses, rights or authorizations to allow Everyday Health's use of such Submission Materials in accordance with such license. None of the Submission Materials disclosed or posted via message boards, chats or other public forums shall be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality, attribution or otherwise. 6. Commercial Transactions.Certain products or services may be offered for sale on the Sites or through the Services. In the event you wish to purchase or to subscribe for any of these products or services, you will be asked by Everyday Health or an authorized third party to supply certain information, including without limitation, your full name, address, telephone number and credit card information. You agree to provide us or such third party with the foregoing information as well as any other mandatory information. You agree that any such information provided shall be accurate, complete and current. You agree to comply with the terms and conditions of any agreement that you may enter into governing your purchase of the product or service. You shall be responsible for all charges incurred through your account as well as for paying any applicable taxes. By providing Everyday Health with your credit card number and associated payment information, you agree that Everyday Health and/or our third party service providers are authorized to immediately invoice your account for all fees and charges due and payable to us as a result of your order, including but not limited to service fees, subscription fees or any other fee or charge associated with your access to the Services and/or purchase of products. In the event that access to an applicable Service requires a recurring payment, you agree that we (or our third party payment service provider) may automatically invoice your account at the beginning of each recurring period. We reserve the right to increase charges and fees, or to institute new charges or fees at any time, upon reasonable advance notice communicated to you through a posting on the applicable Site or such other means as we may deem appropriate from time to time (including electronic mail or conventional mail). You agree to immediately notify Everyday Health of any change in your billing address or the credit card used for payment hereunder. Your right to use a paid service or a specific product is conditional upon our receipt of payment. If payment cannot be charged to your credit card or if a charge is refunded for any reason, including chargeback, we reserve the right to either suspend or terminate your access and account. You agree that in the event we are unable to collect the fees you owe us for the products or services specified in your order, we may take any other steps we deem necessary to collect such fees from you, and that you will be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by us in connection with such collection activity, including collection fees, interest, court costs and attorneys' fees. To review the billing terms on your account or to terminate a subscription service, you may email billing@everydayhealth.com or call 1-888-795-4719, Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. EST.  7. Third Party Content.Any opinions, advice, statements, services, advertisements, offers or other information or content expressed or made available through the Sites by third parties, including information providers, are those of the respective authors or distributors and not Everyday Health. Neither Everyday Health, its Licensors nor any third-party content providers guarantee the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any content. Furthermore, neither Everyday Health nor its Licensors endorse or are responsible for the accuracy and reliability of any opinion, advice or statement made on any of the Sites or Services by anyone other than an authorized Everyday Health or Licensor representative while acting in his/her official capacity. You may be exposed through the Sites or Services to content that violates our policies, is sexually explicit or is otherwise offensive. You access the Sites and Services at your own risk. We take no responsibility for your exposure to third party content on the Sites or the Services. Everyday Health and its Licensors do not assume, and expressly disclaim, any obligation to obtain and include any information other than that provided to it by its third party sources. It should be understood that we do not advocate the use of any product or procedure described in the Sites or through the Services, nor are we responsible for misuse of a product or procedure due to typographical error.  8. Sweepstakes, Contests and Games.If Everyday Health conducts a sweepstake, contest, or game on the Sites, the rules governing any of the foregoing shall be accessible through a hypertext link prominently displayed on the page where the sweepstake, contest or game may be located. By entering or participating in any of them, you agree to be subject to those rules, regulations and procedures. Please remember to read the rules carefully before participating.  9. Accounts, Passwords and Security.If any of the Sites or Services require you to open an account, you must complete the registration process by providing Everyday Health with current, complete and accurate information, as prompted by the applicable registration form. You acknowledge that by providing any information to Everyday Health which is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Everyday Health reserves the right to terminate your access and use of the Sites and/or the Services. As part of the registration process, you will be asked to select a username and password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account and password. FURTHERMORE, YOU ARE ENTIRELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY AND ALL ACTIVITIES AND CONDUCT, WHETHER BY YOU OR ANYONE ELSE, THAT ARE CONDUCTED THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT. You agree to notify Everyday Health immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. Neither Everyday Health nor its Licensors will be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. You may be held liable for any losses incurred by Everyday Health, its Licensors or another party due to someone else using your account or password.  10. Linking to the Sites.We reserve the right to disallow you to link to the Sites at any time in our sole discretion. If we exercise such right, you agree to immediately remove and disable any and all of your links to the Sites. In the absence of a written agreement with us specifying how you may link to the Sites, use the following guidelines for adding one or more links to the Sites from your website: The link must be a text-only link that clearly includes the URL of the applicable Site;If the link points to any page on a Site other than the home page, the text link must also include the title of the target landing page. (For example, if the link points to the "Healthy Living" area of the EverydayHealth.com Site, the link should include the words "Healthy Living - EverydayHealth.");The appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with our good name and trademarks;The appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not create the false impression that an entity is associated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by us;The link, when activated by a user, must display the Site full-screen and not within a "frame" on the linking website and linking may not trigger any interstitial or pop-up or pop-under windows; andThe link may not be used in connection with or appear on a website that a reasonable person might consider offensive, obscene, defamatory or otherwise malicious.  11. Disclaimer Regarding Linked Third Party Sites.The links on any of the Sites and/or Services will let you leave the particular Sites or Service you are accessing in order to access a linked third party site (the "Linked Sites"). Everyday Health provides these links as a convenience, but we neither control nor endorse these Linked Sites, nor has Everyday Health reviewed or approved the content which appears on the Linked Sites. Everyday Health is not responsible for the legality, accuracy or appropriateness of any content, advertising, products, services or other materials on or available from any Linked Sites. You acknowledge and agree that Everyday Health shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of any of the links, content, goods or services available on or through the Linked Sites.  12. Dealings with Third Parties.Your participation, correspondence or business dealings with any third party found on or through our Sites and Services, including, without limitation, advertisers and other users, regarding payment and delivery of specific goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, representations or warranties associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party. You agree that Everyday Health shall not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage, or other matters of any sort incurred as the result of such dealings.  13. Privacy.Everyday Health's privacy policy with respect to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information is set forth at https://www.whattoexpect.com/privacy-policy, and is incorporated by reference into these TOU. BY ACCESSING THE SITES AND/OR SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE ACCEPTING OUR PRIVACY POLICY.  14. Disclaimer of Warranties.THE SITES AND THE SERVICES, AND ANY CONTENT, TOOLS, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES DISPLAYED, ACCESSED OR OBTAINED ON OR THROUGH THE SITES AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE", AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, EVERYDAY HEALTH, ITS LICENSORS AND THEIR AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, AND AGENTS DO NOT WARRANT AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM THAT: (i) YOUR USE OF THE SITES AND/OR SERVICES AND ACCESS TO AND USE OF ALL OF THE TOOLS AND FEATURES THEREON WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR SECURE; (ii) THAT ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THEREIN IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR COMPLETE; (iii) THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR (iv) THAT ANY SOFTWARE, SERVICES, SITES OR SERVER(S) ON WHICH THE SITES OR SERVICES ARE HOSTED ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOUR USE OF THE SITES AND THE SERVICES AND ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIALS PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE SITES AND SERVICES ARE ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES SOLD OR ADVERTISED HEREIN OR ABOUT THE SATISFACTION OF GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS REQUIRING DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON PRESCRIPTION DRUG PRODUCTS WITH REGARD TO THE CONTENT CONTAINED ON THE SITES OR THROUGH THE SERVICES. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO ANY TREATMENT, ACTION OR APPLICATION OF MEDICINE, MEDICATION OR THE INFORMATION OFFERED OR PROVIDED WITHIN OR THROUGH THE SITES OR THE SERVICES.  15. Limitation of Liability.NEITHER EVERYDAY HEALTH NOR ITS LICENSORS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS OR SPONSORS ARE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY LOSS OR INJURY OR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO (i) THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITES AND/OR THE SERVICES; (ii) ANY CONTENT CONTAINED ON THE SITES AND/OR THE SERVICES; (iii) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT POSTED OR MADE PUBLICLY AVAILABLE ON THE SITES AND/OR THE SERVICES; (iv) ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITES AND/OR SERVICES; (v) ANY ACTION TAKEN IN RESPONSE TO OR AS A RESULT OF ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THE SITES AND/OR SERVICES; (vi) ANY DAMAGE CAUSED BY LOSS OF ACCESS TO, DELETION OF, FAILURE TO STORE, FAILURE TO BACK UP, OR ALTERATION OF ANY CONTENT ON THE SITES AND/OR SERVICES; OR (vii) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SITES AND/OR THE SERVICES. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF EVERYDAY HEALTH OR ITS LICENSORS TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR USING ANY OF THE SITES AND/OR SERVICES. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations and disclaimers may not apply to you. To the extent that we may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any implied warranty or limit liabilities, the scope and duration of such warranty and the extent of our liability will be the minimum permitted under such applicable law.  16. Indemnification.You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Everyday Health and its Licensors, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, co-branders or other partners, employees and representatives harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements) which arise directly or indirectly out of or from (i) your breach of these TOU; (ii) any allegation that any Submission Materials infringe or otherwise violate the copyright, trade secret, trademark or other intellectual property rights of a third party; and (iii) your access or use of the Sites or the Services.  17. Copyright Policy.The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under the U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by Everyday Health infringe your copyright, you or your agent may send to Everyday Health a notice requesting that the material be removed or access to it be blocked. Any notification by a copyright owner or a person authorized to act on its behalf that fails to comply with requirements of the DMCA shall not be considered sufficient notice and shall not be deemed to confer upon Everyday Health actual knowledge of facts or circumstances from which infringing material or acts are evident. If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, the DMCA permits you to send to Everyday Health a counter-notice. All notices and counter notices must meet the then current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA; see http://www.loc.gov/copyright for details. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent the following information: An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;Identification of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site or Service reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as your address, telephone number and, if available, your email address;A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; andA statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.Everyday Health's Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement or counter notices can be reached as follows: Designated Agent: Stephen Hicks; Address of Agent: c/o Ziff Davis, LLC, 114 5th Avenue, 15th FL, New York, NY 10011; Telephone: (212) 503-3569; Fax: (646) 728-9501; E-mail for notice: DMCA@everydayhealthinc.com. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice. Also, be aware that there can be penalties for false claims under the DMCA. 18. Jurisdictional Issues.Everyday Health makes no representation or warranty that the content and materials on the Sites or the Services are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States. Those who choose to access the Sites or use the Services from other locations do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent applicable. Everyday Health reserves the right, at any time in our sole discretion, to limit the availability and accessibility of the Sites or the Services to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we so desire, and to limit the quantities of any such service or products that we provide.  19. Termination.You agree that Everyday Health, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account (in whole or in part) or use of the Sites or Services, and remove and discard any content within the Sites or Services, at any time and for any reason. You agree that any actions taken under this Section may be effective without prior notice to you.  20. Governing Law.These TOU and the relationship between you and Everyday Health shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and Everyday Health irrevocably agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located within the county of New York, in the State of New York, and waive any jurisdictional, venue or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.  21. Waiver and Severability.The failure of Everyday Health to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these TOU shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these TOU is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severed herefrom and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.  22. Successors and Assigns.We may perform any of our obligations or exercise any of our rights under this TOU through one or more of our corporate affiliates (including any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with us). If Everyday Health or its assets are acquired by another entity, that entity will assume our rights and obligations as described in this TOU. You may not assign your rights or obligations under this TOU, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent.  23. Arbitration ClauseARBITRATION NOTICE: Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, shall be determined by arbitration in New York, New York before a single arbitrator. The arbitration shall be administered JAMS, pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. This clause shall not preclude parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party shall have the right to institute an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief pending a final decision by the arbitrator. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT (I) NO ARBITRATION SHALL BE JOINED WITH ANY OTHER; (II) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE TO BE ARBITRATED ON A CLASS-ACTION BASIS OR TO UTILIZE CLASS ACTION PROCEDURES; AND (III) THERE IS NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY DISPUTE TO BE BROUGHT IN A PURPORTED REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY ON BEHALF OF THE GENERAL PUBLIC OR ANY OTHER PERSONS. If the specific provision of this paragraph is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section entitled “Binding Arbitration” shall be null and void. YOU AGREE TO WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND UNDERSTAND THAT, ABSENT THIS PROVISION, YOU WOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. 24. UpdatesWe may modify these TOU at any time, as we deem appropriate. If you disagree with the changes to the TOU, you must discontinue your use of the Sites and Services, and if you have registered as a member, cancel your registration. Your continued access or use of any of the Sites or Services following such notice signifies your acceptance of the modified TOU. It is your responsibility to review the TOU regularly to be aware of such modifications. We reserve the right to modify or discontinue the Sites or Services with or without notice. We will not be liable to you or any third party should we exercise our right to modify or discontinue the Sites or Services. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse will be to cease access to the Sites or Services. Continued access to the Sites or Services following notice of any such changes will indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and acceptance of the Sites or Services as so modified and your use of new Services will be governed by these TOU.Date of Last Revision: April 10, 2020Follow Us On
Find advice, support, and good company (and some stuff just for fun).What to Expect AppsPopular TopicsAbout UsContact UsAdvertise With UsAbout Heidi MurkoffAccessibilityWhat to Expect ProjectMedical Review PolicyWhat to Expect BookstoreAdvertising PolicyDo Not Sell My Personal InformationHelp AdChoices
FeedbackThe educational health content on What To Expect is reviewed by our medical review board and team of experts to be up-to-date and in line with the latest evidence-based medical information and accepted health guidelines, including the medically reviewed What to Expect books by Heidi Murkoff. This educational content is not medical or diagnostic advice. Use of this site is subject to our terms of use and privacy policy. © 2020 Everyday Health, IncA property of
This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information.