http://www.dadz.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Dadz Privacy Policy
Last Updated on May 8, 2020.
The following Privacy Policy is for Dadz.com (the “Web Site”) (however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices, or otherwise) and all of its subsidiaries and affiliate websites, products, and services (collectively, “Dadz”, “Us”, “We”). We take your privacy very seriously and we want you to know how we’re using your personal information and how you’re also able to access and update it, when necessary. When we materially edit our Privacy Policy, we will inform you of any changes via email. You should also revisit our Web Site from time to time to view our most current Privacy Policy then in effect.
This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at the Web Site, and does not cover any information collected at any other web site or offline by Dadz (unless specifically stated). This Privacy Policy describes, among other things, the types of information collected about you when you visit the Web Site; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information; and how your information is protected. If you do not agree to our Privacy Policy, please do not use our site.
Please review our full Privacy Policy below – but here are some key points to be aware of:
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways, including: when you provide information to us directly, automatically as you use the Web Site, and from third-party sources.
We primarily use the information collected from you in order to allow you to participate in the Web Site and to communicate information and offers to you (on the Web Site and elsewhere online). We may share your personal information under certain limited circumstances, such as with vendors providing services to us or for legal compliance. We may also share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes where you have consented to such sharing.
When you view video content on the Web Site, share information through a social-networking feature on the Web Site, or post to one of the Web Site’s Public Areas (areas on our Web Site where you may post or comment subject to compliance with our Terms of Use), third parties may have access to information on what videos you have watched.
Data Collection:
Personal Information We May Collect
Your name, email address, shipping and billing address, phone number, and credit card number may be collected at the Web Site. We also might ask for your birth date, your child’s name, birth date or other relevant data for surprise gifting. :) We may also ask for your interests or preferences. You could be prompted to create a username and password to access your account. From time to time, we might also ask for the email addresses of your friends to share deals and discounts. We also may lawfully obtain personal information about you from affiliated entities, business partners, and other independent third party sources and add it to your account information. Examples of information we may receive includes updated contact information, purchase history, and demographic information.
As is the case with most websites these days, please note we may also take in information about your computer that might include your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser type (such as Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer), your Internet Service Provider (ISP), a timestamp of your visit and time zone, broad geographic location (e.g., country or city-level location), network status, operating system and carrier, and the last page you visited, in addition to any referring website or exit pages once you leave our site. We may also collect information on your internet connection, information from cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies and interactions, such as the links clicked on and whether email messages were opened or forwarded. We may combine the information you give us with information related to your transactions and information we receive about you from third parties who carry out services on our behalf. The information received via cookies and web beacons may allow us to track your activities across devices and users’ clickstream data associated with cookies and web beacons. Please see the “Cookies” and “Web Beacons” sections below for more information. Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Web Site, where they come from, and what content on our Web Site is of interest to them. We may also use third party advertising platform pixels, which collect user data for retargeting and remarketing purposes.
If you send information to Dadz, the communication you provide (names, email addresses, phone numbers, etc.) is used on a one-time basis to facilitate the communication and is NOT used for other marketing purposes, unless we obtain consent from you.
Your Location
If you’re allowing your location to be tracked on your mobile device, we might take note of your location to help direct you to a Walmart location near you, since Walmart is our exclusive partner. You can always disable your location on your phone to prevent this from happening.
Cookies
Dadz’s site uses cookies. Cookies are small data files stored on your computer’s hard drive. This information helps us provide a more personal, customized experience on dadz.com to help us recognize you as a previous visitor and remember any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting our Web Site. We also use cookies to customize the content and advertisements provided to you on the Web Site and on other sites across the Internet. For example, when you access a page on our Web Site, a cookie is automatically set by us, our service providers, or our partners to recognize you as you navigate on the Internet and to present you with information and advertising based on your apparent interests. Cookies also help us measure and research the effectiveness of Web Site features and offerings, advertisements, and email communications (by determining which emails you open and act upon. Occasionally, we share data obtained from cookies with our partners. If you do not want to allow information to be collected through the use of cookies, you can generally opt-out of providing this information by setting your browser to reject cookies. However, please be aware that some areas of the Web Site may not provide you with an acceptable user experience if you have disabled the use of cookies.
Web Beacons
The Web Site and any communications sent by the Web Site may contain electronic images (generally, single-pixel “.gif” images) called “web beacons.” These web beacons allow Dadz and third parties to monitor and collect certain information about the viewer of the web page, web-based document, e-mail message, or other communication, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon, a unique identifier of the device that the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed. Web beacons may also be used to deliver or read cookies, to understand whether you have come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to help us understand the performance of our marketing efforts (i.e., interaction with social media advertisements or Web Site traffic and performance activity), and to improve site performance. We also may allow our service providers to use web beacons to, for example, help us understand which emails have been opened by recipients and to track the visitor traffic and actions on our site. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our content and other offerings.
Embedded Scripts
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Web Site, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Web Site, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter. In addition, we may use a variety of other technologies that collect similar information for security and fraud detection purposes.
Data Use:
The information we collect may be used to:
Provide you with electronic newsletters, information, special offers, and promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties;
Fulfill your requests for products, services, and information and complete a transaction that you have requested;
Enable you to participate in Web Site features, such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes/contests, and Public Areas;
Contact you about the Web Site, including, without limitation, in our discretion to notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy, the Web Site’s Terms of Use, or other policies that affect your use of the Web Site;
Analyze the use of Web Site and information about visitors to our Web Site to understand and improve your experience on the Web Site, improve our service offerings generally, and for other internal business purposes and to prevent and detect fraud;
Customize the advertising and content you see, both on the Web Site and elsewhere online;
Comply with and monitor compliance with our Terms of Use and other applicable agreements and policies;
Manage your account including processing payments;
Generate products for Dadz;
Communicate with you in general and provide customer services;
Resolve disputes, collect fees, or troubleshoot problems;
Prevent potentially prohibited and illegal activities;
For other purposes disclosed when you provide your information; and
To enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements
Please note that information submitted to the Web Site via a “Contact Us,” “Send Your Comments,” or other similar mechanism will not necessarily receive a response. We will not use any such information you provide for marketing purposes unrelated to your request, although we may contact you regarding your submission.
The information we collect may also be used to serve you tailored advertising:
We are committed to providing you with relevant content and information. We work with third-party service providers to serve and analyze advertisements on the Web Site and elsewhere online and to provide us with information regarding use of the Web Site. Analytics providers, ad network providers, ad agencies, advertisers and similar third parties may set and access their own tracking devices (including cookies and web beacons) and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you and your visits to the Web Site or other online services. Such information may be used to display targeted ads to you.
We may allow third parties to collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies. These third parties may include (1) business partners, who collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on our Web Site; and (2) advertising networks, which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements or tracking mechanisms they place on many different websites. The information gathered by these parties may be used, for example, to make predictions about your characteristics, interests, or preferences, and to display advertisements on our Web Site and other unaffiliated web sites tailored to your apparent interests. Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies these third parties may use to collect information about your interests and the information practices of these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy.
You can choose not to receive targeted online advertising from us on other websites and you can learn more about how you can opt out of having your information used for targeted advertising purposes by third parties by accessing one of the following resources:
http://optout.networkadvertising.org
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
Note that if you choose not to receive advertisements tailored to you, you will still see online advertisements, but they will be more general and less relevant to you.
Data Sharing:
Third Party Sharing
We do not sell your personal data to any third party. We may share information collected about you as disclosed at the time of collection, as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy, and in the following circumstances:
If Dadz does a partnership, promotion, contest or sweepstakes, we may share your information with our partner(s). For further details on this, please see “Contests, Promotions, and Sweepstakes,” below.
Also, from time to time, we may have links on our site that take you outside dadz.com, to their site. Once you leave our site, our Privacy Policy no longer applies.
We employ third party service providers to perform functions on our behalf; examples include hosting or operating the Web Site, provide functionality on or help enhance the security of our Web Site, sending e-mail and/or other communications, providing wireless services, removing repetitive information from customer lists, data analysis, business analytics, marketing assistance, customer service, credit card processing, distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs, and fraud prevention. These third parties may have access to your personal information for the purpose of performing such functions on the Web Site's behalf. They are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose.
With Your Consent
With your consent, we may share your personal information with third-party marketing partners for their own marketing purposes. We do not share your personal information with third parties for those third parties’ marketing purposes unless you opt-in to such sharing at the time you provide your personal information. If you do agree to have your personal information shared, your personal information will be disclosed to such third party(s) and all information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party(s). We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third party(s) and, therefore, you should review the privacy policies and practices of such third party(s) prior to agreeing to receive such information from third party(s). If you later decide that you no longer want to receive communication from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.
Contests, Promotions and Sweepstakes
When it makes sense, we’ll partner with like-minded companies and brands on contests, promotions or sweepstakes. If you enter one of these types of promotions, your information could be shared with our partner for prize fulfillment and email purposes. Also, when you enter, please pay close attention to the official rules pertaining to the contest. In some cases, your name and likeness could be used for marketing purposes.
Business Transfers
We share the information collected through the Web Site with and among our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates. Dadz or any of it assets, including the Web Site, may be sold, or other transactions may occur in which your personal information is one of the key business assets for the transaction. In such a case, your personal information may be one of the business assets we transfer. Hence, Dadz reserves the right to disclose and transfer user information, including personal information, in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our assets, other corporate change, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, and including any due diligence process.
Co-Branded Partners
Co-Branded Partners are third parties with whom we may jointly offer a service or feature (“Co-Branded Partners”). You can tell when you are accessing a service or feature offered by a Co-Branded Partner because the Co-Branded Partner’s name will be featured prominently. You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner. In doing so, you may be providing your information to both us and the Co-Branded Partner, or we may share your information with the Co-Branded Partner. Please note that the Co-Branded Partner’s privacy policy may also apply to its use of your information.
Law Enforcement or Governing Bodies
We may disclose your personal data as permitted by law in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violation of our intellectual property rights, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violation of our Terms of Use or other agreements, or as required by law.
Security:
We have in place various procedures to safeguard your information, including technical, administrative and physical procedures intended to keep your information secure. However, please note that although we take reasonable steps to protect your information, no website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
In addition, we take steps to retain personal information about you only for so long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, as required under contract, or as required by or permissible under applicable law. We will only hold your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, before making it non-identifiable or deleting it.
Other Important Information:
Unsubscribe Anytime
We make it easy to say goodbye to marketing emails, but you can’t unsubscribe to emails pertinent to your account, such as billing or shipping notices. We do reserve the right to hold on to personal information necessary for doing business with you. You can always ask us to delete your personal information, too, by emailing support@dadz.com.
Live in California?
If you live in California, you can ask us to send the categories of personal information we’re sharing with our partners for the preceding calendar year. To start the process, send an email with “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field or letter with this statement to:
Dadz
Attn: Legal
202 Bicknell Ave
Santa Monica, CA 90405
Email: support@dadz.com
You must include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
Do Not Track
Some Internet browsers include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” signals. Since uniform standards for “Do Not Track” signals have not been adopted, this Web Site does not process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals. To learn more about “Do Not Track,” please visit “All About Do Not Track” at www.allaboutdnt.com/.
Children Under 13
This Web Site is not intended to appeal to adults only. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13 nor do we knowingly market or otherwise target our Web Site or its products or services to children under the age of 13. If this happens, we will delete it. If you’re concerned that we’ve collected information from children under 13, please reach out at support@dadz.com.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be made when required in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make, and in accordance with applicable law. You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about changes to this Privacy Policy, please contact us as specified below.
Contact Us
You can contact us with questions or about updating or accessing your information by support@dadz.com.
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.