http://www.meredith.com/legal/eu-privacy
YOUR PRIVACY
MATTERS
Effective Date: February 12, 2020
Hi we are Meredith! Meredith
Corporation and our brands focus on providing you with destinations you can
trust and rely on for every stage of your life to connect you to great content,
products and services and personalize your experience with us.
Our mission is to be clear and
transparent about how and why we collect and use information and to empower you
to control your personal information. You are not our product, you are our
customer.
When
Does this Policy Apply?
This Privacy
Policy applies to you as an individual in the European Union when you interact
with Meredith’s National Media Group brands (“Brands”) through their websites, mobile
apps, email communications and other platforms (our “Sites”).  To read our U.S. privacy policy
click here.
If
you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at euprivacy@meredith.com.
What
Does it Say?
Read
this policy in full, here.  Here are the highlights:
What Personal Data Do Our Brands Collect
about You?
Contact
Information (such
as name, phone number, postal address or email address)
Account/Registration
Information (such
as user name and password, reminder questions and answers and
communications preferences, e.g. signing up for a newsletter or
sweepstake, registering for an offer or an experience, or making a
purchase)
Payment
Information (such
as name, billing address, and credit card information, e.g. when making
a purchase)
Online
identifiers
(such as IP address, internal and third party identifiers, advertising
identifiers and device information like unique device ID)
§  Location Data (like your
address, city, and zip code, collected in limited circumstances)
Internet
Activity Information (such as browsing history, information on how
you interact with our Sites (e.g. which articles or ads you click on,
whether you click on links in our emails), and your interactions with
social media platform features)
§
Inferences about Your, Interests, Preferences and other
Behavioral Data (such as hobbies, and interests (e.g. your favorite foods,
purchases or recipes) and consuming tendencies)
MORE
Where/How Do Our Brands Collect Information
About You?
§  From You
o   When you enter
information on the Sites
§  From Your Device
o   From Cookies &
Other Technologies (information
stored on your browser, which tell us your browser, device information, IP
address, and how you interact with the Sites)
§  From Others
o   Advertisers
o   Data Partners
o   Service Providers
MORE
How Do Our Brands Use Your Information?
Our
Brands use your information:
To
recognize you when you are on the Sites to deliver relevant and
compelling content and services to you
To provide
you with offers and other promotions from our Brands and
Advertisers
To conduct market
research and analysis to understand general trends (how many readers
do we have? What content is popular? Do people prefer video over
articles?), our Site visitors, how ads perform on our Sites (e.g., who
clicked on the ad?) and how users engage on our Sites (e.g. who read
that article)
To fulfill
your subscriptions and other orders
To protect
you and us from fraud and other security issues
MORE
Who Do Our Brands Share Your Information With ?
With
Meredith’s other National Media Group Brands, which are covered
by this Privacy Policy.
With
other companies owned by the Meredith Corporation, with guidelines
in place.
With
our service providers, who help operate our Sites and provide our
services to you.
With
third party data partners who help us identify you and who give
us additional information about you that helps us deliver relevant and
compelling content and services and improve the performance of our
Sites.
When
required by law
With
a buyer of all or part of our business.
With
other third parties, when we have your consent.
MORE
How Can You Control Our Use of Your
Information?
You can tell us
how we can use your information by clicking on the links below:
·
Marketing
communications
o
Postal
mail opt-out
o   You can opt-out
from any Meredith email newsletter or other email list by using the
unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message or by visiting the Email
preference center (offered by some of our Brands)
·       To
request deletion or access to your information click here
·       Interest-based
advertising
o   EDAA
o   NAI
o   Nielsen
opt-out
MORE
Children’s Privacy
We do not
knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 16.
MORE
How You Can Learn More
Click here to read our
full Privacy Statement
Still can’t find what you’re looking for
about our data privacy practices? Don’t worry, just reach out to us at euprivacy@meredith.com
and we will get back to you!  You can also contact our Data Protection Officer at: dpo@meredith.com
What Personal Information
Do Our Brands Collect?
When you visit our Sites, our Brands
may collect the following information from or about you:
§
Online
Identifiers: IP address, advertising ID, unique device ID, and other
information about your device, and internal and third party IDs that have been
assigned to you.
§
Location
Information: Information about your location that you provide us or that we
collect from your device.
§
Internet
Activity Information: Information about your use of our Sites and other websites you
visit, including the web pages, content and advertisements you view and links
you click on, and whether you open, forward or click the links in emails we
send to you, your browsing history, and social media use including the
"shares" and “likes” you make on a social media platform that is
connected to the Sites.
§
Inferences
about Your Interests, Preferences and other Behavioral Data: Hobbies, and interests
(like which videos you like, your purchases, favorite recipes, or consumption tendencies).
Some of our Brands offer you the opportunity to sign up for a
newsletter, register on our Sites, or purchase products from us, when you do
that, those Brands may also collect:
§  Contact Information:  Your name, phone
number, postal address or email address.
§
Account/Registration
Information: User name and password, reminder questions and answers, subscription
and account numbers, and communications preferences (such as which newsletters
you would like to receive).
§
Payment
Information:
Billing address, shipping
address, credit card or bank account number, expiration date, and card
verification number (when you provide that information to us).
Where/How Do We Collect Information About
You?
We
collect information about you from a number of sources:
From you.  Some of our Brands collect your contact, registration/account
information, and payment information and any other information when you provide
it to us on the Sites.  When you make a purchase on the Sites, we also retain a
record of your purchases and order history.
From your Device.
What are Cookies & Other Technologies?
§
Cookies.
A
“cookie” is a tiny file that’s stored on your computer. It contains a unique
identifier, as well as the address and other information about the website you
are visiting.  Cookies help us know whether you are a returning visitor to our
Sites.  For example, although you may not log-in when you visit our Sites, we
can use cookies to recognize that you have visited the Site in the past.  By
using cookies, we are able to understand what is of interest to our customers
and ensure the content and services we offer are relevant and compelling when
you visit our Sites.  In some cases, we may use the information we collect from
cookies, to deliver relevant and compelling content to you when you visit the
Sites.
§
Web
Beacons, Pixel Tags and Other Tracking Technologies.  Web beacons, pixel techs
and other “tracking technologies” are small strings of code placed on a web
page or in an email or advertisement.  These technologies allow your browser to
recognize and store certain types of information such as cookies previously
set, the time and date that you viewed the page with the beacon and a
description of that page.
What Choices Do I Have?
We
give you the ability to control what types of cookies are set on our Sites There
are some cookies that we need in order to operate the Sites.  If you deleted
those cookies, the Sites would no longer function (as an example, if we can’t
remember the items you put in a shopping cart, then you won’t be able to place
an order on the Sites).  You can always decide to opt-out of or block delete
the third party cookies (cookies set by Advertisers and Data Partners) on our
Sites.  Visit our section on your privacy choices for more information on how
to opt-out.
From Others.
§  Advertisers. In some cases, the
Advertisers who serve ads on our Sites will share your email or online
identifiers with us so that we can make sure their advertisements or offers
reach you.
§  Data Partners.  We work with third party
data partners who share information with us about your demographic information,
internet activity information, purchasing information, and your interests,
preferences, and other behavioral data, which help us understand you better and
ensure the content and services we offer are relevant and compelling.
§  Service Providers. We work with service providers who
collect information on our behalf in order to provide services to us, such as
hosting our websites, processing our credit card transactions, fulfilling your
subscriptions and orders, verifying your identity, and other activities needed
to help us provide our content and services to you.  We only allow our service
providers to use your personal information in connection with the services they
provide us.
How
Do We Use Your Information?
We rely on our legitimate interests to:
Provide and Improve the
Sites
§  Analyze, operate and
improve our Sites (including repairing errors or debugging) or develop new ones.
§  Allow you to participate
in features such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards.
§  Measure and analyze
visitor traffic and usage patterns and improve the quality and effectiveness of
our Sites, features and related communications.
Security and Fraud
Prevention
§  Enforce our legal rights
or comply with the law.
§  Prevent potentially
prohibited or illegal activities, comply with applicable law and enforce our terns if
service see the terms
of service on the applicable website.
To Determine Trends and
Measure Campaigns
§  To understand trends in
how the visitors to our Sites interact with the ads, content, and features on
our Sites (e.g. your behavior on our Sites may be included in a general report
about whether people prefer video content over written content on our Sites).
§
Conduct
market or audience analysis and related reporting (e.g. to give reports on who
our visitors are and whether the ads displayed are effective).
We obtain your
consent to:
Personalize Your Experience on Our Sites, Including the Ads
Displayed to You
§  Customize the content and
ads you see when you use our Sites, third party sites, in our email
communications, and offers and advertising you may receive offline or as
push-notifications, from us or others.
§  Remember your browser
settings and any preferences you set while using the Sites.
§
Recognize you
across our Sites so that we may deliver relevant interest-based content and
advertising to you.
Create and Manage your
Account
§  Create and manage your Account,
including providing you with access to your Account.
Identify you When You Visit Our Sites
§  Recognize the same users as they
access online or mobile services using multiple browsers or devices and deliver
to them appropriate interest-based content and advertising.
Third Party Offers
§  Provide you with special offers,
promotions and information from select third parties in accordance with
applicable law.
We rely on our contractual
necessity to:
Fulfill Your
Subscriptions, Orders and Other Requests
§
Fulfill
your orders and requests for products, services, and information (including to
send you email or other newsletters).
§
Some
of our brands offer products and services you can purchase individually or on a
subscription basis. We use the information you provide at check-out to process
your orders on those sites.
We may use your information to comply
with our legal obligations and for any other purposes disclosed to you at the
time we collect your information, provided we have obtained the required
consent.
Who
Do We Share Your Information With?
We may share your personal information with other Meredith
Companies, Service Providers, Social Media Platforms, Advertisers, and
Third Party Data Partners.
§  Meredith Companies.  The Meredith
Brands covered by this Privacy Statement share your personal information with
each other, and will use that information as described in this Privacy
Statement.  Our Brands also share your personal information with other companies
in the Meredith family, which have their own
privacy statements and are not subject to this Privacy Statement.
§  Service Providers.  We engage Service
Providers to provide services such as credit-card and billing processing,
shipping, marketing, advertising optimization and interest-based targeting,
email and text message distribution, data processing, mobile and website
analytics, user authentication, security and promotions management.  We may
share any information we collect about you with these Service Providers and
authorize them to collect information from you directly to support the services
they provide to us.  We do not authorize our Service Providers to share or use your
information with any other third parties.
§  Social Media Platforms.  To make your experience
with our Sites more enjoyable, we may offer features made available by social
media platforms (such as likes or social sharing).  Some social media platforms
may collect information directly from you pursuant to their own separate
privacy policies which may differ from ours. Some social media platforms also
act as our data partners, which means that we may share your personal
information with them as described below under “Data Partners.”
§  Data Partners. Some of our Brands
provide select third party Data Partners with lists of our user email addresses
in a hashed, encrypted or anonymized form that they use to recognize you.
These Data Partners will provide us with additional information about you (such
as your interests, preferences or demographic information).  Other Data
Partners use cookies and other tracking technologies to enable the delivery of
interest-based advertising to users. We do not authorize our Data Partners to
share your email address with their other clients.
§  Legal Compliance,
Business Transfers, and Other Disclosures.  We disclose information about users of our
Sites when we believe the law requires it. For example, to respond to
compulsory process or law enforcement requests, to enforce our terms of service for relevant brands, or to protect the rights,
property or safety of users, the public, Meredith Companies, Service Providers,
Social Media Platforms, Advertisers, Data Partners, or third parties.  Over
time, we may reorganize or transfer various assets and lines of business. We
reserve the right to disclose or transfer any information we collect to third
parties in connection with any proposed or actual purchase, sale, lease,
merger, foreclosure, liquidation, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition,
disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of Meredith companies.
How Can You Control Our Use of
Your
Information?
What
Rights Do You Have?
§  Right to Know: You have the right
to ask us to tell you what personal information we collect use, disclose and
sell about you.
§  Right to Request
Deletion: You
have the right to ask us to delete the personal information we collect or
maintain about you.
§
Right
to be Free from Discrimination: You have the right not to be discriminated
against for exercising these rights.
§
Right
to Access or Correct Your Information: You have the right to request access to and
to edit certain personal information that you have provided to us through our
Site
We are only legally required to honor these
rights in certain jurisdictions, but we are working towards honoring these
rights for all Meredith visitors.  If you are in the E.U. and wish to exercise
your rights:
§
Information
and Deletion Requests. To exercise your right to for information on our data
collection practices on this Site or request deletion of the information on
this Site, please use the request form available here. We will need to
verify that you are who you say you are before we delete or share personal
information with you.  After you submit your request, you will be sent a
confirmation email and need to click on the link provided. If you are a postal
subscriber, we may need to request more information from you in order to verify
your request.
What Other
Choices do You Have?
Marketing
Communications
Postal
Mail. To
remove your name and postal address from lists that we sell or rent to third
parties for their direct marketing purposes, or to opt-out of receiving marketing offers for other
Meredith magazines and products by mail, please use the opt-out form available here
or send your request to us in a letter addressed to Meredith Corporation, Opt-Out
Postal, Attn: Circulation, 1716 Locust Street, Des Moines, Iowa 50309.
Note
that if you choose to opt-out of Meredith’s promotional mailings, you may still
receive renewal notices and related offers for any magazines to which you
subscribe.
Email.
You can
opt-out from any Meredith email newsletter or other email list by using the
unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message or by visiting Email Preferences
(offered by some of our Brands) on our Sites and updating your preferences. If
you no longer want to receive third party email offers that you requested
through our Sites, simply follow the advertiser's unsubscribe link or opt-out
instructions that should be included in every commercial message you receive.
Opt-Out of Cookies & Other
Technologies.
On any of our Sites, you can control which types of cookies are
used by visiting the Cookie Preference Center in the footer of those Sites. In
addition, there are a few ways to opt-out or delete cookies:
On your browser (Chrome, Safari, etc.).  The settings of the
browser you use gives you an option to accept or reject most cookies, or to
notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the
"Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie
preferences.) Please be aware that certain browsers cannot block or delete
so-called "Flash" cookies, which use a feature of the Adobe Flash
video player to store information on your computer. For information about
how to delete Flash cookies, please visit the Adobe website. This will opt you
out of cookies on the browser you are using. If you use multiple browsers, you
will need to take this step for all relevant browsers. Please note that denying
all or certain cookies may result in a less personalized experience of some of
the services offered on the website.
On a Mobile Device. Depending on your device and operating system, you may be able to
reset your mobile device's advertising identifier to limit this data collection
or prevent the collection of usage data across unaffiliated applications for
interest-based advertising purposes by accessing the privacy settings on your
mobile device. Each operating system, iOS for Apple devices, Android for
Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own
instructions. Visit the privacy settings for your mobile device or contact your
platform operator for more information.
Opt-Out
of Nielsen’s Tracking Technologies.  Some of our Advertisers and Brands may use Nielsen’s
measurement services, which contribute to market research, like Nielsen’s TV
and Online
Campaign Ratings service.  Nielsen’s pixel may be in some of the ads on our
Sites and will record whether or not you viewed the ad.  Nielsen uses the data
it collects to create ratings reports for advertisers and publishers.  For more
information about Nielsen's information collection practices and any related
opt-out choices, please see the Nielsen.com privacy policy.
Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising
We follow
the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s ("EDAA")
Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral advertising.
·
To opt-out of our
use of your website viewing data to serve interest-based advertising on third-
party websites and email newsletters, visit the EDAA’s
Consumer Choice Page
·
You can also
click on the Ad Choices located in the footer of our websites and navigate to
the consumer opt-out form.
·
Most of the third
party advertising and data companies we work with, including DoubleClick and
Google also subscribe to the EDAA Principles and/or are members of the Network
Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To learn more about the information
collection practices of NAI members and your related opt-out choices, please
visit the NAI's website.
·
You must opt-out
separately from each computer or device and browser that you use to access our
Sites and if you clear your cookies, you will need to repeat the opt-out
process.
**Note
that many of our websites allow you to adjust your cookie preferences. You can
find these controls in the footer of our websites.
Mobile App Advertising and Tracking
Some of our brands may collect information about your mobile
device, including unique advertising identifiers and the names and IDs of apps
you have installed, as well as information about how you use our mobile
applications and other unaffiliated applications. We and our partners use this
information to enable interest-based advertising you receive through our Sites
and within third party apps and other marketing channels. You can opt out at
any time by using the settings on your device (“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS
devices and “Opt Out of Personalized Ads” on Android devices).
Do Not Track
We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals.
Instead, we adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Statement and offer
the opt-out choices described above.
Meredith provides you with the ability to edit certain information
that you
have provided to us through our Services. To update this information, please visit the "My
Account" area or comparable feature of the Service you used to enter your information. If you cannot locate such a feature, send us an
email at euprivacy@meredith.com.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect
information from children under the age of 16. Our Services are not intended
for children under the age of 16, and children under the age of 16 should not
use or register for our Services. If you are a parent or guardian and believe
we have collected any information from your child, please email us at euprivacy@meredith.com. We
encourage you to become involved in your children's online experience, and to
share your knowledge and experience with your young ones.
Additional Privacy
Information
§
Security, Retention and Storage of Information. We use
commercially reasonable procedures to protect the information that we collect.
However, we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we
guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being
transmitted to us over the Internet. Please see our terms of service for the
relevant brand, for more
information related to posting materials on our Sites including our use of such
materials.
§
Location of Your Data and International Transfers.  Meredith is a U.S.
company and your personal information will be transferred to, processed, stored
and accessed by us, the Meredith Companies and Service Providers in the United
States and in other jurisdictions where we or they operate, which may not
provide you with the same level of privacy protection as you are entitled to in
your jurisdiction.
§  EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield.  Meredith adheres to the principles of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Framework (“Privacy Shield Principles”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of
Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
transferred from the European Union (“EU”) to the United States, and it is in
the process of certifying its compliance with the U.S. Department of Commerce.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the
Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles will govern.  To learn
more about the Privacy Shield program, please visit the Privacy Shield website.
Meredith is
responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under the
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, or subsequently transfers to a third party
acting as an agent on its behalf. Meredith complies with the Privacy Shield
Principles for all onward transfers from the EU and EEA, including onward
transfer liability provisions.
The U.S. Federal
Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Meredith’s compliance with its
obligations under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield.  In certain situations, Meredith
may be required to disclose personal information in response to a lawful
request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law
enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield
Principles, Meredith commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use
of your personal information.  EU individuals with inquiries or complaints
regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact us at privacy@meredith.com. If you do not receive
timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not resolved
your complaint, you may submit your complaint at no cost to you to JAMS, our independent recourse mechanism, at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield. In the event there are residual complaints that have not been resolved by JAMS, or any other means, you may seek a non-monetary remedy through binding arbitration to be provided you in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles.
§
Changes to Our Privacy Policy.  Digital technology is rapidly evolving. If
we decide to change our Privacy Statement in the future, we'll post the changes
here and indicate at the top of the policy the last date on which it was
updated. Unless otherwise noted, all changes will be effective when posted.
How Can You Learn More
How to
Contact Us
If
you have any questions or concerns about the Meredith Corporation Privacy
Statement or its implementation, please contact us:
By
email: euprivacy@meredith.com
You also have the right to lodge a complaint
with your local data protection authority.
Individuals
and data protection supervisory authorities from the EU may contact our EU
representative according to Art. 27 GDPR regarding all requests related to data
protection and privacy by using the below information:
DP-Dock GmbH
Meredith
Corporation
Ballindamm
39
20095
Hamburg
Germany
meredith@gdpr-rep.com,