https://www.bloggingawaydebt.com/category/legal/
:::: MENU ::::
Home
Getting Out Of Debt 101
Resources
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home
Getting Out Of Debt 101
Resources
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Browsing posts in:
Legal
Dec 10, 2020
|
0 comments
The Lesson of the Fake Cabbage Patch Kid
by Sara S
The year was 1983. Cabbage Patch Kids were all the rage. I was two years old with four older sisters. And we ALL asked for a Cabbage Patch Kid for Christmas (along with thousands of other children).
Money was tight for my parents, but they really wanted to pull through on this one. Marketers played the game so well that dolls couldn’t stay on the shelves. People were camping out all night and rioting just to get a Cabbage Patch Kid. The holiday supply-and-demand hysteria was born!
My parents asked all my extended family across the country to help look for dolls. Relatives searched in Tennessee, Virginia, California. They didn’t care if the doll was a boy or a girl, wearing an outfit they thought we’d like or what. They just needed a legit Cabbage Patch Kid.
Their perseverance paid off. As Christmas neared, they had gathered four. They just needed one more. And then a solution appeared: my mom was at a bazaar when she saw a knockoff Cabbage Patch-ish doll that was pretty darn close. She bought it immediately and planned to give it to me, their tiniest and least observant child.
On Christmas morning, we came out to see that Santa had lined the dolls up for us on the couch (pointedly out of the boxes so it wouldn’t bring attention to the fact that mine was different). My mom had even sewn little blankets and pillows with matching fabric for our dolls. We were all in love. I had no idea I had a fake one, and my parents were high-fiving.
I named my doll Kelly, and she quickly became my right-hand gal. We did everything together. I started telling wild stories about things Kelly and I did together. We saw a tiger in the backyard! We went to the mall just the two of us!
Kelly was so loved, however, that the threads holding her head on began to wear out. Apparently I was heavy on the head-hugging. Without the security of high-quality machine stitching, her head eventually fell off completely. OH. THE. HORROR.
Fortunately, my mom sewed it back on. Only to have it fall off again. So she attached it again. Repeatedly.
Kelly losing her head became a key feature of my childhood. The worst part was every time her head fell off, my sisters would set it on their shoulders and sing, “Put your head on my shoullllderrrr.” It would send me into a RAGE. My sisters can still laugh to tears talking about it. Poor Kelly!
But here’s the kicker: I still have Kelly. My kids play with her. Sure, she still pops seams. I resewed her shoulder recently (surgery went well, thanks for asking), and I texted my mom a picture. She made a joke about “Put Your Head on My Shoulder” (et tu, Brute?), but then said, “You sure loved that doll. I bet none of your other sisters still have their doll.”
And she’s right. None of them still have theirs. My cheap, fake Cabbage Patch Kid outlasted and outloved the real ones.
When it comes to gift-giving, we put pressure on ourselves to make things perfect. Marketers feed into that. They create crazes and the feeling of scarcity. Especially after such a rough year, we all want to feel some holiday magic. But the reality is there is nothing I can buy for Christmas that will heal the mental pain of this pandemic. And there’s no amount of money that will create the elusive perfect Christmas.
But I think there’s a lesson with this faux Cabbage Patch Kid. Showing people you thought about them and care about them? That matters. Staying under budget and not stressing yourself out matters. As much as your kid wants a crazy expensive or impossible-to-find toy, they want your calm even more.
Let’s not lose our heads this Christmas season. (Sorry, Kelly… I couldn’t resist.)
budgetschristmasholiday shopping
Dec 10, 2020
|
13 comments
Lions, Tigers and Bears…oh my!
by Hope
Or rather taxes, insurance and decisions, oh my! I have decided to move forward in with the new job offer and return to the corporate world. I have spent hours upon hours looking at it from every angle, wanting to make a wise decision for the long term.
My research has included direct conversations with my current contract employer and soon to be corporate job employer. I have mandated getting things in writing. And I have scoured the internet for reviews on this company and financial implications of this new financial arrangement.
Your encouragement on my last post was truly appreciated but even moreso, the suggestions…like what about a “work from home” stipend and so on. As of last night, they are moving forward on beginning the processes and the paperwork. We agreed on a transition period for me to complete existing projects or give existing clients time to find a replacement. But I will not send out notice until I have a deal in hand.
New Tax Bracket
It’s been a very new feeling for me to be so “woo’d” by a company. Working for them on a contract basis for last almost 5 months has given both me and them a very good view of each other. Needless to say they have been pleased and I really enjoy the work, the autonomy and the team I will be working with (same one I am working with now.) From the upper management to the people on my team, they have all expressed a desire to have me stay past our initial December end date. And that it’s really going to happen is, well, really flattering.
We did a brief but mostly, straightforward salary negotiation. I knew the salary range of others they were interviewing, but knew my skill set and experience was far advanced. I made a request higher than I expected and then we ended up at what I had in my mind as my bottom line.
The financial implications are more than my brain can handle right now…we are definitely moving to a new tax bracket. And all I can focus on is staying wise in my decisions, not inflating our lifestyle and PAYING OFF DEBT.
Transition Plan
I’m really grateful for the delay in the change…it’s going to give me time to wrap my head around everything, make wise tax decisions and have a solid plan before I get my first paycheck.
The plan now is that I will go part time with them beginning January 1, at my new salary but on an hourly basis. Once I am confident my clients are taken care of and then I will transition to full time. It truly is the best of both worlds and they have been very understanding of my desire to be fair to all my existing clients. I do not want to leave them hanging right at the new year.
I’ve got a lot more research to do on tax with-holdings, retirement savings and so on. And what do with my newly formed ROTH IRA. Can I have both a traditional 401K and a ROTH IRA. Can I contribute to them both? What is my max contribution? So many questions and frankly the resources I am finding via Google searches are not written for dummies. I need dummy proof advice. My thought is that I may need to consult an accountant to make sure I make wise and correct decisions.
1
2
3
…
1,637
Next »
Categories
:)
About Me
Banking
Book Club
Budget
Confessions
Couponing
Credit Cards
Debt
Emergency Fund
Food
Health
Holidays & Vacations
Home Ownership
Income
Insurance
Keeping Motivated
Kids & Money
Legal
Life Experiences
Loans
Making Money
Member Stories
Mistakes
Money & Relationships
Money Disagreements
Money Tips
Monthly Spending
Personal Finance
Pets
Reader Q&A
Real estate
Retirement
Saving Money
Spending Money
Student Loans
Successes
Taxes
Work
Our Advertisers Our thanks to the companies that have graciously agreed to fund Blogging Away Debt.
Great Investing, Simplified: Get Stock Advisor for Just $99/year!
Exclusive Promo Codes & Coupons from Coupons Plus Deals – Coupons Plus Deals is a leading and trusted online website dedicated to sharing and reviewing across a wide range of products and retailers.
Mypaperwriter.com – The best paper writing service for all your article needs.
Students – stop your struggle and visit Thesishelpers.com to get thesis help.
When there’s no time, Assignmentgeek.com will help with homework.
Accsmarket.com. Guerrilla marketing for your small business.
Looking to save money on your energy bills? Find a cheaper energy supplier with Utility Saving Expert
Debt Blogs & Resources
Debtors Anonymous
Free Money Finance
Jackiebeck.com
Saving Advice Forums
U of Tennessee Debt Repayment Plan Basics
Vertex 42s Debt Payoff Calculator
E-mail
Facebook
RSS