http://www.bonsaiforum.com/terms.asp
Skip to content
Bonsai Categories
Tools
Tools Sets
Tool Types
Flush Concave Cutters
Rounded Concave Cutters
Multi-Use Flush Cutters
Spherical Knob Cutters
Scissors
Splitters
Wire Cutters
Pliers
Hooks, Rakes, & Soil Picks
Tweezers
Carving Tools
Hand Saws
Sharpening Tools
Tool Sizes
Series 5 Tools
Series 7 Tools
Standard Issue Tools
Series 11 Tools
Tool Uses
Branch Cutting
Trimming
Refining
Wiring
Repotting
Branch Splitting
Carving/Jin
Sharpening & Maintenance
Reconditioned Tools
Tool Rolls
Tool Maintenance
Oil
Cleaner
Sharpening
Sharpening Services
Scissor Guards
Wire
Black Aluminum Bonsai Wire
Brown Aluminum Bonsai Wire
Copper Bonsai Wire
UltraAgg Soil
UltraAgg Data
UltraAgg Soil Types
Volcanic
Clay
Shale
Slate
Specialty
Organic
Mixes
Fertilizers
UltraAgg Soil By Size
Fines
#00 Screenblend
#10 Micro
#20 Mini
#30 Standard
#40 XL
UltraAgg Soil Mixes
UltraAgg Organic
One Quart
One Gallon
Five Gallons
UltraAgg Soil Samples
FL Local Pick Up
Bulk Soil
Containers
RootHogs
Pottery
New American Bonsai Pottery
Vintage American Bonsai Pottery
Vintage International Bonsai Pottery
Volcanic Rocks
BonsaiBags
RootMakers
Grow Containers
Nursery Containers
Round Nursery Containers
Round Training Containers
Tough Containers
Stands
Supplies
Scissor Guard
Oil / Cleaner
Sharpening
Drainage Screens
Tool Rolls
Scoops
Training Containers
Tool Pouches
Fertilizer
Moss
Wire Management
Gauge Cards
Burlap
Super Sack
Apron
Buckets
Bonsai Accents
Gear
Shirts
Hats
Stickers
Extras
Bonsai Books
Bulk Discounts
Services
Sharpening
Tool Engraving
Custom Pottery Chop
Awards
Gift Cards
Nav Menu 3
Nav Menu 4
Nav Menu 5
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
Terms and Conditions
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT:
Please read the followings terms and conditions carefully before using AmericanBonsai.com. All orders placed with American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co., AmericanBonsai.com, agree to all of the following terms and conditions in this store policy. All users of AmericanBonsai.com agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable laws. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
ORDERING:
Payment in US Dollars only
Orders can be placed online or over the phone
The shipping address MUST be on file with the credit card issuing bank
Florida residents are charged FL state sales tax
10% fee applies to any canceled order that hasn’t shipped
Prices posted on the website are subject to change without notice
Due to the nature of this industry, if a product is needed ASAP, please call to guarantee stock
Product images are for reference use only
Special order items may have a non-refundable deposit and cannot be returned
AmericanBonsai.com secure payment methods:
American Express
Visa
MasterCard
Discover
PayPal
US Postal Money Order
Western Union Money Transfer
Check / Money Order (10 day grace period)
Bank Wire Transfer
SHIPPING:
- FREE Shipping is for continental US orders only
- Orders with the FREE Shipping option are shipped the quickest, most cost efficient method
- FREE Shipping includes a delivery confirmation number but may not have a tracking number
- International, Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico, please use website function to receive an up to date shipping quote
- If there is a delay in shipping your order, you will be notified ASAP
- Orders ship via USPS, UPS, or FedEX
- UPS/FedEx will not deliver to a PO Box
INTERNATIONAL ORDERS:
- We ship worldwide. Please contact with any questions before placing an order.
RETURNS:
- All returns must be authorized before returning an order
- Email info@americanbonsai.com for complete return information and authorization
- American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. reserves the right to inspect the returned merchandise before issuing credit, items must be in new, unused condition
- Approved returns get 100% store credit or 20% return fee for all credit card refund returns
- Shipping charges are non-refundable
- We are not responsible for lost packages or damaged contents caused from customer's shipping procedures
- No returns on any product that has been used
- Returns must be filed within 3 days of receiving order
- Defective merchandise returns or warranty exchanges must be filed immediately
PRIVACY:
- All information submitted to AmericanBonsai.com is used solely for your online transaction and is not shared or sold to any outside party.
LEGAL NOTICE:
- By purchasing products from American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co., AmericanBonsai.com, you, the customer, waive all rights and understand that we cannot be held responsible for any legal circumstances you may come across involving these products.
COPYRIGHT:
- The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co.. Copyright 2018, American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co., ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. or purchasing American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. or to purchase American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co.. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
TRADEMARKS:
- All trademarks, service marks, and trade names of American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co..
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER:
- All products sold by American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co., AmericanBonsai.com, are brand new from the manufacturer unless otherwise stated. Most products carry our warranty, please see our Warranty page for more information. All sales are final. Take your time while working on your trees, tools are extremely sharp. We are not responsible for damage to trees or persons as of a result or misuse of products. The customer bears all risk when using tools. This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:
- American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS:
- In the event that a American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
ORDER TERMINATION:
- These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyright, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
EMAIL NOTICE:
- American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. may deliver notice to you by means of email, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co..
USE OF SITE:
- Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via email, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of persons, including a American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
PARTICIPATION DISCLAIMER:
- American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of another person or entity or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. in its sole discretion.
INDEMNIFICATION:
- You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS:
- In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co., American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, American Bonsai Tool & Supply Co. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on, not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).