http://www.ewon.com.au/page/customer-resources/help-paying-bills/pas-credits/
Home
Resources for customers
Help paying bills
Water Payment Assistance Scheme (PAS) credits
Water Payment Assistance Scheme (PAS) credits
The Water Payment Assistance Scheme (PAS) can help you if you are having difficulty paying your Hunter Water, Sydney Water or Shoalhaven Water bill. This scheme assists people experiencing financial hardship by providing credit to a water account.
Before you seek assistance
If you are having trouble paying your bill you should speak to your water company first. Water suppliers may be able to suggest a payment scheme or arrangement to assist you manage your bills (see customer assistance programs).
If you are unable to make arrangements with your supplier, contact a local community agency that offers this form of assistance and make an appointment.
Where can you get water credits?
Many community welfare organisations offer PAS. These include:
St Vincent de Paul Society
The Salvation Army
Anglicare
The Smith Family
Some community or neighbourhood centres.
If you can't find a PAS agency in your area, contact us for help.
Who can get water credits?
Anyone who is in financial hardship can apply for PAS assistance. The hardship may be caused by a range or combination of factors, including:
a loss of income
a very high water bill
an illness in the family
a family crisis
unexpected expenses or bills.
What about tenants?
Although the landlord is responsible for the water account, in many cases it is a condition of the lease for tenants to pay for the cost of water consumption. If you are responsible for this part of the water bill, you may be eligible for PAS.
Access to PAS for tenants is limited to $150 for water usage. As PAS cannot be used to put an account in credit, the landlord should not pay the entire bill in advance if you want to use PAS credit. As this is a private arrangement between you and your landlord or real estate agent, speak to them first if you are facing financial difficulty.
For detailed information, contact your water supplier. Further information on your rights and responsibilities as a tenant is available from Tenants NSW.
How does it work?
In most cases you will need to make an appointment with the agency over the telephone.
Take your water bill to the appointment and the agency will decide if they can assist you
The agency may also help you arrange a payment plan with your supplier for the remainder of the bill, or provide other assistance such as financial counselling.
Pay the vouchers on to your account at the post office or other outlet, remembering to bring along a recent bill with the barcode intact.
If not organised beforehand, call your water supplier to make an arrangement for the remainder of your bill.
If you are unable to make arrangements to pay the remainder, you can contact us for help.
Make a complaint
Call 1800 246 545
Get help with bills