https://www.mccormickprivacy.com/en-gb/schwartz
McCormick Privacy Policy Effective Date: 25 May, 2018
01 Introduction 02 Data We Collect 03 How and Why We Collect Your Data 04 Automated Processing 05 Cookies and Similar Technologies 06 Retaining Your Data 07 Sharing Data with Third Parties 08 Links to Third-Party Websites 09 Transferring Data Across Borders 10 Your Rights 11 Security 12 Children's Privacy 13 Changes to Our Privacy Notice 14 How to Contact Us McCormick Privacy Policy Effective Date: 25 May, 2018
Introduction Thank you for visiting the Schwartz™ website. This site is owned and operated by McCormick (UK) Ltd.
Our website serves as a place for our consumers to find exciting new ways to eat, cook, and share flavor and food ideas. We appreciate the trust you place in our products by bringing them into your home and as our part of our commitment to you, we will continue to work diligently to protect your personal data and keep you informed of our efforts.
This privacy notice is meant to help you understand:
The types of personal data we collect
How and why we collect and use your personal data
When, why and with whom we will share personal data; and
The rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data
This is important and we hope you will take the time to read it carefully.
Data We Collect This section tells you what information we collect from you when you use our services.
When You Register on Our Website
If this website provides an option to register for an account, we will collect the information you provide in order to create and maintain your account.
If you choose to sign up for our newsletter, we will collect your email address to communicate with you.
You may choose to provide us with this information; however, there is no obligation to do so and your choice will not affect your ability to use our website or services.
When You Shop With Us Online
If this website provides the ability to purchase products online, we will collect information about your online purchases (for example, what you have bought, when and where you bought it and how you paid for it).
When You Use Our Online Services
We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you use our online services, and this may include using cookies or similar technologies to collect your IP address and identify your browser or device.
We use these technologies to collect information about your online behavior on our websites, including which web pages you visit and what elements you click on.
We collect information about any devices you have used to access our website and services (including the make, model, operating system, IP address, browser type and mobile device identifiers).
For more information, please see the Cookies and Similar Technologies section below.
When You Contact Us or We Contact You
We collect information that you provide when you contact us about our website or services (for example, your name, email address and other contact details), including social media posts if you connect with us through that platform.
We collect details of the emails and other digital communications we send to you, and we collect information about whether you open them and whether you interact with our emails.
We may collect your feedback and contributions through surveys and questionnaires.
Third-Party Collection
We collect information about you and your use of the site from third parties like web hosting providers, data and analytics providers, social media platforms, and advertising services. The information we collect in this manner varies, based on the third party, and includes contact information, demographics and interests, information you make public on social media and other platforms, and information about the devices you use to access online services.
How and Why We Collect Your Data We collect information to maintain and operate our websites, provide you with the information and services you request, to communicate with you, to manage and improve our digital services, and to better understand your needs and interests so that we can provide you with personalized content and information about products and services that may be relevant to you. This section further explains how and why we use personal data. We may use information that does not constitute personal data under applicable laws for any purpose.
We collect information in order to:
Make Our Services Available to You and Process Transactions
Manage and administer the accounts you hold with us
Allow you access to new services we develop in the future
Process the orders you place with us online
Maintain the security of the website
Why do we do this?
We do this to meet our contractual obligations with you and to meet our business interests in providing quality and secure services to you and other consumers.
Manage and Improve Our Day-to-Day Operations
Manage and improve our website content, performance and mobile apps
Help develop and improve our products and services, brand growth, information technology systems, and the way we communicate with you
Learn how visitors use our digital services.
Conduct market research
Why do we do this?
Such processing is necessary to achieve our interests in expanding our business and making our services more usable and appealing for consumers.
Personalize Your Experiences
We analyze the information we collect, including your online activities, to better understand your interests.
Why do we do this?
We do this to improve the content and features we offer, which benefits you by making the site more usable and appealing. Learning about your interests helps us identify the communications and offers that you may be interested in, which helps us meet our interest in expanding our business by providing you with relevant information.
See the Communicate with You and Present You with Offers section below for more information.
Conduct Contests and Competitions
We use your personal data in fulfilling your requests to enter into contests or competitions, as well as to provide you with any further assistance in participating.
Why do we do this?
We do this to meet our contractual obligations with you and to meet our business interests in providing quality and secure services to you and other consumers.
Conduct Consumer Testing and Research
We use the information you provide when you participate in our consumer testing and research activities to learn about consumer trends.
Why do we do this?
We do this to meet our contractual obligations with you in regard to the testing and research and to inform our marketing strategies, which helps achieve our interests in expanding our business.
Communicate with You and Present You with Offers
Contact you about our services, by email or by responding to social media posts that you have directed at us.
Communicate with you about our products and services, including via advertising tailored to your interests either on the site or other digital platforms, including third-party platforms.
Invite you to take part in consumer surveys, questionnaires and other market research activities carried out by us.
Why do we do this?
We send marketing messages only when you have registered/consented to do so. In some situations, such as an order confirmation or a response to an inquiry you’ve made via our website, consent is not required and we will communicate accordingly. You can opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time.
Comply with Legal Obligations and Protect Rights
Why do we do this?
We process the information we collect to comply with our legal obligations and to protect our rights, your rights, and the rights of others, as this is necessary to maintain our business practice standards.
Automated Processing When we analyze the personal data we collect for advertising, marketing, security, and fraud prevention, we use automated processes to identify or predict potential risks or outcomes. For example, we may use the information you provide us and information about your online activities to infer your interests. We use those inferences to support automated decisions about the content, recommendations, and offers we present to you on our digital properties.
These automated processing activities will not, without human intervention, have legal or similar effects for you.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies, such as tags and pixels (“Cookies”), to personalize and improve your experience as you use our site, and to provide you with relevant online advertising, as addressed above. Please see our Cookies Policy for more information about our use of these technologies and the choices you may have.
Retaining Your Data We will retain your personal data for only as long as we have a relationship with you, as necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it is processed, and for a period after our relationship with you has ended. When deciding how long to keep your personal data after our relationship with you has ended, we take into account how long we need to retain the information to fulfill the purposes described above and to comply with our legal and record keeping obligations, including for tax purposes and for demonstrating compliance with applicable laws. We may also retain personal data to investigate or defend against potential legal claims in accordance with the limitation periods of countries where legal action may be brought.
Sharing Data with Third Parties This section explains how and why we share personal data with third parties. We share personal data:
With affiliates and service providers who we work with closely, or who work on our behalf, and have agreed to use the information solely in furtherance of our operations, including, but not limited to, service providers who help us manage our information activities (for example, order fulfillment, payment processing, statistical analyses, communications providers, mailing services), which is necessary to meet our legitimate interests in efficiently managing our business and for developing future business;
With business partners, such as ad networks who may deliver marketing communications, promotional materials, or advertisements that may be of interest to you, which is necessary to respond to your requests for information for communications from third parties, or is necessary to achieve our interests in managing our business and expanding our business opportunities;
With third parties when you engage in or interact with co-branded or co-sponsored content or activities, which is necessary to satisfy our contractual obligations to you or to achieve our legitimate interests in developing future business;
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, or to comply with government reporting obligations;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to achieve our interests in (a) protecting our rights, the integrity of the online services, or your safety or the safety of others, or (b) detecting, preventing, or responding to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our Terms of Use, violations of law, or other misuse of the online services;
To third parties to the extent reasonably necessary to proceed with the negotiation or completion of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets.
Additionally, we may share information with third parties that does not identify you (and cannot be combined with other information accessible to us to identify you) for any purpose.
Links to Third-Party Websites We may link to third-party websites and services that we do not operate and are outside of our control. We are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by other websites or other services. Please exercise caution and review the privacy statements applicable to the third-party websites and services you use.
Transferring Data Across Borders The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by companies operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our service providers. We have put in place appropriate safeguards to make sure your personal data remains adequately protected and is treated in accordance with this privacy notice. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place or to obtain a copy, please contact us using one of the methods described in the How to Contact Us section below.
Your Rights You may have additional rights regarding your personal data, subject to local law.
These include the right to:
access, rectify, or erase your personal data that we collect;
restrict or object to our use of your personal data;
receive your personal data in a usable electronic format and transmit it to a third party (also known as the right of data portability);
withdraw any consent you have given to uses of your personal data; and
lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority
We use reasonable efforts to process your requests or to notify you when your request is denied based on applicable laws, regulations, and other limitations. Should you wish to exercise these rights, please contact us using one of the methods described in the How to Contact Us section below.
Security We have implemented commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect the information that we collect or receive. From time to time, we review and consider updates for our security procedures. Please be aware that, despite our ongoing efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Children's Privacy We do not knowingly collect any personal data from children under the age of 16 without parental consent, unless permitted by law. If we learn that a child under the age of 16 has provided us with personal data, we will delete that information in accordance with applicable laws.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice We may modify this privacy notice from time to time. We will notify you of changes by posting changes here, or by other appropriate means. Any changes to the privacy notice will become effective when the updated privacy notice is posted on the website.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions concerning our privacy practices or if you wish to exercise your rights described here please contact:
Email: privacy@mccormick.com
Online Submission:Click here.
Copyright © 2018 McCormick & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.