http://www.maids.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to Main Content
GET A FREE ESTIMATE NOW1-800-843-6243
Find the nearest office
Request an estimate
GET A FREE ESTIMATE NOW1-800-843-6243
close
Find your local office
Don’t know the zip/postal code of your home?
Click here.
X
X
Get a Quote
Please enter your address and
your preferred cleaning frequency.
* Required Fields
Weekly
Every Other Week
Every Fourth Week
One-Time Clean
We respect your privacy. We never rent or sell your information.
Is your home address not found?
Click here to find your local office instead.
Back
* Required Fields
Cell
Home
Work
Other
-
+
Very Clean
Somewhat Clean
Average Clean
Mostly Dirty
Somewhat Dirty
I consent to receive text messages by or on behalf of The Maids.
Message and data rates apply. Text STOP to quit.
We Respect Your Privacy. Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed.
Back
Your email address has previous quotes attached to it.
Can we associate this new one with the previous ones? If not, then please
press Back and enter a different email address.
Back
Thank you for your interest in receiving an estimate for service from The Maids®.
Regrettably, The Maids does not have an office that services the
zip or postal code yet.
We are a franchise corporation, therefore, we rely on an individual(s) to have a desire to purchase
our opportunity in any certain area. If you are interested in learning more about the tremendous opportunity
of becoming a The Maids franchisee, please visit www.maids.com/franchise/.
If you feel you received this message in error, and The Maids has an office near your home, please call 1-800-843-6243
to speak with a The Maids representative. Our sales consultants will walk you through our cleaning process and provide
you with a price for a service that has been created to fit your specific needs.
Thank you.
Back
Oops...Is this Right?
We were unable to find an exact match for the address you provided.
The address below was the closest match we could find.
Please verify that this is the correct address.
If it is not, please use the back button and refine your address.
If you having trouble verifying your address,
please call us at 1-800-843-6243 for assistance.
Address
Just a moment while we prepare your options...
Find your local office.
Go
Maids Newsletter
Maids on Twitter
Maids on Facebook
Maids on Pinterest
Maids on Instagram
Get a Gift Certificate
Toggle navigation
Cleaning Services
One-Time Cleaning
Recurring Cleaning
Fall & Spring Cleaning
Moving Cleaning Services
Special Cleaning Services
Same Day Cleaning
Residential Cleaning
Healthy Cleaning
Small Business Cleaning
Housekeeping Cleaning
Carpet Cleaning
Window Cleaning
Holiday Cleaning
Apartment Cleaning
How It Works
22-Step Cleaning Process
FAQ
Satisfaction Guarantee
Our Company
Our History
Leadership
Blog
Cleaning Hacks
+
News
Kitchen
Bathroom
Living Room
Bedroom
Green Cleaning
For Kids
Organization & Declutter
Checklists, Charts & Schedules
General Housekeeping
Own A Franchise
About Us
Become a Franchisee
Franchise FAQ
News
Contact Us
Careers
Housekeeping Positions
Franchise Positions
Corporate Positions
Locations
Get a free estimate now.
1-800-843-6243
Get a free estimate now
1-800-843-6243
COOKIE POLICY
Find the nearest office
Request an estimate
Offices
Estimate
Or call: 1-800-843-6243
The Maids International Cookie Policy
Effective Date: December 31, 2019
We use cookies to make this site work properly, to personalize the user experience, and to help us improve the System. This Cookie Policy details the types of cookies we use, what we use cookies for, and your options with regard to our use of cookies.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a small data file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. Cookies also enable us to track and analyze user behavior in order to improve our System. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can choose to accept or decline certain types of cookies if you prefer. However, declining cookies may impact the functionality of the System and in some cases you may not be able to access the functions of the System. Blocking or declining cookies may also stop the System from saving your customized settings, such as login information and other preferences.
Types of Cookies We Use
• Session cookiesSession cookies are stored on the user’s hard drive temporarily and are deleted when the user ends the browsing session. We use session cookies for things like keepings items in a shopping cart while the user continues to browse. • Persistent cookiesPersistent cookies stay on the user’s hard drive until they expire, even after the browser is closed. We use persistent cookies for remembering things like login information, so users do not have to enter their password every time they visit the System. • Third-party cookiesThird party cookies are not installed directly by our System, but by third parties such as advertisers. Third party cookies are used to track advertising preferences from site to site, and to gather data about users’ browsing habits in order to improve the user experience.How We Use CookiesWe use cookies for a variety of reasons. The categories of purposes for which we use cookies include:• Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are required for the System to function. The information collected relates to operation of the System and enables us to provide you with basic System functionality. The only way to opt out of the use of these cookies is to not use the System, as the System will not function properly without them. • Analytical/Performance CookiesThese cookies collect information about your use of the System, including which pages you visit, and whether you experience any errors. These cookies do not collect any personally identifiable information. The information collected is only used to analyze how the System is being accessed and used in order for us to improve the System and your experience using it. • Functionality CookiesWe use these cookies to remember your choices, settings, or preferences from one visit to the next. The information stored by these cookies includes things like your country of origin, your language, and any changes you have made to customizable areas of the System.• Targeting CookiesThese cookies collect information designed to customize your experience on the System and other sites. These cookies record information about your visit to the System including links clicked and pages viewed in order to tailor marketing to your interests and measure the effectiveness of our marketing strategies. This information may also be shared with third parties for marketing purposes.
Cookies We Use (First-Party Cookies)
Name of Cookie: SizmekWhy We Use It: Targeting cookie, used for Ad Serving, Ad Targeting, Analytics/Measurement Expiration: 0-3 Months
Name of Cookie: DoubleClick Ad Exchange-BuyerWhy We Use It: Targeting cookie, used for Ad Serving, Ad Targeting, Analytics/Measurement, Content Customization, OptimizationExpiration: Undisclosed
Name of Cookie: QuantcastWhy We Use It: Targeting cookie, used for targeting to a user for advertising that has visited the website or interacted with a different advertisement in the pastExpiration: 12-18 Months
Name of Cookie: EmmaWhy We Use It: Targeting cookie, used for marketing integration and targeted campaign analytics or discrete methods to segment and expand consumer basesExpiration: Undisclosed
Name of Cookie: Facebook Custom AudienceWhy We Use It: Targeting cookie, used for advertising services.Expiration: Undisclosed
Name of Cookie: Google Tag ManagerWhy We Use It Analytical cookie used for tracking user behavior on the site.Expiration: 30 days
Name of Cookie: WistiaWhy We Use It: Analytical/performance cookie used for saving user’s video preferencesExpiration: 120 days
Name of Cookie: HotjarWhy We Use It: Analytical/performance cookie used for data aggregation, analysis and report creation to assess marketing effectiveness and/or business performance.Expiration: Undisclosed
Name of Cookie: Google AnalyticsWhy We Use It: Analytical/performance cookie used for tracking user behavior on the site. Expiration: 30 days
Name of Cookie: Pinterest Conversion TrackerWhy We Use It: Analytical/performance cookie used for Ad Serving, Ad Targeting, Analytics /Measurement, Content Customization, Cross Device Tracking, OptimizationExpiration:Undisclosed
Name of Cookie: Facebook ConnectWhy We Use It: Why We Use It: Ad Serving, Ad Targeting, Analytics /Measurement, Content Customization, Cross Device Tracking, OptimizationExpiration: Undisclosed
Name of Cookie: PinterestWhy We Use It: Ad Serving, Ad Targeting, Analytics /Measurement, Content Customization, Cross Device Tracking, OptimizationExpiration: Undisclosed
Name of Cookie: GoogleWhy We Use It: Data aggregation, analysis and report creation to assess marketing effectiveness and/or business performanceExpiration: Undisclosed
Name of Cookie: Mux, Inc.Why We Use It: Data Aggregation, Analysis And Report Creation To Assess Marketing Effectiveness And/Or Business PerformanceExpiration: As long as necessary to fulfill a business need or as required by law.
Third Party Cookies
Name of Cookie: Callrail/CallTrackWhy We Use It: Analytical cookie, used for tracking calls. Data collected includes Analytics, Browser Information, Cookie Data, Interaction DataExpiration: Indefinitely
Name of Cookie: ReachLocalWhy We Use It: Ad Targeting, Analytics /Measurement, Optimization Anonymous : Browser Information, Cookie Data , Date/Time, Hardware/Software Type, Interaction Data , Page Views , Serving Domains. Pseudonymous : Clickstream Data, IP Address, Search History Expiration: Undisclosed
Name of Cookie: BroadlyWhy We Use It: Targeting cookie used for chat/reviews.These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy PolicyExpiration: Undisclosed
Name of Cookie: Facebook Why We Use It: Targeting cookie used for remarketing (advertising The Maids products to you elsewhere on the internet). Data collected includes - Anonymous : Browser Information, Date/Time, Demographic Data, Hardware/Software Type, Interaction Data , Internet Service Provider, Page Views. Pseudonymous : IP Address, Location Based DataExpiration: UndisclosedName of Cookie: DistilleryWhy We Use It: Targeting cookie used for remarketing (advertising The Maids products to you elsewhere on the Internet)Expiration: UndisclosedWhere third parties use cookies on the System, we have no control over those cookies or the data collected. Please refer to the third-party sites’ privacy and cookie policies for more information about what is collected and how it is used.
Your Cookie Options
Most browsers allow you to control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. Some browsers will allow you to block all cookies, while others will allow you to set up rules about which cookies to accept from which site, depending on your preferences. If you do block cookies, however, you may experience some functionality issues and some services within the system may not work for you. Each browser manufacturer deals with user cookie options slightly differently. The following help pages are provided by browser manufacturers to provide additional information about managing cookies on their platform. Please see the links below for additional information about managing cookies on your browser. • Google Chrome (https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en)• Mozilla Firefox (https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences)• Internet Explorer (https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies)• Safari (https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac)
Changes to This Cookie Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Policy from time to time. Updates to the Cookie Policy will be posted to this site and the Policy will be updated with the date that it was last modified.
Contact Us
For further information about this Policy or our use of cookies, please contact us. The Maids International9394 W. Dodge Rd. Suite 140Omaha, NE 68114
Close