http://www.watchyourcar.org/security-and-privacy-policy/
Go
About
About the Authority
Board of Directors
ATPA Grantees
Employment Opportunities
Contact The Authority
News & Media
Press Releases
News Mentions
Annual Reports
Resources
Resources
Training
Training & Events
PACT
PACT
Security and Privacy PolicyPLEASE READ CAREFULLY. BY USING THIS SITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE TO THESE TERMS OF USE. If you do not agree with any of the below Terms of Use, do not use this site.
The Pennsylvania Automobile Theft Prevention Authority (ATPA) maintains this web site as a public service.
Matter You Submit to this Site
ATPA collects information from you in two ways:
Information Collected Automatically: Some information is collected from you automatically when you view ATPA pages and download information. This may include the type of browser, the date and time you accessed ATPA’s site, the pages you requested and visited, and the site you linked from to reach ATPA. ATPA uses this type of information to statistically measure site traffic and to improve the web site.
Information Voluntarily Submitted: Additional information may be collected from you if you opt-in or voluntarily provide it in order to:(1) Fulfill a request for on-line services
(2) Fulfill a request for brochure orders/ and or email us for more information.
Resale or Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
ATPA does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site, including our email lists.
Security
Any information you give to The Pennsylvania Automobile Theft Prevention Authority will be held with the reasonable precautions to safeguard information transmitted between visitors and the site and the information stored on our servers. Despite our efforts, however, we may be unable to prevent and shall not be responsible for unauthorized access to such information by third parties.
Other Sites Which May Be Linked to this Site
This site may contain links to other web sites outside of state government. If you link to another web site, you will leave this site and this Policy will not apply to your use of, and activities on, those other Web sites. The ATPA encourages you to read the legal notices posted on those other web sites, visitation to, and the data collection and use practices of, those web sites.
Changes to this Policy
ATPA reserves the right to change this Policy in order to address future developments of ATPA or changes in industry or legal issues. Depending on the nature of the change, we will either announce the change (1) on the home page of the Site, (2) provide such notice via e-mail to Members, customers and others who provide the ATPA with their e-mail address, or (3) take such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances. By continuing to use the Site following an announcement of any change, you will be deemed to have agreed to such change. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or in part, please do not continue using this site.