http://www.aztecafoods.com/privacy-policy/
Conditions of Use
TERMS OF USE
Please read carefully the terms of use of this web site. Your use of this site will indicate your acceptance of these terms. Do not use this site if you do not want to be bound by these terms. We may periodically change these terms so please review them as your continued use of this site signifies your acceptance of any changed items.
Except as expressly indicated otherwise, materials or other information found on this site or any other website owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by Azteca Foods, Inc. or any of its related, affiliated or subsidiary companies may not be copied, distributed, republished, uploaded, downloaded, posted, or transmitted in any way, without the prior written consent of Azteca Foods, Inc.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK
All materials on this site are protected as the copyrights, trade dress, trademarks and/or other intellectual properties owned by Azteca Foods, Inc., or its subsidiaries and affiliates, or by other parties that have licensed their material to us. All rights not expressly granted are reserved.
PERSONAL USE
You agree not to distribute, publish, transmit, modify, display, or create derivative works from or exploit the contents of this site in any way. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Azteca Foods, Inc. for any and all unauthorized uses you may make of any material on the site. You acknowledge the unauthorized use of the contents could cause irreparable harm to Azteca Foods, Inc. and that in the event of an unauthorized use Azteca Foods, Inc. shall be entitled to an injunction in addition to any other remedy available at law or in equity.
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without prior written permission from Azteca Foods, Inc.
SUBMISSIONS AND USE OF THIS SITE
You agree that you are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any submissions that you make, and that you will not submit material that are unlawful, defamatory, abusive, or obscene. You further agree not to submit anything to Azteca Foods, Inc. that may violate any rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights.
Azteca Foods, Inc. does not accept or consider unsolicited ideas. Please do not submit any ideas, materials, suggestions, or artwork via our websites or in writing.
By submitting your email for our newsletter or download, you consent to receive email communications including, but limited to, special offers, discounts, promotions, updates and that you are the authorized owner/user of that email address. Azteca collects your information so that we can better serve you and provide you with benefits of receiving email communications. We will share your information with employees and partners associated with Azteca Foods. We will not sell your information to third parties You have the right to unsubscribe at any time.
PRIVACY
Azteca Foods, Inc. commitment is to respect and protect your privacy.
As your privacy is extremely important to us, we take care in providing secure transmissions of your information over the internet. Unfortunately, no transmission of data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
In order to provide service to you, we may send you communications related to your transactions, security, or the administration of this website. We may also send you other messages related to updates regarding our products and promotions or other activities. If you do not wish to receive non-transactional/security related communications from Azteca Foods, Inc. please contact us in writing at:
Azteca Foods, Inc.
5005 S. Nagle
Chicago, IL 60638
or by email at info@aztecafoods.com
DISCLAIMER
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED OTHERWISE, THE CONTENT OF THIS SITE IS OFFERED ON AN ‘AS IS’ BASIS, AND ‘AS AVAILABLE’ BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. AZTECA FOODS, INC. MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THIS SITE, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States of America.