https://www.blueforest.com/privacy-policy/
Last updated on 02/04/2018
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Blue Forest (UK) Ltd values everyone who engages with us by whatever means, and we do all we can to protect your privacy and to make sure the personal data you provide us is kept safe.
This policy explains how we collect data, how we use and store information and what it means for you. We also have specific Terms and Conditions for the use of our website, which you should read as well.
We welcome any feedback. Just call us on 01892 750090 or email info@blueforest.com
Who we are
Blue Forest (UK) Ltd is an award-winning company that specialises in the design and construction of luxury tree houses and unique sustainable buildings. We are a limited company registered in the UK. Our company number is 06906903 and our registered office is at The Studio, Bensfield Farm, Beech Hill, Wadhurst, East Sussex, TN5 6JR, UK.
For the purposes of this Policy, ‘us’, ‘we’ and ‘our’ refer to Blue Forest (UK) Ltd.
What information do we collect? Directly with us
We collect personal information each time you deal with us; for example, when you make an enquiry, request information, sign up for an event, provide comments, complete surveys or otherwise provide your personal details we collect the information you provide.
From website interaction with us
We collect non-personal data such as IP addresses, details of pages visited and files downloaded. Website usage information is collected using cookies, please see the section on Cookies below.
From e-mail tracking
When we send e-mails to contacts we may track behaviour such as who opened the e-mails and who clicked the links. This allows us to measure the performance of our e-mail campaigns and to improve our features for specific segments. To do this, we include single pixel gifs, also called web beacons, in e-mails we send. Web beacons allow us to collect information about when you open the e-mail, your IP address, your browser or e-mail client type, and other similar details. Reports are also available to us when we send e-mails to you, so we may collect and review that information.
Where you give your permission to other organisations
We may collect information that you make available on, for example, Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn or
similar organisations. You may wish to check their privacy policy to find out more information on how they will process your data.
From publicly available data
We may collect information from Companies House, Charity Commission and information published in articles, newspapers or blogs.
What do we do with it? Processing of requests/calls to action
We may use the personal data we collect to:
Keep you up to date on news and stories about our work;
Provide information, for example brochures / case studies you have requested;
Provide our services;
Keep records of your relationship with us e.g. questions you have asked or complaints you have made;
Analyse the personal information we collect about you and use publicly available information to inform our sales and marketing activities. For example, improve our understanding of our clients, profile contacts into categories and to help provide the right information at the right time to the right contacts; and
Conduct market research to aid our understanding of our clients and their views.
We may use publicly available information such as newspaper articles, or information you have given permission to other organisations to share such as LinkedIn, to identify clients and new leads.
If you undertake to use our services, you will be given an account manager who will discuss and agree with you any sensitivities you may have about the personal data we hold and the methods of contact suitable for you. We will do this at the earliest convenient opportunity. Where you do not wish to pursue such a relationship with us, we will not retain any additional publicly sourced personal data about you we have used for this purpose.
Basis of processing your data
Consent: If you are a new contact coming on board for the first time, on or after 20th December 2010, we will process your personal data on the basis of the consent you provided us with. You are free to change your preferences at any time by contacting us by telephone, post or e-mail as shown in the section ‘Your choices and telling us when things change’ below.
Legitimate interest: Contacting you; If you are an existing contact as at 20th December 2010 we may continue to contact you by e-mail where you have previously given us your consent. We may also contact you by post or telephone where we have a legitimate interest to do so. For example, where you have previously made an enquiry to Blue Forest we may continue to send you information about our work. Where you have previously asked us not to contact you in this way we will continue to respect your contact preferences. You can change your preferences at any time or object to us processing your data by contacting us by telephone, post or e-mail as shown in the section ‘Your choices and telling us when things change’ below.
Legitimate interest: Contacting the right contacts at the right time; When you express an interest in our work, or show a potential to purchase our services, we will rely on our legitimate interest in order to collect additional information as noted above in ‘Processing of requests/calls to action’. This helps us to identify those contacts who would benefit from an initial discussion with an account manager and to ensure we are able to provide a high level of customer service.
Applying for a job or undertaking work experience with us
Where you provide personal data and sensitive personal data when applying for a job with us, such as the information on your CV we will process, store and disclose the personal data we collect to:
Support the recruitment process;
Enable you to submit your CV and apply for jobs of interest to you;
Answer any questions you may have;
Use third parties to provide services such as references, qualifications, criminal referencing, checking services, verification of information you have provided, health screening and psychometric evaluation or skills tests;
How and where we store your information How long?
We will keep your personal information only for as long as we consider it necessary to carry out each activity.
We have a data retention policy to implement this. We take account of legal obligations and accounting and tax considerations as well as considering what would be reasonable for the activity concerned.
For example, we will retain details of customers for a minimum of 7 years from the completion of their contract to meet tax and accounting requirements, but we will only hold sensitive personal information provided to participate in work experience until the period of work is completed.
If you have any questions about our Data Retention Policy, please contact us in writing at:
Data Protection Officer
Blue Forest (UK) Ltd, The Studio, Bensfield Farm, Beech Hill, Wadhurst, East Sussex, TN5 6JR
Or email to: info@blueforest.com
Security
We ensure that we have in place appropriate technical controls in place to protect any personal data you provide. For example, we ensure that any online forms are encrypted and our network is protected and routinely monitored.
We ensure that access to personal data is restricted only to those staff members whose job roles require such access and that suitable training is provided for these staff members.
We may make use from time to time of external companies to collect or process personal data on our behalf. When we do so, we carry out checks on these companies, put in place contracts to make sure our requirements are clear, and carry out periodic reviews. When we do use external companies, we remain responsible for the storing and processing of your personal data.
However, we need to remind you that despite all our efforts, the internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and that you submit data at your own risk.
Where we store your personal information
We use third party cloud based systems to process data and therefore data may be processed outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). We take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is stored and processed securely in accordance with this policy. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing of your information.
Should you travel overseas with us, we may share personal information with partners who deliver our work in overseas locations. For example, this may include sensitive personal data such as medical information. When we do so we will make you aware of the data being transferred and seek your consent to do so.
When we share your information
In line with our ethos we do not share or swap your information with any other businesses unless necessary for the delivery of our services.
Legal duty
We may need to pass on information if required by law or by a regulatory body. For example, if asked for details by HMRC or a law enforcement agency.
Our service providers and third parties
We regularly employ consultant and sub-contractors to carry out tasks on our behalf, such as structural engineering or carpentry contractors. These businesses are bound by contract to protect your data and we remain responsible for their actions.
We may provide third parties with general information about users of our website, but this information is both aggregate and anonymous. However, we may use IP address information to identify a user if we feel that there are or may be safety and/or security issues or to comply with legal requirements.
Photos of our work
We reserve the right in our terms & conditions to use photographs taken on the premises during and after construction in our marketing activity. In doing so we will not disclose your name or address without your written permission.
Cookies What are Cookies?
We collect data using cookies. A cookie is a text file that is sent from our website as soon as you visit the site. It is stored on your computer’s hard drive and helps us to identify your computer (not you) and collects information in an aggregate, anonymous way.
Cookies may be used to collect information about your visit to our website, for example, traffic data, location data, device information, the date and time of your visit and the pages that you visit.
The use of cookies is an industry standard for most major websites. You can find more information about cookies by follow these two links.
Blue Forest’s use of cookies on our website
To enjoy the Blue Forest website to the full, we recommend that you leave cookies turned on. If you turn off cookies, then you may not be able to enter parts of the site.
The cookie data that we collect may be used to:
customise the content on our website and to help to understand visitor’s current and future needs
process any requests or enquiries you may make
aid administration and analysis
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to turn off the cookie function. To do this you can look at the help function on your browser.
Third party cookies
Blue Forest (UK) Ltd works with a number of third party suppliers who set cookies on our website to enable them to provide us with services. These are mainly used for reporting and advertising purposes so we can improve the way we communicate.
We use websites such as YouTube to embed videos and you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party website for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Blue Forest also uses third party suppliers such as Facebook, Mailchimp, Google AdWords and Google Analytics and these providers may use cookies. They may also use tracking pixels, which are commonly found in advertising to track the effectiveness of adverts.
As some of these services may be based outside of the UK and the European Union, they may not fall under the jurisdiction of UK courts. If you are concerned about this, you can change your cookie settings (see above) and can find more information about this here.
Your choices and telling ss when things change Preferences
You can change your preferences on what you receive from us, including marketing and fundraising materials, or how we contact you, by mail, phone or email, at any time.
You can do so by:
Calling us on: 01892 750090
Email us on: info@blueforest.com
Write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
Blue Forest (UK) Ltd
The Studio
Bensfield Farm
Beech Hill
Wadhurst
East Sussex
TN5 6JR
Updating your details
We do appreciate it if you keep your details up to date. You can do so in the same way as updating your preferences (above).
We may use Post Office address search, postcode lists or other available sources to confirm data that you provide us with, where, for example, we are unsure of what you have completed on a form.
We will not use these sources to create data that you have chosen not to provide, for example, if you have left a telephone number blank; nor will we automatically update changes of address, we will normally only update your address when you tell us it’s changed.
Telling us to stop processing
You have the right to ask us to erase your personal data, to ask us to restrict our processing or to object to our processing of your personal data. You can do so at any time by writing to us at:
Data Protection Officer
Blue Forest (UK) Ltd
The Studio
Bensfield Farm
Beech Hill
Wadhurst
East Sussex
TN5 6JR
Access to your information Your rights under DPA 1998
You have the right to request details of the information we hold about you. To receive a copy of the personal information we hold please write to our Data Protection Officer at the address given below. We will respond within 14 days of receiving your letter.
For more information about your rights under the Data Protection Act you can visit the website of the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Changes to Blue Forest (UK) Privacy & Security Policy Changes to this Policy
This policy was last updated in April 2018. We may amend this policy from time to time to take account of changes to our processes or changes to data protection or other legislation. If we make any significant changes to this policy, we will show this clearly on our website or by writing to you directly. By continuing to use our website you will be deemed to have accepted these changes.
Feedback
We welcome feedback or questions on this policy or on any of our actions by:
Calling us on: 01892 750090
Email us on: info@blueforest.com
Write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
Blue Forest (UK) Ltd
The Studio
Bensfield Farm
Beech Hill
Wadhurst
East Sussex
TN5 6JR
This website uses tracking cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all tracking cookies in accordance with our Data Protection Policy.
Accept