http://www.santafebotanicalgarden.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policysfbotanical2018-05-14T16:01:49-06:00
Santa Fe Botanical Garden (SFBG) is committed to the protection of the privacy of its website visitors, members and donors.  We respect your privacy and your choice not to have your personal information shared with other people. Your use of our website (www.santafebotanicalgarden.org) indicates your consent of the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
Personal information includes your first/middle initial or name, last name, street address, and mailing address if different, town or city, state, zip code, telephone number, email addresses, credit card information, billing information, and any other information you may provide here.
We will collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit the website unless you choose to provide that information.  To make our website more useful to you, our server only collects information when you visit our site, such as, but not limited to, your IP address, date and time of your visit, pages viewed and clickstreams. We will not collect or track information that may identify you personally.
SFBG only collects any type of personally identifying information to the extent that it serves our legitimate business purposes, and SFBG will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information.  Consistent with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), information collected from children under the age of 13 is only done following the consent of a parent or guardian and such information will not be shared to any third party for any purpose.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information that a server can place in a browser to later identify the browser. The primary purpose of a cookie is to save you time. When you visit our site, we may send one or more cookies to uniquely identify your browser, which allows us to enhance and personalize your online experience on the website. Cookies, by themselves, do not provide us with any personally-identifying information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept them. When used with an online shopping system, a cookie allows the server to identify the user and keep track of what has been ordered. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
Email Communications
We provide free Constant Contact electronic newsletter (“Clippings”) to voluntary subscribers. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter that points users to the subscription management page. The information collected here is used solely for the purpose of the newsletter.  We do not sell, rent or share your email information with anyone.
Changes to Privacy Policy
SFBG reserves the right to change the policy from time to time in accordance with the legal requirements.  If SFBG does decide to change its policy on privacy, such changes will be posted on this website.  Please check back periodically to ensure that you have the most current policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Mail:
Santa Fe Botanical Garden
Post Office Box 23343
Santa Fe NM 87502-3343
Phone: 505.471.9103 | email: info@santafebotanicalgarden.org
Our Mission The Santa Fe Botanical Garden celebrates, cultivates and conserves the rich botanical heritage and biodiversity of our region.
In partnership with nature, we demonstrate our commitment through education, community service, presentation of the arts, and the sustainable management of our nature preserve and public garden.
Plant of the MonthDECEMBER: Christmas, Thanksgiving, Easter cactus : Schlumbergera speciesDecember 1, 2020NOVEMBER : Bosnian pine : Pinus heldreichiiOctober 29, 2020OCTOBER : tufted evening primrose : Oenothera cespitosaOctober 1, 2020SEPTEMBER : swainsonpea: Sphaerophysa salsulaSeptember 1, 2020AUGUST : Origin of Roses in New Mexico : Rosa speciesAugust 1, 2020JULY : honeysuckle : Lonicera japonicaJuly 1, 2020JUNE : Pear species and cultivars : genus PyrusJune 1, 2020MAY : James’ beardtongue : Penstemon jamesiiMay 1, 2020
site by Jentech
FacebookTwitterYouTubeInstagramEmail
Go to Top