https://www.whats4eats.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Search form
Search
Main menu
Regions
Holidays
Courses
Seasons
Methods
Lifestyles
Blogs
Shop
Home
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Whats4eats.com. Our postal address is:
4994 400th Street, SE
Iowa City, IA 52240
We can be reached via e-mail through our contact page, or you can reach us by telephone at 415-519-7205.
Unregistered Visitors
For unregistered visitors to the Website, our server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain type and IP address. No other personal information or email addresses are collected. We also collect the IP address of those who post comments on web pages, subscribe to newsletters or who contact us via email. We also collect any information volunteered by the consumer, such as email addresses and survey information. Any information we collect is used only for internal purposes to improve the content of our Website. Your information will never be shared with or sold to outside entities.
Registered Users
For registered users we collect domain name, IP address, e-mail address and any other personal information offered as part of your profile. For instance, you may provide certain demographic information about yourself (e.g., age, gender, preferences, usage frequency, etc.) when creating your profile, participating in a survey or poll or joining a group. Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone (e.g., your age), but may become so when combined with other information (e.g., your age and name). Whether or not you provide this information is your choice.
Commenting
When you provide a comment on the Website, your comment will be entered through a commenting platform provided by Disqus, Inc. (“Disqus”), a third-party commenting platform. You will need to register through Disqus to comment on an article through the Website and all comments entered onto the Website are subject to this Privacy Policy as well as the Disqus terms of use and privacy policy. You should familiarize yourself with the Disqus terms of use of privacy policy. The Disqus terms of use is found at: https://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466260-terms-of-service. The Disqus privacy policy is found at: https://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466259-privacy-policy.
Advertisers
To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Website. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of www.amazon.com and www.google.com.
Whats4eats.com uses Google AdWords Remarketing to place 3rd-party cookies in order to show you ads across the internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (GCN), based on your browsing history.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system. To opt-out, please visit Google's Ad Settings.
User information may be disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website, or to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting the Website.
Changes to Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Website to notify you of these changes. We will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Website periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g., name, email, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. If you need to update or correct your information, please do so at your user profile page, or email us through our contact page.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us through our contact page or at the above address or phone number.
What are you craving?
- Choose a Cuisine -
Afghanistan
Algeria
Argentina
Australia
Bolivia
Brazil
Canada
Caribbean Islands
Chile
China
Cuba
Czechia
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
England
Ethiopia
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Iran
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Kenya
Korea
Lebanon
Malaysia
Mali
Mexico
Morocco
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Pakistan
Palestine
Papua New Guinea
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Puerto Rico
Russia
Samoa
Senegal
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Tahiti
Thailand
Turkey
Turkmenistan
United States
Uzbekistan
Venezuela
Vietnam
Featured on Whats4eats
Here Come the Holidays!
Hanukkah Treats
Begin Your Holiday Baking
Favorites of New England
Popular on Whats4eats
5 Basic Batters for Deep Fried Fish and Seafood
How to Soak and Use Rice Noodles
Christmas: Recipes and Traditions
Kabuli Pulao
Adobong Manok
Pancit Bihon
Professional Drupal 7 Themes and Templates by NeptuneThemes.com