http://www.ewon.com.au/page/customer-resources/help-paying-bills
Home
Resources for customers
Help paying bills
Help paying bills
Rebates, counselling and other resources to help you with paying energy and water bills. Providers are also currently offering additional support to customers affected by COVID-19.
Energy Accounts Payment Assistance (EAPA) vouchers
Energy Accounts Payment Assistance (EAPA) is a NSW Government Scheme designed to help people who are having trouble paying their home electricity and/or gas bill because of a crisis or emergency situation. The Scheme helps people in these situations to stay connected.
EAPA vouchers are sent electronically to your energy retailer and used to credit your home electricity or gas account.
You can apply for EAPA online through Service NSW or call 13 77 88. You can also apply through an approved EAPA provider (PDF 500KB) - these are community organisations so may be able to offer you additional support.
Before you seek assistance
If you are having trouble paying your bill, speak to your energy company first. All energy retailers in NSW have programs to help customers in financial difficulty manage their bills more effectively.
If you are unable to make arrangements with your supplier, contact Service NSW or an approved EAPA provider (PDF 500KB).If you can't get an appointment right away, let your supplier know you made an appointment for EAPA assessment. Your supplier is not allowed to disconnect you if they  know you have an appointment booked for an EAPA assessment.
Where can you get EAPA?
EAPA vouchers are available through Service NSW and also through a number of community welfare organisations. These include:
The Salvation Army
Anglicare
Lifeline
some migrant resource centres
some community or neighbourhood centres
some indigenous community services.
Download a list of community welfare agencies that distribute EAPA. If you can't locate an agency in your area, contact us for help.
Who can get EAPA?
If you are in financial hardship due to a crisis or emergency situation you can apply for EAPA voucher assistance. This hardship may be caused by a range or combination of factors, including:
a loss of income
a very high electricity/gas bill
an illness in the family
a family crisis
unexpected expenses or bills.
You will need to meet the criteria to be eligible.
How does it work?
Apply online via Service NSW or make an appointment with an EAPA provider by phone
Let your energy provider know you have made an appointment for EAPA assessment
Take your electricity or natural gas bill to the appointment and the agency will assess whether you are eligible for EAPA vouchers and, if so, how many.
The vouchers will be submitted electronically straight to the provider and they should be paid into your account within five business days
If you apply through an agency they may also help you arrange a payment plan with your provider for the remainder of the bill, or provide other assistance such as financial counselling
If not organised beforehand, call your energy provider to make an arrangement for the remainder of your bill
If you are unable to make arrangements to pay the remainder, you can contact us for help.
Other rebates and concessions
There are a number of other rebates and concessions available to energy and water customers.
Water Payment Assistance Scheme (PAS) credits
The Water Payment Assistance Scheme (PAS) can help you if you are having difficulty paying your Hunter Water, Sydney Water or Shoalhaven Water bill. This scheme assists people experiencing financial hardship by providing credit to a water account.
Before you seek assistance
If you are having trouble paying your bill you should speak to your water company first. Water suppliers may be able to suggest a payment scheme or arrangement to assist you manage your bills (see customer assistance programs).
If you are unable to make arrangements with your supplier, contact a local community agency that offers this form of assistance and make an appointment.
Where can you get water credits?
Many community welfare organisations offer PAS. These include:
St Vincent de Paul Society
The Salvation Army
Anglicare
The Smith Family
Some community or neighbourhood centres.
If you can't find a PAS agency in your area, contact us for help.
Who can get water credits?
Anyone who is in financial hardship can apply for PAS assistance. The hardship may be caused by a range or combination of factors, including:
a loss of income
a very high water bill
an illness in the family
a family crisis
unexpected expenses or bills.
What about tenants?
Although the landlord is responsible for the water account, in many cases it is a condition of the lease for tenants to pay for the cost of water consumption. If you are responsible for this part of the water bill, you may be eligible for PAS.
Access to PAS for tenants is limited to $150 for water usage. As PAS cannot be used to put an account in credit, the landlord should not pay the entire bill in advance if you want to use PAS credit. As this is a private arrangement between you and your landlord or real estate agent, speak to them first if you are facing financial difficulty.
For detailed information, contact your water supplier. Further information on your rights and responsibilities as a tenant is available from Tenants NSW.
How does it work?
In most cases you will need to make an appointment with the agency over the telephone.
Take your water bill to the appointment and the agency will decide if they can assist you
The agency may also help you arrange a payment plan with your supplier for the remainder of the bill, or provide other assistance such as financial counselling.
Pay the vouchers on to your account at the post office or other outlet, remembering to bring along a recent bill with the barcode intact.
If not organised beforehand, call your water supplier to make an arrangement for the remainder of your bill.
If you are unable to make arrangements to pay the remainder, you can contact us for help.
Financial counselling
A financial counsellor can help if you are having trouble making payments on your energy or water accounts, or negotiating an affordable payment plan with your supplier.
Financial counsellors provide a free community service and they work in community organisations that assist consumers who are experiencing financial problems.
A financial counsellor can negotiate or advocate on your behalf, and they can develop a budget which can help you manage your finances and stay on top of your bills. A report from a financial counsellor can help show what you can afford to pay towards a energy or water debt.
Find a financial counsellor in your area.
No Interest Loan Scheme NILS assistance
The No Interest Loan Scheme (NILS) helps low income households to purchase or replace essential household items.
Loans are available for up to $1,500 for essential goods and services such as fridges, washing machines and medical procedures. As loans are repaid over 12-18 months, the money is 'recycled' and lent out again to other people in the community.
There are number of community agencies in NSW that operate NILS schemes. Find one near you on the NILS website or phone 13 64 57.
Visit the NILS website.
Rebates and assistance
There are a range of rebates and concessions available to energy and water customers. Read more to find which you may be eligible for.
NSW Government Rebates
The NSW Government funds a number of rebate programs for electricity and gas customers, including:
NSW Family Energy Rebate
Low Income Household Rebate
NSW Gas Rebate
Life Support Rebate
Medical Energy Rebate
Seniors Energy Rebate.
You can also apply for all NSW rebates except the Family Energy Rebate through your electricity supplier.
The NSW Government also fund the Energy Accounts Payment Assistance (EAPA) program.
Important things to note:
You may need to reapply for these rebates periodically.
Generally, the energy, life support and medical rebates are not backdated.
If your household is registered as using a life support system, you cannot be disconnected.
If you move address or switch retailers, make sure that the rebate has been applied to your new account.
The Family Energy and Low Income Household rebates are available to long-term residents in caravan or residential parks.
The NSW Social Programs for Energy Code outlines that if you’re a new customer, your provider should ask if you are eligible for rebates at the time you open an account. If you become eligible for a rebate after you’ve opened an account, you should contact your retailer and provide them with your Centrelink or Veterans’ Affair number.
If you are a rebate participant, your retailer should help you identify the most appropriate market offer available.
If you are not satisfied with how your supplier has applied your rebate, contact us for help.
Federal Government Payments and Allowances
Utilities Allowance
The Utilities Allowance is a Federal Government quarterly payment to help with household bills. It is available to people who are on the Disability Support Pension and under 21 years of age with no dependent children, and those on the Partner Allowance or Widow Allowance. For more information contact Services Australia (formerly Human Services).
Essential Medical Equipment Payment
To be eligible for the Essential Medical Equipment Payment, Commonwealth Concession Card holders must provide proof that the specific equipment or heating/cooling is medically required. The rebate will be automatically paid each year once an application is accepted, so customers need to reapply if their personal circumstances change. Please note that this payment can be claimed for a wider range of equipment than is covered by the NSW State Government's Life Support and Medical Rebate schemes, including insulin pumps, electric wheelchairs and airbed vibrators. See if you're eligible here.
Water rebates
Some water suppliers (Sydney Water, Hunter Water, Shoalhaven Water) provide a range of rebates including pensioner rebates on water and sewerage charges. Sydney Water and Hunter Water also provide rebates to customers who use water in life-sustaining equipment such as kidney dialysis machines. Conditions vary so contact your water supplier for more information.
Changes to pension eligibility
The asset test for the pension changed on 1 January 2017, which mean some people are no longer be eligible for energy or water rebates. Read more to find out if the changes affect your rebate eligibility.
Where to get help
Credit and debt hotline
If you have unpaid bills and a debt collector (sometimes called a “mercantile agent”) contacts you, call the National Debt Helpline on 1800 007 007 for free advice or call EWON. For more information contact the Financial Rights Legal Centre.
Community welfare agencies
Community welfare agencies can help customers in financial difficulty by:
negotiating with your energy or water supplier about what you can afford to pay
referring you to a financial counsellor or other support services
Some agencies provide emergency financial assistance in the form of:
EAPA vouchers
PAS vouchers for water
food, clothing or furniture
Telstra vouchers
No Interest Loan Schemes (NILS)
No Interest Loan Schemes (NILS)
The No Interest Loan Schemes (NILS) program helps people on low-income by providing interest free loans for items such as new, energy efficient appliances. NILS is available through some community organisations. Contact community organisations in your local area to see if they offer NILS or contact NILS NSW on freecall 1800 509 994.
Tenancy advice services
If you are a tenant and need help sorting out a problem with your landlord about issues such as water accounts, electrical or plumbing repairs, or meter access, contact Tenants NSW for free advice and assistance.
Legal advice
A community legal centre may be able to help you with free advice. Community legal centres are independent, non-profit community organisations providing free legal advice, information and referrals for individuals and communities across New South Wales. Some centres provide legal advice over the phone, or hold interview and advice sessions after business hours. For further information contact the Community Legal Centres NSW.
Customer assistance programs
Electricity and gas suppliers
In New South Wales, electricity and gas retailers are required by law to have a published hardship charter and to operate a customer assistance program. Providers are also offering additional support to customers affected by COVID-19.
Retailers may have slightly different eligibility criteria for their programs. However when a customer is part of their assistance program, they are protected from disconnection and a tailored payment arrangement is developed to help them manage their account.
Differences between the hardship programs of retailers can include the types of incentives the retailer offers customers for making regular payments (eg waiving fees, making co-payments).
According to the Electricity Supply (General) Regulation 2001 (Clause 13AA) and the Gas Supply (Natural Gas Retail Competition) Regulation 2001 a customer hardship charter must contain the following:
processes to identify hardship customers, including identification by the supplier and self-identification by the customer
processes for the early response by the supplier for hardship customers so identified
flexible payment options (including the payment plan operated in accordance with Clause 13A  for the payment of amounts to the supplier by hardship customers
processes to identify appropriate government concession programs and appropriate financial counselling services and to notify hardship customers of those programs and services
an outline of a range of programs that the supplier may use to assist hardship customers
information, in community languages (including Arabic, Cantonese, Vietnamese, Italian, Greek and Spanish, and any other language approved by the supplier after consultation with any relevant customer consultative group), about the availability of interpreter services for the languages concerned and telephone numbers for the services.
From 2 October 2019, all energy retailers are obliged to implement new customer hardship policies that provide clearer and better assistance to customers experiencing financial difficulty. Read more on the Australian Energy Regulator (AER) website. From March 2020, all providers must also adhere to the AERs Statement of Expectations during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Make a complaint
Call 1800 246 545
Get help with bills