http://www.ewon.com.au/page/customer-resources/help-paying-bills/eapa-vouchers/
Home
Resources for customers
Help paying bills
Energy Accounts Payment Assistance (EAPA) vouchers
Energy Accounts Payment Assistance (EAPA) vouchers
Energy Accounts Payment Assistance (EAPA) is a NSW Government Scheme designed to help people who are having trouble paying their home electricity and/or gas bill because of a crisis or emergency situation. The Scheme helps people in these situations to stay connected.
EAPA vouchers are sent electronically to your energy retailer and used to credit your home electricity or gas account.
You can apply for EAPA online through Service NSW or call 13 77 88. You can also apply through an approved EAPA provider (PDF 500KB) - these are community organisations so may be able to offer you additional support.
Before you seek assistance
If you are having trouble paying your bill, speak to your energy company first. All energy retailers in NSW have programs to help customers in financial difficulty manage their bills more effectively.
If you are unable to make arrangements with your supplier, contact Service NSW or an approved EAPA provider (PDF 500KB).If you can't get an appointment right away, let your supplier know you made an appointment for EAPA assessment. Your supplier is not allowed to disconnect you if they  know you have an appointment booked for an EAPA assessment.
Where can you get EAPA?
EAPA vouchers are available through Service NSW and also through a number of community welfare organisations. These include:
The Salvation Army
Anglicare
Lifeline
some migrant resource centres
some community or neighbourhood centres
some indigenous community services.
Download a list of community welfare agencies that distribute EAPA. If you can't locate an agency in your area, contact us for help.
Who can get EAPA?
If you are in financial hardship due to a crisis or emergency situation you can apply for EAPA voucher assistance. This hardship may be caused by a range or combination of factors, including:
a loss of income
a very high electricity/gas bill
an illness in the family
a family crisis
unexpected expenses or bills.
You will need to meet the criteria to be eligible.
How does it work?
Apply online via Service NSW or make an appointment with an EAPA provider by phone
Let your energy provider know you have made an appointment for EAPA assessment
Take your electricity or natural gas bill to the appointment and the agency will assess whether you are eligible for EAPA vouchers and, if so, how many.
The vouchers will be submitted electronically straight to the provider and they should be paid into your account within five business days
If you apply through an agency they may also help you arrange a payment plan with your provider for the remainder of the bill, or provide other assistance such as financial counselling
If not organised beforehand, call your energy provider to make an arrangement for the remainder of your bill
If you are unable to make arrangements to pay the remainder, you can contact us for help.
Other rebates and concessions
There are a number of other rebates and concessions available to energy and water customers.
Make a complaint
Call 1800 246 545
Get help with bills
Help paying bills
Facing disconnection?
Help for community workers and advocates