https://www.vegan-nutritionista.com/privacy-policy.html
vegan-nutritionista.com
activism through delicious, healthy lifestyle
Menu
Home
WelcomeFree SubscriptionAsk a QuestionCommunity ForumSite Updates Blog
Why Vegan?Vegan FAQsBecoming VeganHow to Go VeganFactory FarmingVegan Junk FoodsFamous VegansVegan RestaurantsVegan Momma: Pregnancy & Kids
NutritionHow Do You Get Protein?Vegan Food PyramidNutrition TipsFruits and VegetablesMenusCooking TipsAquafaba
RecipesFree RecipesRaw Vegan RecipesBreakfast IdeasWhole Grain RecipesDessert RecipesVegan Cake RecipesCookie RecipesVegan HolidaysThanksgiving Recipes
My eBooksBeginner Vegan RecipesVegan Bread RecipesSpring & Summer Meal PlanFall & Winter Meal PlanChristmas CookiesGuide to Going VeganHow to Quit CheeseHow to Cook Beans & GrainsVegan Grocery List
ShopVitamix BlenderBerkey Water FilterThe Best Veg BooksDairy-Free CookiesLeather-Free ShoesEco-Friendly ClothesVegan Weddings
Site InfoSite ReviewsAdvertising PolicyMeet MeAbout MeSearch this SiteSite Map
FTC Disclosure: If you make a purchase through a link on this site, I may receive a small commission on the transaction - at no added cost to you. Thank you!
Privacy Policy
At Vegan-Nutritionista.com we are dedicated to protecting your data and privacy.We recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use Vegan-Nutritionista.com, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. This will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.Vegan-Nutritionista.com strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers' and online visitors' privacy on our website.
About Our Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that Vegan-Nutritionista.com stores on your computer, which your browser provides to Vegan-Nutritionista.com each time you return to the site. We use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their use of our website, and their website access preferences.
Google Analytics Cookies
Vegan-Nutritionista.com uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics collects demographic and interest data, and generates statistical and other information about website use, by means of cookies. These cookies are kept on your computer. We share this information with Google, which will store and use this information on its servers. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://policies.google.com/privacy.Vegan-Nutritionista.com uses information from Google Analytics to track the number of visits to the website, browsers and operating systems. No personally identifiable information is obtained from these cookies. We use the information that Google Analytics generates relating to our website to create reports about the use of the site. These reports allow us to update the site and improve your usage of it.If you do not wish your data to be collected via Google Analytics, you can install its opt-out browser extension or add-on here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Advertising Cookies
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our website. These companies use cookies and web beacons in their ads to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. We share this information with these companies, but do not provide them with any personally identifiable information for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information from our website.You may opt out of personalized ads for over 125 different ad networks. Click here to do that.Some third-party advertisements are served by Google. Google's cookie enables it to serve ads to our visitors based on their visits to other sites on the Web. You may opt out of personalized ads by visiting the Google ad opt-out page.This link from Google provides more information about how Google manages data in its ad products.
Affiliate Products and Services
We receive an affiliate commission for some of the products sold on Vegan-Nutritionista.com.The affiliate services platforms we use are Amazon, Commission Junction, Vegan Essentials, Living Libations, Ejunkie, and Vitamix.By clicking on a product or service link, you consent to that platform's use of cookies, as outlined in the links below.Amazon privacy policyCommission Junction privacy policyVeganEssentials privacy policyLiving Libations privacy policyVitamix privacy policyEjunkie privacy policy
Refusing Cookies
You can set your browser to accept or refuse all cookies automatically, or notify you when a cookie is being requested. Taking this action should not cause a problem with the continued use of our site. Consult the Help section of your browser for guidance on how to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is requested.If you choose to refuse Vegan-Nutritionista.com's cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
Personally Identifiable Information
Vegan-Nutritionista.com may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our site.
To display content on the site correctly.
To improve customer service.
To help us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize your user experience.
To understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
To improve our site.
To improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature.
To send information to you that you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
To send periodic emails, which may include electronic newsletters and/or autoresponder series of emails.
To respond to your enquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
Vegan-Nutritionista.com may collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our site, register on the site, or fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site.Specifically, if you subscribe to our newsletter, we will ask for your first name and will require your email address.If you complete a form, we will require your name and your email address, and will ask for information relevant to the purpose of the form.If you submit content to us, we will ask for your name and email address. Photos you include with your submission, or details in your submission, may personally identify you.If you request to be notified about comments on any content you submit to us, or request to be notified when others submit content, we will require your first name and your email address.If you purchase a product or service from us, we will collect your name, email address, billing address and credit card number.This site lets you share content with your friends and followers on various social media platforms. Below are links to the privacy policies of these networks:Facebook Privacy PolicyTwitter Privacy PolicyPinterest Privacy PolicyInstagram Privacy PolicyVegan-Nutritionista.com also uses Facebook commenting. Facebook stores all of your comments and may show them on your timeline, depending on your Facebook settings.Vegan-Nutritionista.com offers RSS as a way to easily follow content updates. We use FeedBurner to let you subscribe to these updates via your email address. Before you choose to use either as your RSS reader, review its privacy policy.You can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information and visit our site anonymously. However, it may prevent you from engaging in certain site-related activities.If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information, we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. We will use personal information received from you for internal purposes only and will not sell it or provide it to third parties.We also collect each visitor's IP address, which helps us combat spam and fraud. We do not use IP addresses for any other purpose.
Vegan-Nutritionista.com contains links to other websites that may be of interest to you. However, once you have used them to leave our site, we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide while visiting such sites. These sites are not governed by this privacy statement. Always exercise caution by reviewing the privacy statement of the website in question before continuing to use it.
Non-personally Identifiable Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you interact with our site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your method of connecting to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider you used, and other similar information.
Children's Privacy Protection
This website is directed to adults. It is not directed to children under the age of 16. We operate our site in compliance with current regulations. Anyone under the age of 16 must provide parental consent to use this site. We do not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 16 years of age.
California Consumer Privacy Act
California law gives residents the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information to third parties. This includes for advertising purposes. Under California law, the sharing of your information to a service provider for advertising purposes is considered a "sale." Vegan-Nutritionista.com has not sold any personal information in the previous 12 months, or at any time.
Release of Information
If we sell Vegan-Nutritionista.com, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale so that the service provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make.
Data Storage
Personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information collected by this site is stored on our host's servers. That host is SiteSell Inc., located at 1000 Saint-Jean Boulevard, Suite 702, Pointe-Claire, QC H9R 5P1 Canada.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personally identifiable information. If you have submitted personally identifiable information through our website and would like to download and review that information, click on this link.
You can also request to edit or delete any of your information from the servers by clicking on this link.
Updates and Effective Date
Vegan-Nutritionista.com reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our cookie and privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that those practices have changed and provide a link to the updated privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Vegan Nutritionista Medical Disclaimer
This site is not designed to and does not provide medical advice, professional diagnosis, opinion, treatment or services to you or to any other individual. Through this site and linkages to other sites, www.Vegan-Nutritionista.com provides general information for educational purposes only. The information provided in this site, or through linkages to other sites, is not a substitute for medical or professional care, and you should not use the information in place of a visit, call consultation or the advice of your physician or other healthcare provider. Vegan-Nutritionista is not liable or responsible for any advice, course of treatment, diagnosis or any other information, services or product you obtain through this site.IF YOU BELIEVE YOU HAVE A MEDICAL EMERGENCY, YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY CALL 911 OR YOUR PHYSICIAN.If you believe you have any other health problem, or if you have any questions regarding your health or a medical condition, you should promptly consult your physician or other healthcare provider. Never disregard medical or professional advice, or delay seeking it, because of something you read on this site or a linked website. Never rely on information on this website in place of seeking professional medical advice. You should also ask your physician or other healthcare provider to assist you in interpreting any information in this Site or in the linked websites, or in applying the information to your individual case.Medical information changes constantly. Therefore the information on this site or on the linked websites should not be considered current, complete or exhaustive, nor should you rely on such information to recommend a course of treatment for you or any other individual.Reliance on any information provided on this Site or any linked websites is solely at your own risk. www.Vegan-Nutritionista.com does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, products, procedures, opinions or other information that may be provided on the linked websites. The linked websites may contain text, graphics, images or information that you find offensive (e.g., sexually explicit). www.Vegan-Nutritionista.com, its licensors and its suppliers have no control over and accept no responsibility for such materials.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to Vegan-Nutritionista.com's privacy policy as posted here on this website, please do not consent to the setting of cookies and the collection and storage of your personally identifiable information.Your explicit consent indicates acceptance of this privacy policy in its entirety.Last updated: January 2, 2020
Return to the Home Page
New! CommentsHave your say about what you just read! Leave me a comment in the box below.
Follow @VeganNutrition
FREE Vegan Ezine!
Subscribe to Vegan Bytes
and get a FREE 5-page guide to weight loss!
Email Address
First Name
Then
Your email address is completely secure. I will only use it to send our newsletter.
Favorite Pages
Fall Meal Plans
Newbie Vegan Cooking
Holiday Cookies Cookbook
Vegan Bread Recipes Ebook
Vegan Grocery List
My Favorite Things
Berkey Water Purifiers
Want to meet the Vegan Nutritionista? It’s me, Cathleen Woods!
I have found my true passion in helping people to learn about a plant-based diet. I always wanted to do something with a true impact on society. I feel that I can help people not only to become healthier, but to help them reduce their responsibility for the destruction of the environment and the economy, and increase their compassion for other beings...
More About Me
What Do I Do?
Site Reviews   |   Advertising Policy   |   Privacy Policy   |   Meet Me   |   Search this Site   |   Site Mapby Cathleen Woods   |   © Copyright 2008-2020  |   Vegan-Nutritionista.comDisclaimer: Everything in this website is based upon information collected by Cathleen Woods, from a variety of sources. It is my opinion and is not intended as medical advice. We do not sell personal information.It is recommended that you consult with a qualified health care professional before making a diet change.As an Amazon Affiliate I earn from qualifying purchases.