http://www.conductdisorders.com/community/help/terms/
Menu
Forums
New posts
Search forums
What's new
New posts
New profile posts
Latest activity
Internet Search
Members
Current visitors
New profile posts
Search profile posts
Log in
Register
What's new
Search
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Latest activity
Register
Menu
Log in
Register
Install the app
Install
Help
You are using an out of date browser. It may not display this or other websites correctly.You should upgrade or use an alternative browser.
Terms and rules
Help pages
Help
Signatures
Alerts
Main Forum Page
Start a New Thread
Conversations
Watched Threads
Smilies
BB codes
Trophies
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
Search Member Posts
Whether this is your first time online or you're a seasoned visitor, we've spelled out the house rules for you here. Generally speaking, these rules simply require respect and good manners. We do insist that you abide by the rules and policies detailed below.
This Agreement governs YOUR access and use of ConductDisorders, bulletin boards/forums, blogs and all other services. In consideration for YOUR right to access and use the Service, YOU agree as follows:
Whether this is your first time online or you're a seasoned visitor, we've spelled out the house rules for you here. Generally speaking, we simply require that you respect others and use good manners. We also insist that you abide by the guidelines and policies detailed below.
The following User Agreement ("Agreement") governs the use of www.conductdisorders.com ("Website"), including without limitation participation in its bulletin boards, forums, chats, and all other areas (except to the extent stated otherwise on a specific page) as provided by Style and Design LLC ("Service Provider," "we," or "our").
1.) Registration and use of our site is free. We provide no guaranties or warranties, express or implied, with regard to any content provided on this site or on any other website linked to or from ConductDisorders.
2.) ConductDisorders operates on an honor system. Our intention is to maintain a fair and reasonable forum and facilitate legitimate, reasoned debate about the issues raised. Registered members are offered the privilege of freely posting on this site with the understanding that they are bound by their honor to observe our House Rules and Terms of Service and will therefore not abuse the trust placed in them.
3.) Our staff does not review all of the content posted here. We rely on the members to report inappropriate content so that it can be reviewed by the moderators and appropriate action taken when necessary. Content will not be deleted or altered for the purpose of distorting the pattern of opinion in any given discussion. The sole purpose of content editing or deletion is to remove inappropriate content and enforce these Terms of Service and House Rules.
Public discussions of staff decisions are not permitted on the public forum. If you have any concerns or questions about a staff decision, please take it up in private with a member of the site administration team.
4.) You hereby acknowledge that all posts made to these forums express the contributions, views and opinions of the author and not ConductDisorders or its staff (except for posts by these people) and hence ConductDisorders and its owners, agents and staff will not be held liable. Although the staff of ConductDisorders will attempt to keep objectionable content off of this site, it is impossible for us to review all content or confirm or fact check any of the information posted here.
5.) Comments made by others are not endorsed by service provider. Service Provider does not necessarily endorse, support, sanction, encourage, verify, or agree with the comments, opinions, or statements posted on forums, blogs or otherwise contained in the Website. Any information or material placed online, including advice and opinions, are the views and responsibility of those who post the statements and do not necessarily represent the views of Service Provider or its third party service providers. You agree that Service Provider and its third party service providers are not responsible, and shall have no liability to you, with respect to any information or materials posted by others, including defamatory, offensive or illicit material, even material that violates this Agreement.
6.) ConductDisorders cannot take the place of a personal relationship with your doctor, lawyer, union representative, human resources representative, therapist or other professional adviser. Please review all questions and information with them.
7.) No solicitations, donation requests or self promotional advertisements are allowed in any way shape or form. You may not post messages anywhere on this site that are primarily for the promotion or advertising of any other websites, forums, apps, legal actions, lawsuits, email campaigns, businesses, social networking campaigns, MLM activity, professional advisers or any other entities that you have an affiliation with (ie. no self-promotion). This includes links in your signature.
The use of our domain name/logo/website likeness in any print, email or virtual promotions is prohibited without written permission from Style and Design LLC.
8.) The people here are your peers, not trained professionals. Information posted here is individual personal experience only, not professional, medical or legal advice. If you are in danger, call your doctor or therapist, local crisis line, 911, or a family member. ConductDisorders staff and members/posters are not qualified to diagnose or give any type of medical, legal, financial, career or other advice when it comes to your personal situation.
9.) Discussion can be animated, which is fine, but we do not welcome personal attacks, on- or off-board. Derogatory, insulting, or belittling statements, directed at other members as well as direct or indirect personal attacks are not permitted on our forum.
It is fine to disagree with a different viewpoint, but please limit this to challenging the idea and not make your comments a personal challenge or make derogatory personal comments about individuals or their choices or circumstances, which disparage their ideas, opinions, their occupation or their personal situation. These examples are not exhaustive. Insulting or disparaging another member is a personal attack regardless of the manner in which it is done. These offensive comments are contrary to the spirit of legitimate, reasoned debate and damaging to the purpose of our community.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, insulting, sexually-oriented or any material that may violate any applicable laws. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned from this site. The IP address of all posts is recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions.
10.) No solicitations, donation requests or self promotional advertisements are allowed in any way shape or form. You may not post messages anywhere on this site that are primarily for the promotion or advertising of any other websites, forums, apps, legal actions, lawsuits, email campaigns, businesses, social networking campaigns, MLM activity, professional advisers or any other entities that you have an affiliation with (ie. no self-promotion). This includes links in your signature.
The use of our domain name/logo/website likeness in any print, email or virtual promotions is prohibited without written permission from Style and Design LLC.
11.) You are responsible for protecting your own privacy and respecting the privacy of others. This means no posting of your own or any other person's full name, email addresses, work or home locations, job titles, phone numbers, addresses, Social Security numbers, or any other personally identifiable or private information. This also means your full name cannot be used as your username or posted anywhere on our site.
12.) You may not post copyrighted, proprietary or confidential information on our website.
13.) You agree that the webmaster, administrator and moderators of this forum have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time for any reason they see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered being stored in a database. Except as required by law this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent; however you agree that ConductDisorders and its owners, agents, and staff cannot be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised. Examples of when disclosure may be required by law include response to a subpoena or search warrant.
14.) Except as expressly provided otherwise in the Privacy Policy, you agree that by posting messages, uploading files, inputting data, or engaging in any other form of communication with or through the Website, you grant us a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, enhance, transmit, distribute, publicly perform, display, or sublicense any such communication in any medium (now in existence or hereinafter developed) and for any purpose, including commercial purposes, and to authorize others to do so. In addition, please be aware that information you disclose in publicly accessible portions of the Website will be available to all users of the Website, so you should be mindful of personal information and other content you may wish to post.
15.) We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time. However, this policy will remain in effect until a replacement policy is posted on this website.
Claims of Copyright Infringement
It is the policy of Style and Design LLC to comply with the United States Copyright Act of 1976 (17 U.S.C.), and amendments including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).
Any person who believes that their copyrighted material is contained on any of Style and Design LLC's web sites may file an infringement claim.
Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Infringement Claims:
Cheryl Ferraro
Managing Partner
Style and Design LLC
31878 Del Obispo St. #118-335
San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675-3224
Telephone: (949) 248-2682
FAX: (949)248-2682
E-mail: [email protected]
How to make a claim:
The DMCA specifies that all infringement claims must be in writing (either electronic mail or letter) and must include the following:
Your name, physical address, telephone number, facsimile number, e-mail address and name of contact person;
A physical or electronic signature of the copyright holder or a person authorized to act on his or her behalf;
A description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of works at that site;
A description of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury that you are authorized to act on behalf of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Help
Top