https://www.findplumbing.com/help/privacy/
Welcome to Find Plumbing Help Forums!
Sign in or Register to gain full access to our forums.
Find Plumbing Help Forums
Home
Help
>
Follow on Twitter
Like on Facebook
Follow on Google+
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Learn More.
Visit our new Plumbing and HVAC Directory!
We are excited to bring you a new directory of plumbing, heating, air conditioning, and refrigeration companies, and related businesses. All listed businesses are suggested and submitted by our Find Plumbing Help Forums community members.
Cookies
Plumbing and HVAC Directory
Privacy Policy
Help
Terms and Rules
FAQ
Smilies
BB Codes
Trophies
Cookie Usage
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all personally identifiable information obtained from or about our website users and related to or arising from the use of this website. We have made a dedicated effort to bring our privacy policy in line with current applicable privacy laws and initiatives, and is committed to protecting your security and privacy online.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or join our forum.
Any data we request that is not required will be specified as voluntary or optional.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our website anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google\'s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
• To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
• To improve customer service
(your information helps us to respond to your customer service requests and support needs more effectively)
• To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates about your order or request.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
Public Information
Please remember that information you submit in a forum post or classified ad at FindPlumbing.com will be deemed public information and is not confidential. There is a risk in such communication venues that various information and data can be collected and used by others. Please be careful and responsible when you are online.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you submit a request, place an order or access your personal information.
These security measures include: password protected directories and databases to safeguard your information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember specific information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others\' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We, therefore, will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their control panel and going to the "Edit Profile" page. http://www.findplumbing.com/forums/ucp.php
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
CAN-SPAM Compliance
We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that we are compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 by never sending out misleading information.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the time of the change.
This policy was last modified on Januaru 13th, 2019
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Find Plumbing
15528 Illinois Ave
Paramount, CA 90723
(562) 354-0670
or, use our Contact Form
Privacy Policy Customer Pledge
We pledge to you, our customer, that we have made a dedicated effort to bring our privacy policy in line with the following important privacy laws and initiatives:
Federal Trade Commision Fair
California Online Privacy Protection Act
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
Privacy Alliance
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act
Respectfully,
R. Sanchez
FindPlumbing.com
Log in with Facebook
Log in with Twitter
Log in with Google
Your name or email address:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
Find Plumbing Help Forums
Home
Help
>
Forum software by XenForo™ ©2010-2015 XenForo Ltd. | Login as User ©2015
Search
Search
Search titles only
Posted by Member:
Separate names with a comma.
Newer Than:
Useful Searches
Useful Searches
Recent Posts
Advanced Search