http://www.outcrier.com/termsofuse.php
Outcrier.com Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE AND THE OUTCRIER.COM PRIVACY STATEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE.
The following agreement is by and between Outcrier.com, ("Outcrier"), and any individual, group of individuals, or business, ("User") who proceeds retrieve information, ("Content") by browsing outcrier.com, ("Site").
The User Shall Not:
interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation of Outcrier in any way through any means or device including, but not limited to: spamming, hacking, uploading computer viruses, or other means decided to be destructive, yet not clearly defined in this document;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, Outcrier employees, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent affiliation with a person or entity;
harm minors in any way;
carry out hateful, racial, ethnical or otherwise objectionable practices towards another User;
post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, or obscene content;
post, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (I.E. private correspondences, insider information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
post, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party;
post, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited Content or unauthorized Content in the form of solicitation, included but not limited to friends, family members or employees of online vendors and their competitors;
post, transmit or otherwise make available coupon or deal codes in public comments;
post, transmit or otherwise make available false information about a company, service, or product;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law;
"stalk" or otherwise harass another; or
collect or store personal data about other users.
Outcrier reserves the right to ban any user, disable user accounts, and to modify and/or remove user comments where deemed inappropriate by Outcrier employees.
Privacy
Voluntary and involuntary information transmitted by Users is subject to our privacy guidelines. For more information, see our privacy statement.
Limited Liability
User expressly agrees that use of Outcrier Site is at User's sole risk.
Neither Outcrier, its employees, affiliates, agents, merchants, licensers or the like,
warrant that Outcrier's Server will not be interrupted or error free; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or as to the accuracy, reliability or content of any information service or merchandise contained in or provided through the Outcrier Site, unless otherwise expressly stated in this terms of use document.
Under no circumstances, including negligence, shall Outcrier, its officers, agents or any one else involved in creating, producing or distributing Outcrier's Site be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use the Outcrier Server; or that results from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files, errors, defects, delays in operation, or transmission or any failure of performance, whether or not limited to acts of God, communication failure, theft, destruction, alien invasion, war, riots, insurrections or unauthorized access to Outcrier's records, programs or services.
User hereby acknowledges that this paragraph shall apply to all content on Outcrier's Site.
Changes to Terms of Use
Outcrier reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these terms of use, in whole or in part, or to incorporate service fees for Users, at any time. Changes in these terms use will be effective when posted. You agree to review these terms and conditions of use periodically to be aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Outcrier Site after any changes to these terms and conditions of use are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.
Acceptance of Terms of Use
By browsing the Site, the User acknowledges full acceptance of all Terms of Use and Privacy Statements set forth by Outcrier.