http://www.liquidledger.com/legal/index.shtml#privacy
Liquid Ledger is no longer under active development, and the 60-day trial is no longer available for download.
Overview
Features
FAQs
News
Support
Contact
Notice for Internet Explorer Users
Internet Explorer does not properly support Cascading Style Sheets and is therefore not recommended for viewing this Web site. While you can continue using Explorer to navigate this site, Mac users are encouraged to use a more capable Web browser such as Safari, Firefox, or OmniWeb.
Terms of Use
All content on this site, including but not limited to text, graphics, movies, binaries, and other media, represent original works of Modeless Software, Inc., unless otherwise stated, and are protected by international copyright laws. We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and we ask that you do the same for us by not redistributing any of the content on this site without our express written permission.
Online Privacy Policy
Modeless Software, Inc. will never give or sell any information about our customers or Web site visitors to third parties. We are committed to respecting your privacy, and should you have any questions or concerns not addressed here, please contact us.
What Information Do You Collect?
Our Web servers collect general statistics about visitors to this site, including domain, browser and operating system platform, as well as aggregate information such as number of visitors, page hit counts, broken links, and other system information. We use this information to facilitate the administration of this site and to improve its content.
How Do You Use the Personal Information I Provide?
Certain areas of this site may ask for personal information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number, or other identifying information. We may store this information for internal use but will only contact you as necessary during the course of business. We will not add your e-mail address or other contact information to any mailing list unless you have expressly asked us to. Should you wish to opt-out of any list you have subscribed to or change
your contact information, please contact us.
What About My Credit Card Information?
Our Online Store employs 128-bit SSL technology to safeguard your credit card information from interception when processing your order. Your credit card information is not stored on any of our servers.
Standard Disclaimer
Please note that we are not responsible for the policies of any Web sites to which we provide links or references. We reserve the right to change any of our policies from time to time at our sole discretion.
Unsolicited Submissions Policy
Modeless Software, Inc. encourages feedback from our customers and visitors to our Web sites so we may better improve our products and services. Please be aware that any ideas or feedback you provide to Modeless Software, Inc., or any of its employees, becomes the sole property of Modeless Software, Inc. The purpose of this policy is to avoid any misunderstanding or disputes when any area of our business seems similar to ideas you may have submitted to us.
Home				|
Recent News		|
Questions?			|
Support			|
Contact Us
Press Room			|
Terms of Use	|
Online Privacy Policy
Liquid Ledger is a trademark of Modeless Software, Inc.Mac and the Mac logo are trademarks of Apple Computer, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
Copyright © 2011 Modeless Software, Inc. All rights reserved.