http://www.anonic.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Spread the love1. Who we Are
Confinet Ltd. is UK registered company providing customized services enhancing our clients’ privacy and security in the Internet.
2. What this Privacy Statement Covers
Confinet Ltd. has created this Privacy Statement for the website AnonIC in order to demonstrate our company commitment to privacy. This Privacy Statement covers Confinet treatment of information that Confinet collects when visitors are on the AnonIC site, and when visitors contact AnonIC staff.
3. Information Collection and Use
All the information that visitor enters in an AnonIC web site is used by AnonIC only for the processing required to provide the consulting service.
The AnonIC web site is targeted at the adult population and not at children. In any case, AnonIC does not collect, request, or require any personal information from any of its visitors, children or adults.
The AnonIC web site runs on secure operating environments that are not accessible to the public.
The AnonIC web site contains links to other sites. AnonIC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Logs and cookies
We keep no permanent records or archives of individual visitor activity.
We collect no logs or visitor data beyond what is required for performance tuning and security monitoring of our servers. This data does not have any information which can identify visitor or visitors personal usage. Any such data is analyzed only statistically, and is destroyed soon thereafter.
We do not use cookies
No individual customer data will ever be shared with third parties outside of AnonIC.
4. Communications with Customers
AnonIC does not contact visitors unless a visitor asked us a question. In case a visitor asked us a question or made a comment and provided email address for correspondence AnonIC may contact such a visitor.
5. Policy Modification
This privacy policy is under constant review, and may be modified and updated in the future.
Top 10 construction companies in the world
Recent Posts
Home Winterizing Checklist
Tips for Rewiring an Old House
How to Choose the Best Windows for Your New Construction
Safety Tips When Hiring Home Service Contractors
Maintaining Your Home’s Value: 6 Important Tips
Categories
Construction
Contracting
Data Interception
Email Security
Internet Security
Maintenance
Security
Surfing
Uncategorized