http://www.resellerfinder.com/privacy.php
Privacy
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy.
We strive to keep your personal information confidential.
We do not sell or share any information that you submit. Please
be aware that despite our best intentions, no data transmission
over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Moreover,
at times we may be required by law or legal process to disclose
your personal information. We may also disclose information
about you if we believe that disclosure is necessary for the
public interest.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet
browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard
drive. The use of cookies is now standard operating procedure
for most Web sites. The cookie itself does not contain your
personal information. Cookies do not damage your system.
Links
ResellerFinder website contains links to other sites. ResellerFinder
does not share your personal information with those websites
and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage
you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
IP Addresses
Resellerfinder logs IP addresses for systems administration
and troubleshooting purposes and to determine site usage.
Your IP address does not contain personal information about
you.
Your Consent
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of our Online
Privacy Policy as specified above. ResellerFinder Privacy
Policy is subject to change at any time. We encourage you
to review the privacy policy regularly for any changes.
On-Site Advertising
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our website in order to serve relevant advertisements.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables the service of advertisements to our users, based on what pages and content you choose to view within our website.
Google offer you the option of removing yourself from this service if you may choose.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Some Jokes | Wacky Status | Royal Flushes | Membership Script
Contact
| Privacy
Copyright © 2004 ResellerFinder.com.
All Rights Reserved.