http://www.azinvestor.gov/legal_notices.asp
Arizona Corporation Commission Securities Division
Home Page  Ask and Check  Investor Life Events  Investor Resources  FAQs  Investor Tools
Attention: Beginning August 19, 2019, www.AZInvestor.gov will be found at AZCC.gov/AZInvestor. For up-to-date information on investment education and fraud prevention, please visit our new site and bookmark it.
Privacy Policy StatementThank you for visiting the Arizona Corporation Commission-Securities Division's investor education website and reviewing our privacy policy statement. This policy statement is provided as required by statute to inform you about the information that may be collected as a result of your visiting our site.  More importantly, we want you to know how that information may be used, and the steps we take to insure the security of your information. Your right to privacy is of utmost importance to the Arizona Corporation Commission and it is our desire to earn your trust and confidence when you visit our site via the Internet.Online Customer Service and AlternativesIf you prefer to request information from us in person, you may do so by telephone or in person. Our goal here is to provide you with a more convenient and efficient means to interact with us.Collection and Use of InformationInformation Collected and Stored Automatically by Cookies:The Arizona Corporation Commission may use "cookies" to gather information about your visit automatically in a standard log file. Cookies are simple test files stored on your computer by your web browser. The information we collect never identifies you personally and consists of only the following items:1. The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "your school.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) from which you access the web site; 2. The IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access the web site; and 3. The date and time of your access.  We use this information to gather statistics about the amount of use the site receives. Again, we do not automatically record information about you as an individual. We do not share, sell, or otherwise disseminate the collected information.Information You Provide:Through our website, you may request to be added to certain lists, or may complete forms for various purposes. As an alternative to completing the forms online, you may print the blank form, fill it out and mail it to us. Information we collect from you through the internet is treated the same as information you submit to us on a hard copy. In other words, much of the information you disclose to us becomes a matter of public record as required by law. If you choose to provide us with personal information we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested. We only share the information you provide with another agency if your inquiry relates to that agency, or if required by law as outlined above.SecurityWe have taken several steps to safeguard the integrity of our computer systems and networks. These steps include, but are not limited to, individual authentication, the security of transmitted data, security monitoring, auditing, and encryption of your information. Security methods and measures have been integrated into the design, implementation and day-to-day practices of the entire government process.External Links DisclaimerThe Arizona Corporation Commission website contains links to websites operated by other entities. When you link to another site, you are no longer on the Arizona Corporation Commission's website and this Privacy Policy Statement will not apply. When you link to another website, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site. These links are offered solely for your convenience and the state of Arizona is not responsible for and has no control over the policies or content of any third-party sites. Privacy Policy Statement Is Subject to ChangeThis policy may be updated or revised from time to time, so please check back with us periodically in order to receive advance notice of any substantive changes to the manner in which the information you disclose on this web site may be collected, used or disseminated.Copyright Notice and DisclaimerAll works of authorship contained in this Internet site in the domain "www.azinvestor.gov" (the "Site"), including but not limited to all design, text, and images (except as otherwise expressly stated), are owned by the Arizona Corporation Commission-Securities Division (the "Division"), and may not be copied, reproduced, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed, rented, sublicensed, altered, stored for subsequent use, or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without the Division's prior written consent, except to the extent that such use constitutes "fair use" under the Copyright Act of 1976 (17 U.S.C. § 107), as amended, and except for one temporary copy in a single computer's memory and one unaltered permanent copy to be used by the viewer for personal and non-commercial use only, with an attached copy of this page containing the Division's Copyright Notice and Disclaimer.Some of the images used in this site were provided under license from the following entities with all rights reserved: Microsoft, Inc., and Shutterstock.com.  You may provide a hypertext link to this site on another Internet site, provided that (a) the link must be a text-only link clearly marked "azinvestor.gov Home Page,"  (b) the appearance, position, and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage the goodwill and reputation associated with the Securities Division's name,  (c) the appearance, position, and other aspects of the link may not create the false appearance that an entity is associated with or sponsored by the Securities Division,  (d) the link, when activated by a user, must display this Site full-screen and not within a "frame" on the linked Internet site, and  (e) the Division reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time in its sole discretion.
DisclaimerThe Commission's Securities Division does not provide legal advice to the general public and the information contained within our website is not intended to and shall not be construed as constituting legal advice.  You should contact a private securities attorney, accountant, or other professional to secure the most appropriate advice for your situation.Contact InformationTo offer comments about the Commission Securities Division's website, or about the information presented in this Privacy Policy, please contact us: By E-mail:  Privacy Officer  By Telephone:  (602) 542-2237By Mail:Privacy OfficerArizona Corporation Commission1200 W. Washington St.Phoenix, AZ   85007
1300 W. Washington St, 3rd Flr.
Phoenix, AZ 85007
Legal Notices  |   Site Map   |   ACC Main Site
©2012 Arizona Corporation Commission
602-542-4242
toll free 1-866-VERIFY-9
info@azinvestor.gov