http://www.organized-living.com/terms
Organized Living Web Site TermsWelcome to our website and thank you for visiting Organized Living. Organized Living provides its services to you subject to the following conditions. By visiting our website, you unconditionally accept these terms and conditions. Please read them carefully. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, do not use this website.PRIVACYPlease review our Website Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to our website, to understand our practices. COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY NOTICES The content of this website, including all text, graphics, trade dress, logos, arrangement, presentations, button icons, images, audio clips, digital download, data compilations, software and all other material, is the property of Organized Living.  Unauthorized use, in whole or in part, of these materials, including reproduction, copying, transmission, distribution, preparation of derivative works, public performance and public display, is prohibited by the Copyright Act of 1976, 17 U.S.C. Â§101 et. seq. and other laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you as the viewer or user of this website, are granted a nonexclusive, nontransferable, limited license to view, reproduce, print and share materials retrieved from the site provided that (a) such materials are used for personal and/or informational purposes only, (b) such materials are used for non-commercial purposes only, and are not used to provide competitive consultations or sell products unaffiliated with Organized Living or this site and (c) you do not remove, alter, obscure or otherwise eliminate from hardcopy versions the applicable copyright and other notices.All names, logos, slogans, trade dress, indicia, trademarks and other intellectual property included or appearing on this website, except as otherwise noted, are property of Organized Living. The marks Organized Living; freedomRail, Distinctive Storage, TRI-LOC, OBox, For The Way You Live, Step One you're Almost Done, Organizing Homes. Improving Life and other marks indicated on our site are State and/or Federal marks of Organized Living, Inc, in the United States and other countries. Organized Living trademarks may not be used without the express written permission of Organized , Inc. All other trademarks not owned by Organized Living or its subsidiaries that appear on this website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Organized Living or its subsidiaries. Any unauthorized use of any content or materials on this Site is strictly prohibited and may violate copyright and trademark laws, and/or the laws of privacy, publicity, and/or communications regulations and statutes. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT CLAIMSOrganized Living respects the intellectual property rights of third parties, and complies with the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) regarding such rights.  We reserve the right to remove access to infringing material posted to this Site.  Such actions do not affect or modify any other rights Organized Living may have under law or contract. If you believe that any portion of the material contained on this site infringes your copyright, notify us of your claim in accordance with the following procedure.  We will take appropriate action as required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3). Written Notification must be submitted to this site’s Designated Agent:   Compliance AdministratorOrganized Living 3100 East Kemper RoadCincinnati, OH  45241Facsimile:  513-277-3704Email:  complianceadmin@organizedliving.com To be effective, the Notification must be in writing and contain the following information: A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material; Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted; A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Upon receipt of the written Notification containing the information outlined above, Organized Living will: Remove or disable access to the material that is alleged to be infringing; Forward the written notification to such alleged infringer; Take reasonable steps to promptly notify the alleged infringer that it has removed or disabled access to the material. A Counter Notification will be effective if in writing, provided to the Designated Agent, and including substantially the following: A physical or electronic signature of the alleged infringer; Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled; A statement under penalty of perjury that the alleged infringer has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; The alleged infringer’s name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the alleged infringer consents to jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located or, if outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Organized Living may be found, and that the alleged infringer will accept service of process from the person who provided notification or the agent of such person. Upon receipt of a Counter Notification containing the information outlined above, Organized Living will: promptly provide the complaining party with a copy of the Counter Notification; inform the complaining party that it will replace the removed material within ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days following the receipt of the Counter Notification, provided Organized Living’s Designated Agent has not received notice from the complaining party that an action has been filed seeking a court order to restrain alleged infringer from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on Organized Living’s network or system. This process only relates to reporting a claim of copyright infringement.  Messages related to other matters will not receive a response through this process.  REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT Visitors may send communications to us; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive or privacy, infringing the intellectual property rights or otherwise injurious to third parties, or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam". You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person on entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of content.Organized Living reserves the right, but not the obligation, to remove or edit this content for any reason or no reason, and to edit or delete any posting or submission, in whole or in part, with or without notice.   If you do post any communication to the website, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant to Organized Living a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform and display the communication in whole or in part, alone, or as part of other works in any forum, media or technology, whether known now or hereafter developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sub licensees.Organized Living does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, reliability, or non-infringing nature of any communication posted by other users, nor does it endorse any opinions expressed by you or any other users. You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other users will be at your own risk. Organized Living Corporation does not screen communications in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring materials posted by you or other users. CONTENTS AND HYPERLINKS This website may contain hyperlinks to third party websites, and those websites are the sole responsibility of such independent third parties and use thereof is solely at your own risk. Organized Living has no control over the content or policies of such third party websites, and we are not responsible for (and under no circumstances shall be liable for) the contents, accuracy or reliability of any websites hyperlinked to this website. Those who choose to access information from this website (including any information obtained through any hyperlink) are solely responsible for the compliance of such information with any applicable law. If you want to link to this website, please contact customerservice@organizedliving.com before creating that link so, the site may be previewed. Organized Living expressly forbids the unauthorized use of its logos, trademarks, or other graphics to create links. Text links are permitted upon approval. By creating an account with the Site, you consent to receive communications from us electronically via the email address associated with your account.  Although you can opt not to receive promotional messages, we retain the right to send you informational email messages about your account or administrative notices regarding the Site, as permitted under the CAN-SPAM Act (15 U.S.C. §7701 et seq.).  SITE PROMOTIONS AND TRANSACTIONSWe are not responsible for typographical or other errors or omissions regarding products, services, prices, or other information provided on this Site.  All product and/or service sales and promotions are subject to the terms of this Agreement, in addition to any other terms that may apply.  Promotional offers and prices are available for a limited time as specified on the Site.  Prices, promotions and availability are subject to change without prior notice.  PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND SOFTWARE Downloading software from this website does not give you title to such software including any files, data and images incorporated in or associated with the software. Your use of any such software shall be only in accordance with the license agreement that is included with the software or presented upon download of such software. Software available on this website is copyrighted by Organized Living or its owner. Software may not be copied, redistributed or placed on any server for further distribution. You may not sell, modify, decompile, disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer the software. A description or reference to a product, service or publication on this website (including any description or reference via hyperlink) does not imply endorsement by Organized Living of that product, service or publication. Products and software offered through this website shall be warranted, if at all, through the written license or warranty provided in connection with such product or software. INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU It has been and remains Organized Living policy not to accept or consider ideas, suggestions or materials other than those that Organized Living has specifically requested from you. Accordingly, Organized Living does not want you to, and you should not, send any confidential or proprietary information to Organized Living through the Site unless specifically requested by Organized Living. Please note that any unsolicited information or material sent to Organized Living will be deemed not to be confidential or proprietary. By submitting information and material to OrganizedLiving.com, you automatically grant to Organized Living (or warrant that the owner of such information and material has expressly granted to Organized Living) a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, unrestricted, right and license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, adapt, publish, translate, transmit and distribute, or otherwise make available to other such information and material (in whole or in part and for any purpose) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed. You also agree that Organized Living is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that you send Organized Living for any purpose. You shall not upload, post or otherwise make available on the Site any information and material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express written permission of the owner of such right(s). You shall be solely liable for any damages resulting from any infringement of copyright, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from such a submission.  DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY This site is provided by Organized Living on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Organized Living does not warrant that the website or Internet communications through which this website is operated and/or transmitted will operate error free. In addition, Organized Living makes no representations or warranties of any kind express or implied as the operation of this site or the information, content, materials or products included on this site, you expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.Organized Living attempts to be as accurate as possible with respect to all aspects of this website. However, this website may contain inaccuracies and typographical or other errors. Use of the website and any of the information contained therein is at your own risk. The website may be periodically updated or revised at any time. These terms and conditions of use shall apply with equal force to any and all such updates or revisions.TO THE FULLEST EXTEND PERMITTED BY LAW, ORGANIZED LIVING DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND/OR STATUTORY INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ORGANIZED LIVING DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE AND/OR ITS SERVER ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES AND OTHER HARMFUL GOODS OR COMPUTER CODE THAT MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A COMPUTER WHEN DOWNLOADED. ORGANIZED LIVING CORPORATION WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. APPLICABLE LAW By visiting our website, you agree that the laws of the state of Ohio, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Organized Living Inc. or its subsidiaries. DISPUTES Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to our website shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Cincinnati, Ohio, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Organized Living intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in a state or federal court in the state of Ohio, and you consent to exclusive subject matter and personal jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the applicable rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other parties subject to this agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.SITES POLICIES, MODIFICATIONS, AND SEVERABILITY We reserve the right to make changes to our website, policies, and these Terms of Use at any time. If any of these terms shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that term shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining terms. CONTACT INFORMATION If you have any questions or suggestions regarding these terms and conditions, please contact us at: Organized Living:3100 East Kemper RoadCincinnati, OH  45241complianceadmin@organizedliving.com