http://www.fdf.org.uk/terms.aspx
This website uses cookies to operate and deliver a good service for
you.
To find out more about cookies on this website and how to delete or block
these, see our privacy and cookies policy.
Accessibility:
A
A
A
FDF
FDFS
Label
FDF Members
Search
Sign inHome
Food and Drink Federation Representing the UK's biggest manufacturing sector
You are here:
Home>
Terms and conditions
Newsfeed
Print this page
About FDFNewsPolicy areas EU ExitMembershipFacts and statsEvents & trainingPublicationsVenue
Quick links...
Business Confidence Survey
Case Studies
FDF Awards
Exports statistics
Terms and conditions
This page (together with the web page(s) referred to) tells you the terms of use
on which you may make use of our website www.fdf.org.uk (our “Site”), whether as a guest or as a FDF member who registers with us.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before you start to use our Site. By
using our Site or registering with us, you indicate that you accept these Terms
of
Use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these Terms of
Use, please refrain from using our Site.
In this section:
1. Information about us
2. Accessing our Site
3. Acceptable use
4. Content standards
5. Suspension and termination
6. Complaints
7. Licence and Intellectual Property Rights
8. No warranty and reliance on information (Disclaimer)
9. Our Site changes regularly
10. Our liability
11. Information about you and your visits to our Site
12. Viruses, hacking and other offences
13. Linking to our Site
14. Links from our Site
15. Jurisdiction and applicable law
17. Variations
18. Your concerns
1. Information about us
1.1. www.fdf.org.uk is a site operated by
the Food and Drink Federation ("we",
“us” or “our” ). We are registered in England and Wales under company number
210572 and have our registered office at 6th Floor, 10 Bloomsbury Way, London,
WC1A 2SL. Our VAT
number is 761253541.
2. Accessing our Site
2.1. Although we use reasonable endeavours to ensure that our Site is available
during normal business hours, we may withdraw or amend the service we provide
on
our Site without notice. In the event, we will not be liable if for any reason
our Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
2.2. We restrict access to some parts of our Site to non-members and members of
the FDF. To
access restricted information through our members' only area, you must register
with us. Only
employees of
organisations who are members of FDF are eligible to register for the members'
only services. The FDF may in some case grant restricted access to parts of our
Site, entirely
upon our discretion.
2.3. To register with us you need to complete the registration form and choose a
user name and password. You must treat such login information as confidential
and keep it safe, and you must not disclose it to any person or third party and
should not write it down. When choosing a password, do not choose names or
words
that can be easily guessed. We have the right to disable any user name or
password, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply
with any
of the provisions of these terms of use.
top
3. Acceptable use
3.1. You may use our Site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our Site:
3.1.1. in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or
international
law or regulation;
3.1.2. in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or
fraudulent purpose or effect;
3.1.3. for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way;
3.1.4. to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or
unauthorised
advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation
(spam);
3.1.5. to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that
contains
viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware
or
any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely
affect
the operation of any computer software or hardware.
3.2. You also agree:
3.2.1. not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
3.2.1.1. any part of our Site;
3.2.1.2. any equipment or network on which our Site is stored;
3.2.1.3. any software used in the provision of our Site; or
3.2.1.4. any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third
party.
top
4. Content standards
4.1. We may from time to time allow FDF members to post comments to
consultations on our Site (“Content”). We do not pre-moderate Content.
4.2. Where you are uploading Content to our Site, you must comply with the
spirit of the following standards as well as the letter.
4.3. Content must:
4.3.1. be accurate (where they state facts);
4.3.2. be genuinely held (where they state opinions);
4.3.3. comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which
they
are posted.
4.4. Content must not:
4.4.1. contain any material which is defamatory of any person, obscene,
offensive, hateful or inflammatory;
4.4.2. promote sexually explicit material, violence, promote discrimination
based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or
age;
4.4.3. infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other
person;
4.4.4. be likely to deceive any person or made in breach of any legal duty
owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence or
promote any illegal activity;
4.4.5. be threatening, abuse or invade another's privacy, or cause annoyance,
inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to harass, upset, embarrass,
alarm or annoy any other person;
4.4.6. be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or
affiliation with any person or give the impression that they emanate from us,
if
this is not the case;
4.4.7. advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of
example
only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
top
5. Suspension and termination
5.1. We may withdraw your right to use our Site on a temporary or permanent
basis if you fail to comply with these Terms of Use.
6. Complaints
6.1. If you wish to complain about any use of our Site or Content posted to our
Site, please contact us at webmaster@fdf.org.uk.
We will then review your complaint and decide whether it complies with our
Terms of Use and, in particular, our content standards in clause 4. If not, we
will
deal with the matter as described above (see section 5). We will inform you of
the outcome of our review within a reasonable time of receiving your complaint.
7. Licence and Intellectual Property Rights
7.1. We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our
Site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by
copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
7.2. Subject to clause 7.3, any content and materials available through the
public areas of our Site are made available for information, review and
reference
purposes. You may use this content and materials provided that you reference
the FDF
as the originating source and include the following copyright notice “Copyright 2020
Food and Drink Federation – www.fdf.org.uk”.
7.3. Any content, materials and information which is made available via the FDF
members only area of our Site is strictly confidential. You may only use,
publish or disclose
such content, materials and information internally provided that you reference
the FDF as the originating source and include the following copyright notice “Copyright
2020 Food and Drink Federation – www.fdf.org.uk”.
7.4. Unless explicit permission has been given by us in writing, no content ,
materials, information, email alert or documents available through such area is
to
be used for commercial purposes or published or distributed or disclosed or
passed in any form
to any third party.
7.5. If you print off, copy or download any part of our Site in breach of these
terms of use, your right to use our Site will cease immediately and you must,
at
our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
7.6. If you are unsure about the reproduction of any of the content or materials
available through our Site please direct all enquiries regarding obtaining
permission to use it: webmaster@fdf.org.uk.
top
8. No warranty and reliance on information (Disclaimer)
8.1. Our Site and the content and material available on our Site are provided
without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy
completeness
or authenticity and such the Site and such content or materials are made
available to you on an “AS IS” basis.
8.2. Commentary and other materials available on our Site are not intended to
amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all
liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials
by
any visitor to our Site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its
contents.
9. Our Site changes regularly
9.1. We aim to update our Site regularly, and may change the content and
functionality at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our
Site or
part of our Site. Any of the material on our Site may be out of date at any
given
time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
top
10. Our liability
10.1. To the extent permitted by law, we expressly exclude:
10.1.1. all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be
implied by statute, common law or the law of equity;
10.1.2. any and all liability (whether arising in contract, tort or
otherwise)
for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user
in
connection with our Site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or
results of the use of our Site, any websites linked to it and any materials
posted
on it.
10.2. This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising
from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or
misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which
cannot be
excluded or limited under applicable law.
10.3. This does not affect our liability to our members under our membership
agreement arising in connection with the use of our Site, and the use of
content or
materials available on it, by our members.
11. Information about you and your visits to our Site
top
11.1. We process information about you in accordance with our privacy and cookies policies.
By using our Site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data
provided by you is
accurate.
12. Viruses, hacking and other offences
12.1. You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans,
worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically
harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our Site, the
server on
which our Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our
Site. You must not attack our Site via a denial-of-service attack or a
distributed
denial-of service attack.
13. Linking to our Site
13.1. You may link to our Site, provided you reference FDF as the originating
source and do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our
reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a
way as to
suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none
exists.
14. Links from our Site
14.1. Where our Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by
third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no
control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no
responsibility
for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
15. Jurisdiction and applicable law
15.1. The English courts will have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any claim
arising from, or related to, a visit to our Site although we retain the right
to
bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of
residence or any other relevant country. These terms of use are governed by
English law.
17. Variations
17.1. We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You
are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes
we
made, as they are binding. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of
use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our
Site.
18. Your concerns
18.1. If you have any concerns about material which appears on our Site, please
contact webmaster@fdf.org.uk.
Company Registration Information
Food and Drink Federation
6th Floor
10 Bloomsbury Way
London, WC1A 2SL
Registration number: 210572
VAT number: 761253541
top
Last reviewed: 30 Mar 2020
Bookmark this page:
Follow us:
Copyright © 2020 Food and Drink Federation - www.fdf.org.uk
Site mapNewsletterAccessibilityCookiesTerms and conditionsPrivacy policyContact usHome