http://www.volcanicacoffee.com/policies/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
Secure Ordering
Your online credit card transactions are secure with Volcanica Coffee. We use Secure Socket Layering (SSL), the industry-standard encryption technology that ensures safe Internet transmission of your personal information. It encrypts data passed between the server and your browser, so that unauthorized parties cannot intercept sensitive, confidential or personal information, such as a phone number or address. Volcanica Coffee employs SSL to protect your billing and shipping  information when it's submitted through checkout, which helps to ensure a reliable, secure shopping experience to buy gourmet coffee online. When the letters "http" in the URL change to "https," the "s" indicates you are in a secure area employing SSL; also, your browser may give you a pop-up message that you're about to enter a secure area.
Making a credit card purchase is just as safe on our Web site as it is by telephone. We employ the highest standards of security to protect your information to buy gourmet coffee online. In fact, no one at Volcanica Coffee has access to your credit card information.
Privacy Policy
Protecting your personal information / privacy is very, very important to us.
We hate spam! Volcanica Coffee does NOT sell or rent our customers names, addresses or e-mail addresses to anyone.
We send out e-mail notifications on products, special promotions, etc. from time to time.
If you ever get e-mail or newsletters from us and do not want to continue to receive these messages simply click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.
To help us achieve our goal of providing the highest quality products and services, we use information from our interactions with you and other customers, as well as from other parties. Because we respect your privacy, we have procedures to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe, secure, and responsible manner.
We have posted this privacy policy to let you know what kind of information we collect, how it is handled, with whom it may be shared, what choices you have regarding our use of your information, and how you may access some of the information you provide to us.
As we continue to develop our Web site and take advantage of advances in technology, our privacy policy may change. Please refer to this page frequently for the most up-to-date information.
The information we collect Whenever you shop with Volcanica Coffee to buy gourmet coffee online, we obtain from you the information we need to complete your transaction. This may include your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address. If you use a credit or debit card, it will include your account number.
If you use one of our services, or participate in one of our promotions or sweepstakes, we may ask for additional information, such as your age, interests or product preferences.
From your purchases and other interactions with us, we obtain information concerning the specific products or services you purchase or use.
To improve our Web site, we collect non-personal information about how users navigate through the site. We may share this information with our partners or other outside companies.
How we use the information we collect We use the information we collect for various purposes, including:
to complete your purchase transactions
to provide the services you request
to send you our newsletters, promotional emails, catalogs and other offerings by mail
to keep you informed about the status of your orders
to identify your product and service preferences, so we can notify you of new or additional products, services, and promotions that might be of interest to you
to notify you of product recalls or provide other information concerning products you have purchased
to improve our merchandise selections, customer service, and overall shopping experience
Others with whom we share your information Service providers: We provide information to outside companies that help us bring you the products and services we offer. For example, we may work with an outside company to manage a database of customer information or assist us in distributing e-mails.
Third-Party Web Beacons: We use third-party web beacons from to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. We also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Your choices regarding use of the information we collect If you do not want us to share information about you with any company or organization outside The Volcanica Coffee Group:
E-mail us through the contact us form.
Write: Volcanica Coffee Company 4110 Tench Road, Suite D Suwanee, GA 30024
Please note that many promotions and mailings are completed well in advance, so you may continue to receive some offers after you ask us to stop sharing your information. We appreciate your patience in giving us time to carry out your request.
Cookies and how we use them A "cookie" is a small data file stored by your Web browser on your computer's hard drive. It allows us to recognize your computer (but not specifically who is using it) upon entering our site by associating the identification numbers in the cookie with other customer information you have provided us. That customer information is stored on our secured database.
We use cookies to identify the pages you click on during your visit to our site and the name of the Web site you visited immediately before clicking to VolcanicaCoffee.com. We use this information to improve our site design, product assortments, customer service, to aid in the transaction to buy gourmet coffee online and special promotions.
We may contract with third parties who may use cookies and collect information on our behalf or provide services such as  shipping, promotional services, credit card processing, or data management. We call them our Customer Care Partners. These third parties are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our other Customer Care Partners. However, we respect your right to choose whether to be included in such services. If you would like to opt out of these services, please contact us via the contact information listed above.
Children's privacy The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act took effect on April 21, 2000. It imposes certain requirements on Web sites directed at children under 13 that collect information on those children, and on Web sites that knowingly collect information on children under 13.
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 on our Web site, and our online sweepstakes are restricted to entrants who are at least 18 years old.
No one under the age of 15 should submit any personal information to this or any other Web site without the consent of a parent or guardian.
Links to other sites While visiting VolcanicaCoffee.com, you may link to Web sites operated by our business partners or other third parties. This does not mean that we endorse these Web sites. We do not make any representations or warranties about any Web site you may access through this Web site. They are independent from us, and we have no control over, or responsibility for, their information or activities. You need to make your own independent decisions regarding your interactions or communications with any other Web site.
If you provide personal information at one of those sites, you are subject to the privacy policy of the operator of that site, not the Volcanica Coffee privacy policy. We encourage you to read that policy before submitting any personal information.
E-mails We send out promotional emails with special discounts and news. Each time you receive an e-mail from Volcanica Coffee, you will be given the opportunity to "opt-out" or stop receiving them.
If you choose to "opt-out," we will stop sending you e-mails. Please note, however, that some e-mail promotions are prepared well in advance, so you may continue to receive offers after you have chosen to "opt-out." We appreciate your patience in giving us time to carry out your request.
Any questions? We'll be happy to provide additional information or answer any questions. Please:
E-mail us through the contact us form
Write: Volcanica Coffee Company 4110 Tench Road, Suite D Suwanee, GA 30024
Close
Customer Login:
Close
Shopping Cart:
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Total:
$0.00
Check Out
View Cart
Size Chart
You have successfully subscribed!
ico-collapse
0
Sorry, there are no products.
ic-cross-line-top
Top
ic-expand
ic-cross-line-top
ic-close-circle
Shopping Cart
0
Product
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Total$0.00
Check Out
View Cart