http://www.dig-itmag.com/privacy.php
FREE TIP SHEETS!
How to deadhead Summer Flowers with the FREE DIG IT Newsletter.
privacy policy
Thank you for visiting DIG IT! Magazine. DIG IT! Magazine is committed to safeguarding your privacy on the Internet. DIG IT! Magazine respects the privacy of each person who visits our Web site and does not share, trade, or sell personal information for use to any other business.
This site contains links to other Web sites on the World Wide Web. DIG IT! Magazine is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these Web sites.
DIG IT! Magazine may automatically log your IP address information to gather relevant demographic data. You may occasionally be asked to provide personal information in order to view, access, or download certain documentation on this Web site. If you wish to modify your personal information previously provided on this Web site, or if you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact: privacy@dig-itmag.com
Privacy Policy
This is a privacy policy for Dig It Magazine.
Our homepage on the Web is located at www.dig-itmag.com.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy.
You may contact us by mail at the following address:
Dig It Magazine
PO Box 527
Augusta, NJ 07822
USA
You may contact us by e-mail at privacy@dig-itmag.com
Inquiries:
Contact DIG IT! Magazine for information on Website data collection.
Additional Information
This policy is valid until 1 Jan, 2005 at 12:00:00 PST.
Data Collection
P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as "statements"). This policy contains 2 data groups. The data practices of each group will be explained separately.
Group "Basic information"
At the user's option, we will collect the following data:
HTTP protocol elements
Search terms
URI stem
Request timestamp
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Data collected from all Web users: access logs, and search strings (if entered).
Group "Cookies"
At the user's option, we will collect the following data:
HTTP cookies
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Research and development.
One-time tailoring.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Cookies are used to track visitors to our site,
so we can better understand what portions of our site best serve you.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies.
Cookies are used for the following purposes:
User targeting
Research and development
Compact Policy Summary
The compact policy which corresponds to this policy is:
CP="NOI DSP CURa ADMa DEVa TAIa
OUR BUS IND UNI COM NAV INT"
The following table explains the meaning of each field in the compact policy.
FieldMeaning
CP=
This is the compact policy header; it indicates that what follows is a P3P compact policy.
NOI
No identifiable information is collected, so no access is possible.
DSP
The policy contains at least one dispute-resolution mechanism.
CURa
The data is used for completion of the current activity.
ADMa
The data is used for site administration.
DEVa
The data is used for research and development.
TAIa
The data is used for tailoring the site.
OUR
The data is given to ourselves and our agents.
BUS
Our business practices specify how long the data will be kept.
IND
The data will be kept indefinitely.
UNI
Unique identifiers are collected.
COM
Computer information is collected.
NAV
Navigation and clickstream data is collected.
INT
Interactive data is collected.
The compact policy is sent by the Web server along with the cookies it describes.
For more information, see the P3P deployment guide at http://www.w3.org/TR/p3pdeployment.
Policy Evaluation
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 will evaluate this policy's compact policy whenever it is used with a cookie.
The actions IE will take depend on what privacy level the user has selected in their browser (Low, Medium, Medium High, or High; the default is Medium.
In addition, IE will examine whether the cookie's policy is considered satisfactory or unsatisfactory, whether the cookie is a session cookie or a persistent cookie, and whether the cookie is used in a first-party or third-party context.
This section will attempt to evaluate this policy's compact policy against Microsoft's stated behavior for IE6.
Note: this evaluation is currently experimental and should not be considered a substitute for testing with a real Web browser.
Satisfactory policy: this compact policy is considered satisfactory according to the rules defined by Internet Explorer 6.
IE6 will accept cookies accompanied by this policy under the High, Medium High, Medium, Low, and Accept All Cookies settings.
Click Here for Site Map | Privacy Policy | Web site developed by SHiNYMACHiNE web development