http://www.careforkids.com.au/home/privacypolicy
0
Search
Type of child care
All types
Child care centre
Family day care
Pre-schools/Kindergartens
Occasional, Casual or Flexible care
Before school care
After school care
Vacation care
In-home care
Nannies
Babysitters
Au pairs
Child Care Agencies
Search
Please select one of the suggested suburbs
For parents
Find child care near you
Articles And Tips
Vacancy Alert
Cost Of Care
Child Care Subsidy Calculator
News
Child Care Guide
For child care providers
For Agencies
For business
For Jobs
Sign up!
Login
OUR COMMITMENT
Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd's Privacy Policy is a statement recognising the right to keep personal information private and because we value highly the participation and interaction that the visitors to CareforKids.com.au have with the products and services we provide.
Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd is committed to managing personal information in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act). We make every effort to ensure that the personal information we collect from visitors is secured and protected from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modifications or disclosure.
This document sets out our policy for managing your personal information and is referred to as our Privacy Policy. It applies to all personal information collected by Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd via the website located at www.careforkids.com.au and our interactions with you.
WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION?
The Privacy Act protects personal information about individuals handled by organisations.
The Privacy Act currently defines “personal information” as information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable:
Whether that information or opinion is true or not; and
Whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
It includes information such as a person's name, address, financial information, marital status or billing details. Some personal information, including information about ethnicity, religion and health is considered to be sensitive.
If information does not disclose your entity or enable your identity to be ascertained, it will in most cases not be classified as “personal information”.
You consent to allow Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd to collect personal information about you, including information that is considered to be sensitive, so as to permit Care for Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd to carry out its services and activities.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOLD?
The kind of personal information that Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd collects from you will depend on how you use the website. The personal information which we collect and hold about you may include your name, email address, phone number, and social media (Facebook, Windows live; or Google) username and password.
We may also collect your payment information, but only to pass on to our third-party payment providers (Paypal and Stripe). Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd does not store any payment information.
You may visit our website anonymously and without identifying yourself. If you identify yourself (for example, by providing your contact details in an enquiry), any personal information you provide to Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd will be managed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We may collect personal information from you whenever you input such information into the website. Careforkids.com.au.
In addition, Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd automatically gathers certain usage information such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our site.
We collect this automatic data as follows:
Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
CareforKids.com.au collects anonymous information through cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data containing a unique identification number that is sent to your browser from a Web server and is stored on your computer's hard drive. The unique ID number identifies your browser to Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd's computers whenever you visit. Cookies do not enable anyone to access personally identifiable information that you have not already given us. Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd primarily uses cookies to connect members with account information stored on Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd's computers.
WHY DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION?
The purpose for which we collect personal information is to provide you with the best service experience possible on our website and to enable you to utilise our service offerings. We may also collect information to fulfill administrative functions associated with these services.
As an example, our site's registration forms, including Child Care Vacancy Alert, requires users to provide contact information, such as their name, their child’s name, date of birth, address, telephone, and email address. In the event that a user engages a Carer or has expressed interest in being contacted by child care providers via our site, then we will provide the user's contact information to the engaged Carer and that Carer's agency or the child care provider. Without such information, it is not possible to utilise some of the services available on the site.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for services. All confidential credit card information required by the site is not read or saved by the site but is simply passed on to PayPal or Stripe for processing via 128mb encrypted secure communications.
We also hold contact and personal information about carers, and by providing your details to Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd, the carers authorise Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd to pass on the personal information to Parents but not the contact information.
We also collect and use personal information and collective data for market research and to innovate our delivery of services. We may also provide statistical (non-personal data) to our Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd partners and advertisers about how CareforKids.com.au visitors use the website.
Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd also uses cookies to estimate CareforKids.com.au's audience size for advertisers, and to track user preferences. This helps Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd deliver a better and more personalised service. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to either notify you when you have received a cookie, or to refuse them altogether. Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd relies on cookies to preserve the CareforKids.com.au identity you have created while logged on. If you choose to not accept cookies, you cannot participate as a registered member and will not be able to access some areas of the site.
HOW DOES CARE FOR KIDS INTERNET SERVICES PTY LTD HOLD INFORMATION?
Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd stores your personal information on a cloud hosting platform provided by Microsoft Corporation. We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, interference and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd maintains physical security over paper and electronic data stores, such as through locks and security systems at our premises. We also maintain computer and network security, for example, we use firewalls (security measures for the internet) and other security systems such as user identifiers and passwords to control access to our computer systems.
Our website is HTTPS encrypted, to ensure the secure transmission of information via the internet. Users of our websites are still encouraged to exercise care in sending personal information via the internet.
We take steps to destroy or de-identify information that we no longer require.
THE PARTIES TO WHOM YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE DISCLOSED
The purposes for which we may use and disclose your personal information will depend on the services we are providing to you. We may disclose your personal information:
to Child care providers directly or through their Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems in order to enable child care providers to manage and respond to vacancy alert registrations, parent enquiries, requests to tour and waitlist requests. Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd may provide child care providers with parent details including contact details, name of child/ren and their dates of birth for this purpose.
To third parties we engage in order to provide our services.
Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd may use Application Programming Interface (API) software to send parent enquiries, request to tour, waitlists and vacancy alert registrations to CRM systems managed by Child Care Service Providers in order for those systems to manage the enquiry/request to tour, waitlist or vacancy alert request. The API software may be the property of Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd or a third party. You consent to the transmission of your information, including personal information in this way.
Personal information may also be shared between related or affiliated companies of Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd, or with companies we may have a partnership or alliance for the purposes of generating, maintaining and handling parent enquiries.
Third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal information may contact you directly to let you know they have collected your personal information and to give you information about their privacy policies.
Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd will also use and disclose personal information for a range of administrative, management and operational purposes including:
Administering billing, payments and debt recovery;
Planning, managing, monitoring and evaluating our services;
Training staff, contractors and other workers;
Risk management and management of legal liabilities and claims (e.g. liaising with insurers and legal representatives);
Responding to enquiries and complaints regarding our services;
Obtaining advice from consultants and other professional advisers;
Responding to subpoenas and other legal orders and obligations;
Or in circumstances permitted by the Privacy Act.
Direct Marketing
By providing your contact details, you consent to the receipt of direct marketing material including information about our services and promotional material from some of our partners and/or advertisers. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications, you can opt-out at any time by contacting us using the contact details below.
If you opt-out of receiving marketing material from us, Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd may still contact you in relation to its ongoing relationship with you.
WILL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION BE DISCLOSED OVERSEAS?
Your personal information will be on a cloud hosting platform which is hosted in Australia. Your personal information will not be disclosed to recipients outside Australia unless you expressly request us to do so. If you request us to transfer your personal information to an overseas recipient, the overseas recipient will not be required to comply with the Australian Privacy Principles and we will not be liable for any mishandling of your information in such circumstances.
HOW CAN YOU ACCESS OR SEEK CORRECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We endeavour to take reasonable steps to ensure that all personal information we have is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
You are entitled to access your personal information held by Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd on request, and to correct inaccurate personal information subject to certain exceptions set out in the Australian Privacy Principles.
To request access to your personal information, please contact us as set out below.
DELETION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Care for Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd takes reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information no longer needed for any purpose for which the information may be used or disclosed under the Privacy Act.
PRIVACY & SITE CHANGES
From time to time, Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd may review and update its privacy statement. Revised versions will be updated on this website.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with Care For Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd, you can contact us in the following ways:
Email: enquiries@careforkids.com.au
Telephone: (02) 9235 2807
Fax: (02) 9235 3111
Post: Care for Kids Internet Services Pty Ltd PO Box 543 Balmain NSW 2041
OTHER INFORMATION REGARDING PRIVACY
For more information about privacy issues in Australia and protecting your privacy, visit the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
This Privacy Policy was last updated in July 2020.
×
Geo-location Error
FAILED
Sorry, we couldn't locate your current position.
The reason was:
Close