http://www.northpole.com/pitch-in/privacy.asp
CLOSE X
We need your help, friend! Since 1996 Northpole.com has been making your holidays magical with loads of fun activities, including letters to Santa. This site has always been completely free, and due to the rising overhead costs every year, we have to ask for your assistance to keep Northpole.com running.
Would you pitch in $3? For less than the cost of a peppermint mocha, you can truly help. Thank you!
Help via PayPal
Pitch in $3 - $3.00 USD
Pitch in $5 - $5.00 USD
Pitch in $10 - $10.00 USD
Pitch in $25 - $25.00 USD
Pitch in $50 - $50.00 USD
Pitch in $100 - $100.00 USD
Supporter Frequently Asked Questions    •    Supporter Privacy Policy
Hello!
Sign Up  •  Log In
This Privacy Policy is updated as of November 1, 2018.
i. Introduction
Northpole Productions, LLC (“Northpole.com,” “we,” or “us”) values the privacy and security of our supporters (“you”), and we have put this privacy policy in place to protect your privacy rights. We promise to protect the privacy of our supporters, and we will not share, sell, or trade your nonpublic personal information with anyone. This document outlines important information on how we collect, use, and disclose information gathered on our website, located at www.northpole.com (the “Site”), when you financially support the Site.
Your use of the Site, as well as information provided during such use, are subject to the Northpole.com Terms of Use. By using the Site, you are consenting to the Terms of Use, and to the information collection and use practices provided in this Supporter Privacy Policy and the Site’s general Privacy Policy. The Terms of Use and both of the Privacy Policies may be updated by Northpole.com from time to time.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at privacy@northpole.com or by mail to the following address:
Northpole Productions, LLC
1300 Ridenour Blvd NW
Suite 210
Kennesaw, GA 30152
USA
ii. Information We Collect
A. User Information
When financially supporting Northpole.com, you provide certain personal information to Northpole.com, which we collect. This information may generally include the following:
Name
Email address
Address
Phone number
Amount given to Northpole.com
Correspondence between you and Northpole.com
Any other information you provide us or is routinely collected via our web server logs
B. Cookies
When you visit Northpole.com, we may send one or more cookies to your computer, or other device. These cookies are small files that enable us or others to identify your unique browser. Northpole.com uses both session cookies, which are temporary files that typically disappear when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which remains on your computer or device after your browser is closed and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. You can remove persistent cookies from your computer or device by following the directions provided in the help file of your web browser. You may also be able to reset your web browser to refuse all cookies, or to indicate when a cookie is being sent to your computer or device. Please note, however, that some features of the Site require cookies to function. Disabling your device’s ability to accept cookies could prevent these features from functioning properly.
C. Log Files
When you access Northpole.com, your computer or device sends information that may be automatically recorded by our servers. These server logs can include information such as your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, platform type, and browser type and language. Server logs can also include information on your visit to the Site, including the domain names of websites visited, landing pages, the order in which you viewed pages and the amount of time you spent on those pages, your web or app request and the date and time of that request, and one or more cookies that identify your unique browser.
iii. How We Use Your Personal Information
A. General Use
In general, Northpole.com uses the personal information you submit to track your financial support and to aid us in serving you better. This general use may include the following:
administer our financial support pages
test features
customize content
thank supporters
improve our fundraising processes and efforts
comply with tax requirements
conduct internal analyses, such as research and analytics
communicate substantive changes to this policy and related policies
report to applicable government agencies as required by law
engage in other purposes related to Northpole.com’s fundraising operations
maintain internal records
conduct survey and metric reports
B. Experience Improvement
Northpole.com uses the information you provide to improve your experience with our Site. We may store and track user information, such as usage trends and user preferences, to improve the quality, security, or design of our Site. We may also use such information to modify our fundraising efforts.
C. Cookies
Northpole.com uses session and persistent cookies, as well as log files to retain information so that users do not have to re-enter it for subsequent uses of the Site. Northpole.com may also use this technology to track and analyze the effectiveness of fundraising efforts and to track aggregate metrics such as web traffic to our Site.
D. Additional Use of Information
Northpole.com may anonymize and aggregate your personal information to create data to be used for any legitimate business purpose. By anonymizing and aggregating the information, the data collected does not personally identify you. This data may be used for legitimate reporting and research purposes.
iv. When We Disclose Your Information
A. General Use
When you give financial support to Northpole.com, you provide certain personal information with the Site. Northpole.com will not share, sell, or trade your nonpublic personal information with anyone, unless it is required by the possible scenarios detailed in sections IV. B and IV. C.
B. Necessary Disclosures
Northpole.com reserves the right to share personal information where we, in good faith, believe that such disclosure is necessary for any of the following reasons:
To enforce the Northpole.com Terms of Use
To avoid liability, damage, or harm
To investigate any valid third-party claim
To respond to any official request or court order
To comply with any applicable local, state, or Federal law or regulation
To protect the security and integrity of the Site
To protect the security, rights, and safety of Northpole.com, our users, and others
C. Additional Disclosures
There may be a disclosure of your personal information to another entity in the event that Northpole.com is involved in a merger, sale, or acquisition. Information may also be disclosed in the event that Northpole.com is involved in a reorganization, bankruptcy, or receivership where the application of law or equitable principle affecting creditors’ rights requires it, or otherwise requires a change of company control.
v. Information Security
Northpole.com is committed to protecting your privacy and the security of your personal information. We employ a variety of technologies and procedures to help ensure that your personal information is protected from any unauthorized disclosure, access, or use. While neither we, nor any organization, can guarantee the total security of information provided and processed online, Northpole.com takes specific and appropriate measures to ensure that your information is protected.
vi. Email Communications
Northpole.com may periodically send you free newsletters or other emails about products and services. At any time you may request that you stop receiving further such communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you receive. Please note that, regardless of whether you unsubscribe from marketing emails, we may send you service-related communications, including notices of updates to our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Site will serve as proof of your acceptance of such updated terms and policies.
ix. Changes and Updates to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically, which will be reflected by the “Last update posted” date above. We ask that you please revisit this page so that you remain aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Site will serve as proof of your acceptance of such updated terms and policies.
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy, please email us at privacy@northpole.com.
© 1996–2020 Northpole Productions, LLC
About
Contact
FAQs
Credits
Banners
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Support Northpole.com
Northpole.com uses cookies.
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By continuing to use our website, you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Got It.