http://www.frenchpastrychef.com/pastry/privacypolicy.shtml#Copyright
The French Pastry ChefMain Menu Main Menu (0)
~~end of category~~
Small TartsLarge TartsParfait DishesFrozen MoldedTranche CakesPetits FoursSmall CakesLarge CakesHoliday CakesSmall PastriesPate a ChouxBase FormulasViennoiserieNew BoulangerieEmpty ShellsIces-SorbetsNo Sugar Added
The Policy Page
Read below with respect to your Privacy and our Copyright Protection
Policy Page Index
Where we are.
Information Privacy
Children's Privacy Policy
External Linking Policy
Cancellations
Returns
Shipping
Copyright Protection
Where we are.
Our postal address is: P.O. Box 36491, Phoenix, Az  85067
We can be reached via e-mail at: the_chef@frenchpastrychef.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 602-690-9095
[Top]
Information Privacy:
For each visitor to
frenchpastrychef.com, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name
and IP internet address, and not the e-mail address.
We do collect only:
The domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page
The e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board.
The e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail.
We also collect aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web
page, and is not shared with other organizations for any other purposes.
We use cookies to record session information,
such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, or writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships
with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated
uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.  If our information
practices change at some time in the future we will use
these new purposes
only on data collected from the time of the policy change and forward.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have factual inaccuracies
corrected in information that we maintain about them.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption
technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with
our site. No credit card information is ever stored on our computers.
[Top]
Children's Privacy Policy
We respect the privacy of children, and do not collect any more personal
information than reasonably necessary to enable them to participate in the
activities offered at our Web site.
With respect to our online information collection practices from children under 13 years of age: We do not collect personally identifiable information.
With respect to the collection by other organizations of personal information from children at our site, our policy is this: We do not have any agreements with outside organizations to collect personal information at our site.
The information we collect from children is used for:
Fulfillment of a requested transaction and record keeping only
With respect to sharing information: We do not share children's personal
information with anyone other than those who provide support for the internal
operations of the Web site and our agents (e.g., contractors who provide fulfillment
services or technical support to the Web site).
Parental Review: Parents can review the information that we have collected
from their children online, prevent the further use or maintenance of such
information, or direct the deletion of their children's personal information
by contacting us.
[Top]
External Linking Policy
The French Pastry Chef is not liable for or supports
any information found on
related hyper linked web sites found in any version of this product. They
are placed there by mutual agreement with the owners of those
links
to provide additional information to you the user of this product.
Every attempt is made to ensure that any messages posted in the
Guestbook, Message Forum or the Free Links Page is appropriate for all visitors and relates to the Pastry-Baking nature of this site.
[Top]
Cancellations
Typically an order can be cancelled right up to the point that it enters the delivery system. Most orders are prepared for shipping within a few hours of being placed. Should you decide that you do not want to purchase The French Pastry Chef, contact should be made at once to determine if the order can be cancelled. A refund will be issued in the total amount of the purchase.
[Top]
Returns
Returns are not allowed on opened merchandise. Due to the nature of The French Pastry Chef media being that of a cookbook, once the package is opened it can only be exchanged in the event that the CD disk is defective.
Should a CD version of The French Pastry Chef be received in defect it will be replaced at no expense to you. All postage paid.
[Top]
Shipping
All products are shipped using the United States Postal System.
CD copies of The French Pastry Chef delivered within United States are sent First Class. Canada, Mexico and overseas orders are sent Air Letter Post
The Downloaded version of The French Pastry Chef is sent electronically, contained within a 18 meg byte .ZIP file
[Top]
...and Finally !
If you feel that this site is not following its stated Privacy and Security Policy, you may contact:
us at the above address or phone number
the state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau
or the state or local consumer protection office.
[Top]
Copyright Protection
Protection is provided under copyright law (title 17
of the United States Code, section 102)
The French Pastry Chef™ (hereby refered to as FPC) is a registered trademark
under license. Our trademarks, logos, web pages, images, or
other distinctive features are protected by applicable trademark, copyright,
and other intellectual property laws. If you would like to use any of our features
on your website, in an advertisement, in an article or book, or reproduce them
anywhere else, you must first receive our permission.
Information on this CD version of The French Pastry Chef™ s provided "as
is."
FPC is not responsible for
any typographical or technical
errors.Information may be changed or updated without notice on any future
versions or revisions. All the FPC
materials are presented as accurate,
informational and as up to date as possible.No claims are made or is
FPC responsible for the resulting outcome of any of the contained recipes
( i.e. recipes may not come out properly or exactly as one would wish
them to be).
This CD is produced with utmost care to ensure no harmful data could
be transferred to your computer, or any resulting damage done to files
or the contents of your computer.
FPC is not responsible for any consequential damage or associated losses that may result in misuse of this CD product.
FPC is the sole owner and author of all
web page
materials which include all material on this CD, web page texts,
personal related recipes, with detailed instructions and pastry
photographs.
FPC material may be used strictly for your
personal  library for reference only. None of this material is to
be distributed by any method whether electronically, photocopied, printed,
sold, xeroxed etc. or used for educational, or commercial use
without written permission.
FPC is not liable for or supports
any information found on
related hyper linked web sites found on this CD. They
are placed there by mutual agreement with the owners of those
links
to provide additional information to you the user of this CD.
[Top]
The domain name
frenchpastrychef.com
are registered and property of
The French Pastry Chef
To obtain information from the Webmaster click here
© by The French Pastry Chef
2000-2020 All Rights Reserved
Made in USA