http://www.integrationacres.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Integration Acres operates the www.integrationacres.com website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies.  Our policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain identifiable information. This may include your name, phone number, and email address.
Log Data
We want to inform you that we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data includes information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, and visited pages.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data and an anonymous unique identifier. Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
SECURITY AND OTHER INFORMATION
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information. As a result, we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. However, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable. We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Attention:
Shipping alert due to Covid-19:
UPS has suspended its Shipping Guarantee for all shipments; USPS has advised some shipments may take longer to arrive than usual. Dismiss