https://www.smuckers.ca/shared_documents/en/privacy_policy.html
Privacy Policy
General
Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. respects the privacy of every individual who visits our website (the "Site"). This Online Privacy Statement (the "Statement") outlines the information Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. will collect on the Site and how we will use that information. This Statement will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected, maintained or shared when you visit the Site.
If we indicate in this Statement or elsewhere in the Site that personal information is being collected, maintained, used or disclosed, it may be collected, maintained, used or disclosed by Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. through its employees, agents or duly authorized representatives.
Personal Information - How We Collect It
Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. will not collect your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address unless you provide it to us voluntarily, except as permitted or required by law. In addition to contact information, we may ask you to voluntarily provide us with information on your preferences (e.g., your favourite brand of jam), your demographic (e.g., number of people in your home), your behaviour (e.g., how often you buy jam) or your opinion.
If you do not want this information collected, please do not submit it to us. If you have already submitted this information and have changed your mind, please see the section entitled "Individual Access" below and contact us at the address or e-mail address provided in the "Who to Contact" section at the bottom of this Statement.
In some areas of the Site, you may be asked if you would like to receive certain information about our products and services that may be of interest to you. Or, you may choose to register for certain programs or services, such as becoming a member of the Smucker's Community. You may also be asked if you would like to receive information about those products and services of our sponsors and customers that may be of interest to you.
Personal information is collected in several areas of the Site, including: registration form for the Smucker's Community; registration form for contests; questionnaires or surveys; and the "Who to Contact" section.
Personal Information - How We Use It
When you do provide us with personal information, we may use that information in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: we may store and process that information to administer this Site; to better understand your needs and preferences and how we can improve our products and services; and, we may use the information to tailor our Site to suit your interests or to contact you and respond to your requests for information, products or services.
If you choose to receive information about our products and services or register for a program or service, we will use your personal information for these purposes. If you choose to receive information about products and services of our sponsors and customers, Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. will disclose to its sponsors and customers aggregated, anonymous data, and not your personal information. Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. will not sell or otherwise disclose your personal information to third parties.
Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. will only keep your information as long as needed. Also, Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. will keep the information accurate and complete, where possible.
You may receive communications from Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. If you voluntarily choose to receive information about our products and services, then you may receive e-mail newsletters and other information from Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. If you voluntarily choose to receive information from our sponsors or customers, then you may receive information from our sponsors or customers. In either situation, you may choose to receive or not receive this information. Further, if you choose to send an inquiry to Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. via the "Who to Contact" section, Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. may respond to your inquiry via e-mail, telephone, mail or fax.
Children
This Site is not directed at children, and Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. has no intention of collecting any personal information from individuals under the age of majority in their jurisdiction or, in the United States, under thirteen years of age. Where appropriate, Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on our Site. If a child has provided us with personally-identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us at 1-800-268-3232 (English) or 1-800-363-2756 (French) from 8:00 am to 7:00 pm (Eastern Time), Monday to Friday, or use the "contact us" e-mail link to request that this information be deleted from our records. We will use reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our existing files.
Other Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, we may collect information automatically that is not generally personally-identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, the domain name of the website from which you linked to the Site, parts of the Site that you visit during your time on the Site.
However, we also collect and use your Internet protocol (IP) address, which is a set of numbers that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you log on to your internet service provider or through your company's local area network (LAN) or wide area network (WAN). When you view a web page, the web server automatically identifies your computer by the IP address assigned to it during your session online. We may store and use the IP address and other automatically collected information for the purposes of administering our Site and auditing the use of our Site. We do not link this information to your personal information.
This information is aggregated to form anonymous statistical user data, which we may store, use and disclose to Smucker Foods of Canada Corp.'s related companies or affiliates or third party advertisers or suppliers for the purposes of administering the Site, to better understand our customers' needs and preferences, to improve our products and services and to provide advertising on the Site.
Information We May Place Automatically On Your Computer's Hard Drive
If you register on the Site, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "Cookie" or similar file and will help us in many ways. For example, it allows us to tailor the Site to better match your interests and preferences and provide you with the requested product or service, and respond to your request for information in your registration form. If Cookies are disabled in your browser you will be unable to access those areas of the Site to which registration is required (e.g., the Smucker's Community).
You may choose not to use Cookies at any time after you have registered by selecting the "NO" option in question 2 of "Edit My Profile." Or, with most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. If, after registration, you disable Cookies, you will have to log-in each time you visit the Site.
Links to Third Party Websites
This Site may contain links to third party websites or third party websites may have linked to this Site. Since Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. has no control over third party websites, we suggest you review the privacy statements of those third party websites. This Statement will not apply to those websites.
Individual Information Management
If you have submitted personal information through this Site and would like to correct, amend or have that information deleted from our records, please see our "Who to Contact" section below. We will use reasonable efforts to handle all requests in a timely manner. We will also make appropriate efforts to verify your identity prior to providing you with access to your personal information. We may require you to provide personal information for this purpose, but we will not use that information for any other purpose.
Subject to certain legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as indicated below. We will explain to you any options and consequences resulting from your decision to refuse or withdraw consent.
Who to Contact
If you have any questions or comments about this Statement, please contact us for our e-mail and street address. In your inquiry, please state that your message be directed to the Chief Privacy Officer. Please note that any information you send via e-mail, including your e-mail address, is traveling over public Internet and may not be safe.
Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. reserves the right to amend this Statement from time to time, so please visit this page periodically.
Copyright® 2014 Smucker Foods of Canada Corp. All rights reserved. Version 2.0 June 1, 2014