http://www.kitchenaid.com/return-policy.html
Skip to main content
Create Your Account
To purchase a water filter subscription, you must create an account or sign in to your existing account.
Your account allows you to track order history and provides for faster, easier purchasing and customer assistance.
Once your account is created, you will be returned to checkout to complete your purchase.
Sign In
*
Required Information
Generic form submit error message if an error response is not returned or is empty but an error has occurred. Link Example
* Email Address:
* Password:
Forgot Password?
SIGN IN
or
Sign in with Google
Icons/facebook
Created with Sketch.
Sign in with Facebook
Create an Account
Create Your Account
To purchase a water filter subscription, you must create an account or sign in to your existing account.
Your account allows you to track order history and provides for faster, easier purchasing and customer assistance.
Once your account is created, you will be returned to checkout to complete your purchase.
Complete Your Account
KitchenAid will be using the following information we gathered from the external platform you selected to create your account.
Yes, I'd like to receive occasional special offers, promotions, or other e-mail marketing communications from KitchenAid and its affiliated brands. For more information about our privacy practices and a list of affiliated brands, please read out /content/kitchenaid/en_us/resources/privacy-policy.html.
I agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Notice. For more information about our privacy practices and a list of affiliated brands, please read out Privacy Notice.
Create an Account
Trigger Modal
Session Time Out
Your session is about to expire.
Continue Shopping
Session Timed Out
Your session has expired.
Continue Shopping
Icon/Success
Added to Cart
Avatar/Fill - Default
Unable to Add
Delivery & Installation Options
RETURN POLICY
MEETING A STANDARD OF EXCELLENCE
Your products are your tools. Every detail, designed for making. If something isn't right, we're here to help.
RETURN POLICY & CANCELLATIONS
MEETING A STANDARD OF EXCELLENCE
Your products are your tools. Every detail, designed for making. If something isn't right, we're here to help.
Countertop Appliances, Kitchenware & Kitchen Tools
Major Appliances
Parts & Accessories
HOW RETURNS WORK
Our team is happy to help with returns for products you purchased through KitchenAid.com. Simply call 1 (800) 422-1230 for major appliances and major appliance parts & accessories, 1 (800) 541-6390 for countertop appliances, kitchenware or kitchen tools, 1 (800) 442-9991 for water filters, or 1 (800) 643-0961 for appliance cleaners. Have your order number or product serial number handy and we can help you through the process.
NOTE: We only accept returns for products purchased directly from Kitchenaid.com. If you purchased a product at another retailer, please contact that retailer regarding your return.
COUNTERTOP APPLIANCES, KITCHENWARE & KITCHEN TOOLS
Extended Holiday Returns
Items ordered between November 11, 2020 and December 31, 2020 may be returned through January 31, 2021 for a full refund of your product purchase price or replacement. Return shipping is FREE, except for parts and accessories.
Please call our returns team at 1 (800) 541-6390 to initiate a return and obtain a prepaid shipping label which you may use to send the item back to us in new condition. Free return shipping is only available for U.S. consumers who directly call this number.
Once we validate the returned items have arrived, your return will be processed. Accounts will be credited within 7-10 business days once items are received and processed. Due to the impact of COVID-19, there may be a delay in the processing of your return.
Personalized orders made specially for you, such as engraved products; discontinued and refurbished products; free gifts and gift wrap services are non-returnable and non-refundable, except where the product was defective when delivered or as permitted by the product's warranty.
Returns within 30 Calendar Days
You may return items in new condition purchased on KitchenAid.com within 30 days from shipment for a full refund of your product purchase price or a replacement product. Return shipping is FREE, except for parts and accessories.
Please call our returns team at 1 (800) 541-6390 to initiate a return and obtain a prepaid shipping label which you may use to send the item back to us in new condition. Free return shipping is only available for U.S. consumers who directly call this number.
Once we validate the returned items have arrived, your return will be processed. Accounts will be credited within 7-10 business days once items are received and processed. Due to the impact of COVID-19, there may be a delay in the processing of your return.
Personalized orders made specially for you, such as engraved products; discontinued and refurbished products; free gifts and gift wrap services are non-returnable and non-refundable, except where the product was defective when delivered or as permitted by the product's warranty.
Returns after 30 Calendar Days
If the 30-day return window has passed, and your product is still under warranty, call us for warranty service or to schedule a repair. Fees may apply.
Not happy for any reason? Call us at 1 (800) 541-6390 so we better understand how to help your situation.
MAJOR APPLIANCE
Returns within 5 Business Days - No return fees
Not happy with your new product? No matter the reason, it's no problem. Request your return within 5 business days from the date of delivery for a product refund of products that are in new condition. Simply call 1 (800) 422-1230 with your order number or product serial number handy.
Delivery, shipping and service fees will not be refunded
Returns within 30 Calendar Days
>>Products Damaged Upon Delivery
If you notice your product was delivered damaged, you can request a return, exchange or repair within 30 calendar days by calling us at 1 (800) 422-1230.
For an exchange, you will not be charged any additional delivery, shipping or service fees. Depending on the new item’s price difference, you’ll receive a credit or charge to the credit card used to purchase the original product.
For a return, you will receive a product refund, but delivery, shipping and service fees will not be refunded. Please call us to discuss the nature of the damage and confirm that you qualify for the product refund.
If you’re interested in a repair, just call the same number to schedule service.
>>Major Appliance Returns for Any Other Reason
If you're not happy with your product for any other reason, you have up to 30 calendar days to request a return. An additional restocking fee of 15% of the product cost will be applied, with a $50 minimum. Original delivery, shipping and service fees will not be refunded. Please call us at 1 (800) 422-1230 to arrange for the return.
NOTE: If you're returning a product from Hawaii, your return will only be subject to a flat $50 restocking fee.
Returns after 30 Calendar Days
If the 30-day return window has passed, and your product is still under warranty, call us for warranty service or to schedule a repair. Fees may apply.
Not happy for any reason? Call us at 1 (800) 422-1230 so we better understand how to help your situation.
PARTS & ACCESSORIES
>>Returns for Major Appliance Parts & Accessories
Get a refund when you request your return within 30 calendar days after the date of delivery.
Simply call 1 (800) 422-1230 with your order number or product serial number handy and we can provide you with available options. For some products, we may be able to help arrange return shipping. Most often, we will ask you to ship the product back using a method that provides a tracking number. Original shipping and handling and return postage charges will not be refunded.
>>Returns for Yummly® Smart Thermometer
Within 30 Calendar Days
You may return your Smart Thermometer within 30 days of purchase for a full refund of your product purchase price or a replacement product. Return shipping is FREE. Please call us at 1 (866) 698-2538 to initiate a return and obtain a prepaid shipping label which you may use to send the item back to us in new condition. Free return shipping is only available for U.S. consumers who directly call this number. Once we validate the returned items have arrived, you will receive a confirmation email and your return will be processed. Accounts will be credited within 7-10 business days once items are received and processed. Original delivery, shipping and service fees will not be refunded.
After 30 Calendar Days
If the 30-day return window has passed, and your product is still under warranty, call us for warranty service or to schedule a repair. Fees may apply.
Not happy for any reason? Call us at 1 (866) 698-2538 so we better understand how to help your situation.
>>Returns for Water Filters
For returns and refunds call 1-800-442-9991 Monday – Friday, 8am – 8pm (ET). Your product(s) may be returned within 30 days from the date of shipment. The product(s) must be in unused condition and in original packaging material. You are responsible for return shipping & handling charges. Returns can only be made using UPS shipping services. Original shipping and handling and return postage charges will not be refunded.
If you need to return your merchandise for any reason, repack your product(s) in the original packing materials. Call 1-800-442-9991 (Monday – Friday, 8am – 8pm ET) to secure a Return Authorization.
>>Returns for Countertop Appliance Parts & Accessories
Fill out the return section of your order’s packaging slip. Please complete and include the return form for all refunds and exchanges. You will need the product item number and your reason for return. Send the item back to us in new condition, along with your Product Returns Form to the address below:
KitchenAid
Attn: Returns/Internet Orders
1701 KitchenAid Way
Dock 10
Greenville, OH 45331
Original shipping and handling and return postage charges will not be refunded. Send your package using a method that provides a tracking number (FedEx or UPS). We are not responsible if there is no proof the product was delivered to us.
Once we validate the returned items have arrived, your return will be processed. Accounts will be credited within 7-10 business days once items are received and processed. Due to the impact of COVID-19, there may be a delay in the processing of your return.
WHAT TO EXPECT
Once your product has been received by us, please allow approximately two weeks to process your refund, less any return fees or adjustments. Refunds will be issued to the card used for your purchase. If you have not received your refund after two weeks, please contact us at 1 (800) 422-1230 for major appliances and major appliance parts & accessories, or 1 (800) 541-6390 for countertop appliances, kitchenware or kitchen tools, 1 (800) 541-6390 for water filters, or 1 (800) 643-0961 for appliance cleaners.
We have the right to refuse refunds or exchanges that do not comply with our Returns Policy.
CANCELLATIONS
You can cancel an order as long as we have not started the shipping or delivery process. To cancel an order, please call us at the numbers listed above with your order number handy. We will refund your product purchase price as well as delivery, shipping, and service fees. If canceling an item within an order means your order is no longer eligible for a discount or promotion, we will recalculate your total purchase price and apply applicable charges to your selected payment method.
If we have started the shipping or delivery process, you will need to initiate a return by following our return policy.
You can check your order status at https://www.kitchenaid.com/track-my-order.html
QUESTIONS?
Contact us for support to find the answers you're looking for.
QUESTIONS?
Contact us for support to find the answers you’re looking for.
Major AppliancesChat live with an expert or call1 (800) 422-1230
Monday–Tuesday: 8:00 a.m.–8:00 p.m. EST
Wednesday–Friday: 9:00 a.m.–7:00 p.m. EST
Saturday: 8:00 a.m.–4:30 p.m. EST
Countertop Appliances, Kitchenware or Kitchen ToolsChat live with an expert or call 1 (800) 541-6390
Monday–Tuesday: 8:00 a.m.–8:00 p.m. EST
Wednesday–Friday: 9:00 a.m.–7:00 p.m. EST
ADDITIONAL CUSTOMER CARE
Item added to the compare list, you can find it at the end of this page
Comparing 0 Items
COMPARE
Remove All
Unable to Add
Added to Cart
Confirm Cart
Model:
Color:
Quantity:
Subscribe to Receive
:
Total Price
Proceed to Cart
CONTINUE SHOPPING
VIEW PRODUCT DETAILS
CONTINUE SHOPPING