https://www.dotcomwomen.com/privacy-policy-terms-of-use-and-disclaimer/
Skip to content
DotComWomen.com
Privacy Policy, Terms of Use and Disclaimer
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please review these Terms and Conditions of Service (Terms of Service) of the ‘Dot Com Women’ website (the Web Site). You are welcome to browse the Web Site but remember that your access to and use of this Web Site is subject to your acceptance of the Terms of Service and to all applicable laws.
Disclaimer & Limitation of Liability
The Web Site is provided for your use on an as is basis. Dot Com Women makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the Web Site or as to the information, content, materials, or products included on this Web Site. Dot Com Women uses its best efforts to maintain the Web Site but is not responsible for the results of any defects that exist in the Web Site, any outages, interruptions, viruses or other harmful components. You should not assume that the Web Site or its content is error free or that it will be suitable for the particular purpose that you have in mind when using it. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, Dot Com Women DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Dot Com Women WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS WEB SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFITS, WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR NOT, OCCASIONED BY USE OF THIS WEB SITE, ANY FAILURE BY Dot Com Women TO PROVIDE ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE WEB SITE, OR ANY OTHER CAUSE WHATSOEVER.
Dot Com Women may, in its sole discretion and at any time, modify or discontinue the Web Site; limit, terminate or suspend a user’s use of or access to the Web Site; refuse to post, modify and post or take down information, content, materials or other offerings submitted to by users of the Web Site for posting and/or make changes to these Terms of Service.
Because certain jurisdictions to which these Terms of Service may be subject do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may be held to be inapplicable in those jurisdictions. In the event the foregoing limitation of liability is held to be unenforceable for any reason, then Dot Com Women’s maximum liability for any of the foregoing types of damages shall be limited to $50.00.
Copyright & Trademarks
Unless otherwise indicated, the documents and information, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, icons, logos, buttons and images, on this Web Site are copyrighted materials of, and owned and controlled by, Dot Com Women or the party credited as the provider of the content. Reproduction or storage of documents and information from this Web Site is subject to the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, Title 17 U.S.C., and international copyright laws. All software used on this Web Site is the property of Dot Com Women or its software suppliers and is subject to U.S. and international copyright law. You may not modify, decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Web Site. You may not reproduce, modify, distribute, transmit, republish, display or perform any of the content of this Web Site unless expressly permitted by Dot Com Women and then only for the limited purpose stated, provided that you preserve every copyright and other notice contained therein.
Dot Com Women, the Dot Com Women logo [other marks] and the slogan ‘Your guide to Dot Com Women in style’ are trademarks of Dot Com Women. This Web Site contains many third-party trademarks and service marks of participating agents. All marks are the property of their respective holders.
Third Party Content
This Web Site provides content, hyperlinks and references to web sites of third-parties, including, but not limited to resource boxes, url listings and hyperlinks of Dot Com Women members, freelance writers, advertisers and others not controlled by Dot Com Women. Dot Com Women neither endorses nor is responsible for the availability, accuracy, currency or reliability of any information, statement, opinion or advice contained in such a third party’s Web Site or material. Under no circumstances will Dot Com Women be liable for any loss or damage caused by reliance on information obtained through a third party Web Site. Nothing on the Web Site shall be deemed to be a recommendation of any third-party or to constitute any representation as to a third-party’s qualifications, services, products, offerings, information or any other content.
Who May Use?
All men, women and kids may use this Web Site for their personal, and commercial use in order to seek business information and opportunities for themselves. The content of the website, however, should not be used to earn commercial profit as it is copyrighted.
User Guidelines
To continue the website for the benefit of its members, we request members to follow the User Guidelines.
Legal Compliance & Posting Limitations– Users must use the Web Site in accordance with all applicable international, federal, state and local law and may not post or transmit anything that would give rise to any civil or criminal liability for any party or otherwise violate any law. Users may not post or transmit anything that violates the copyright, privacy, confidentiality, publicity or intellectual property rights of any person or that reveals any information that should be known to the user to be confidential or a proprietary. Users may not post or transmit anything that is false, misleading, defamatory, obscene, indecent, threatening, harassing, harmful or that could constitute an incitement to unlawful conduct.
Use of Content– Users are forbidden to sell, trade or distribute the contents of the Web Site or any data obtained from the Web Site to anyone. Articles which carry a byline of the author may be reprinted after obtaining permission from them and providing them a link at the end of the article. Articles without any byline are by the Dot Com Women team and created exclusively for use on this website. They shall not be reproduced using any form of media without our express permission.
Integrity of the Web Site and its Content– Users may not use, post or transmit any device, software, routine, virus, spam, mass e-mail, commercial material, corrupted data or otherwise attempt to or intend to interfere with or damage the proper working of this Web Site or any activity conducted on this Web Site or to damage or intercept any data or information on the Web Site. Users may not delete or revise any material posted by another user. Users may not delete or revise any material, including, but not limited to, legal notices, posted by Dot Com Women. Users may not violate or attempt to violate the security, efficiency, reliability, or integrity of the Web Site or its content in any way, including, without limitation, by accessing data, servers or accounts for which user’s password is not authorized, forging TCP/IP packet headers or payloads or accessing or attempting to access parts of the Web Site restricted to user access.
Grant of Rights
By uploading/posting any content to the Web Site, user automatically grants Dot Com Women the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable right and license to use, reproduce and modify (to the extent necessary to meet the requirements of the Web Site), adapt, publish, distribute, translate, create derivative works in any form, media or technology now known or later developed, without restriction or compensation. User waives all so-called moral rights in the posted content. Dot Com Women and its agents and designees shall have the right, but not the obligation, in their sole discretion, to edit, refuse to post, or to remove any content posted by a user to the Web Site.
Indemnification
User agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dot Com Women, its officers, directors, staff, employees and agents against and from any third party claims, actions, damages or demands, including but not limited to, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from user’s use or misuse of this Web Site, violation of these Terms, or any activities related to the Web Site, or from user’s violations of the rights of any other user of this Web Site. Use of this Web Site is at user’s own risk.
PRIVACY POLICY
We, at Celebrating-Dot Com Women, respect your privacy! Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed. Any information you give to Dot Com Women will be secure and private, and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to.
Dot Com Women collects personally identifying information only during (a) a contest or Registration, (b) a subscription or Registration for services that require subscription, and (c) online shopping. In addition, Registration is required and information is collected in certain sections of our site in which guests provide content submissions and suggestions or participate in interactive online activities. Dot Com Women may use such information to award prizes, track compliance with our Terms and Conditions, or for editorial and feedback purposes (to the extent that it is explained when guests provide the information).
Personal information you provide to Dot Com Women will not be disclosed in whole or in part to any third parties, with the exception that Dot Com Women may be obligated to disclose user information to comply with applicable local, state and federal laws, in cooperation with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities, or in legal proceedings where such information is relevant. In addition, Dot Com Women may release such information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with law, (b) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (c) protect the rights, property or safety of Dot Com Women, our users or others.
It is our policy not to sell, rent, or loan any of your personally identifiable information to any third party or outside affiliate. We may choose to do so in the future with trustworthy third parties, but you can tell us not to by sending a blank e-mail message to never@Dot Com Women. (If you use more than one e-mail address to shop with us, send us this message from each e-mail account you use.) We may share aggregate user information that does not identify individual users with our reputable business partners, advertisers, and sponsors. In this scenario we might share information with a partner that X percent of men and Y percent of women use a particular service at Dot Com Women. Again, this is done using non-personal and non-identifiable information.
Policies for Individuals Under 13
Dot Com Women encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the interactive activities offered on our site.
No information should be submitted to or posted at Dot Com Women by guests under 13 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian. Unless otherwise disclosed during collection, Dot Com Women does not provide any personally identifying information, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever. We may share aggregate user information that does not identify individual users with our reputable business partners, advertisers, and sponsors. Again, this is done using non-personal and non-identifiable information.
Links to Other Sites
Users should be aware that when you are on Dot Com Women you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from Dot Com Women that take you outside our site. For example, if you click on a banner the click takes you off Dot Com Women. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors, and partners that may use Dot Com Women’s logo as part of a co-branding or sponsorship agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you end up while browsing.
About IP Addresses
Dot Com Women collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. An IP address is a number that’s automatically assigned to your computer whenever you’re surfing the Web. Web servers — the big computers that “serve” up Web pages — automatically identify your computer by its IP address.
When guests request pages from Dot Com Women, our servers log the guests’ IP addresses. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user’s session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us.
Use of Cookies – Dot Com Women Cookies Policy
Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences while you’re at our site. The use of cookies is an industry standard — you’ll find them at most major Web sites. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information.
By showing how and when guests use the site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies.
Opting Out
To keep you in control of your personal information and the communications directed to you, we allow you to opt-out of the Ezines and Newsletters at any time. You can do so by clicking on the ‘Unsubscribe’ link in all our mailings.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this site, you signify your consent to the Dot Com Women Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the Dot Com Women site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Notify me of new posts by email.