http://www.profam.com/privacy.asp
Term Life Insurance
Get a Quote!
Home
Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
Note: From here forth, "we", "our", "ours" refers to Profam.com.
Profam.com respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use this web site. Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your permission, as explained in this privacy policy.
Information Gathered By Web Server
Our web server tracks basic information about our visitors. Information such as, IP addresses, browser details, screen resolution details, timestamps, referring pages and sites. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked
for administration and maintenance purposes.
Cookies
As of this writing (January 1st, 2011), Profam.com does not automatically set cookies on a visitor's computer.
Links to third-party sites
We link to other sites that provide information, insurance quotes, and general financial information. Profam.com has no control over the offers, claims, and content the sites we may link to contain. When in doubt about any financial related issues, contact a financial professional.
What Information Do We Collect?
Profam.com does not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, email, physical address, etc.), except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information - for example, when completing an insurance quote form. Your information may be shared with partners of
ours in an attempt to provide you with the most accurate information possible. If you do not want your information to be shared, simply leave all individually identifiable information form fields empty. Please note that by doing so, we may not be able to provide you with an accurate quote
(by phone or by email).
What Happens When You Request a Life Insurance Quote on This Site
We are not insurance agents, we simply connect you with insurance agents or brokers. Make sure to do your due diligence when entering into a financial transaction with anyone that contacts you due to information obtained from a form you have completed on this site.
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
By using our web site (Profam.com), you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy. We may decide to change this Privacy Policy at any time. It is your responsibility to refer back to this page for the latest version.
When in doubt about any financial related issues, contact a financial professional.
Copyright © 2020 - Profam.com - All Rights Reserved