https://www.adkinsarboretum.org/about_us/privacy_policy.html
About
Offerings
Mission
History
Press Room
Recent News
Newsletter
Archives
Staff & Trustees
FAQ
Financial Statements
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the excellent service with the highest level of integrity in dealing with users of our website. The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, ethical practices, and our users' needs.
What information do we collect?
When you visit our website, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our site.
Personal information you choose to provide
We may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your email and mailing addresses, home or work telephone number, and other personal information for such purposes as correspondence, completing an application or referral, placing an order, or participating in online surveys.
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide protections for these electronic communications that ensure that your information is secure.
Website use information
Similar to other websites, our site may use a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What are cookies?") and web server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our site, and the websites visited just before and just after our website. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
How do we use the information that you provide to us?
We use personal information primarily for three purposes: to provide services, to accept gifts, and to notify individuals about important changes to our website. Individuals will only be contacted for the purposes that they specify when giving us their personal information. All correspondence and tracking of personal information is designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our contacts' personal information. You are allowed at any time to notify us of your desire not to receive further correspondence.
What are cookies?
Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's web browser on the user's hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that website by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from web page to web page and to complete forms where personal information is requested over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
How do we use information we collect from cookies?
We use website browser software tools such as cookies and web server logs to gather information about our website users' browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our website and better serve our community. This information assists us in designing and arranging our web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our website to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers.
Cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics. The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our website as they move from one page to another. Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our website and evaluate our site's visitor capacity. We do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information about you.
Notice of new services and changes
Occasionally, we may use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services. and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our client, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by clicking on a response box when you receive such an offer or by sending us an email request.
How do we secure information transmissions?
When you send confidential personal credit card information to us via our website, a secure server software encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. The information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our website.
Other email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. For that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as Social Security or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
How do we protect your information?
Information security. We use encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
Evaluation of Information Protection Practices. Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality, and quality of our information.
Employee Access, Training and Expectations. Our corporate values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of customer information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
How can you access and correct your information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing us at info@adkinsarboretum.org.
Do we disclose information to outside parties?
We may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, website traffic patterns, and related website information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.
What about legally compelled disclosure of information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so—in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Permission to use of materials
The right to download and store or output the materials on our site is granted for the user's personal use only, and materials may not be reproduced in any edited form. Any other reproduction, transmission, performance, display, or editing of these materials by any means mechanical or electronic without the express written permission of the Company is strictly prohibited. Users wishing to obtain permission to reprint or reproduce any materials appearing on this site may contact us directly.