http://www.smileys-childcare.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Smileys Childcare Agency
0845 201 1630
enquiries@smileys-childcare.co.uk
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Smileys Childcare Agency Ltd uses and protects any information that you give Smileys Childcare Agency Ltd when you use this website.
Smileys is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. This policy may change from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Who are Smileys Childcare Agency Ltd?
Smileys Childcare Agency Ltd is a recruitment introduction and placement agency which provides work-finding services to you, our clients and child carers. Based at Assembly House, 34-38 Broadway, Maidenhead, Berkshire, SL6 1LU. You may contact us for more information via our website contact page.
We may collect the following information about you:
Name, address and contact details
Date of birth
CV and work history
Qualifications
Passport, DBS, dependents, driving licence, Ofsted, right to work (Visa/permits)
Reference information
Salary and benefits
Application history
National insurance number
Sensitive personal data (subsequently obtained post contact with you):
Health and disability related information
Criminal convictions
Ethnicity
Source of the personal data
The Company has sourced your personal data and/or sensitive personal data by one of the following means:
Online CV sourcing job boards.
LinkedIn and other social media channels.
Applications received via a variety of advertising tools we use to publish vacancies
Our Smileys website
This information did come from a publicly accessible sources.
Collection and use of personal data
A. Purpose of processing and legal basis
Smileys will collect your personal data (which may include sensitive personal data) and will process your personal data for the purposes of providing you with childcare recruitment services. The legal bases we rely upon to offer these services to you are:
1) Consent, where we ask you specific questions about processing your data;
2) Contractual obligation under our terms and conditions, ie we cannot perform the contract with you unless we process your data;
3) In rare cases, a legal obligation (where we are required to pass on details to a regulatory authority such as Ofsted, or DBS clearance; and
4) Legitimate interest, personal data is held and processed on the lawful basis that such action is in the Legitimate Interest of the company in pursuing the purposes described.
B. Recipients of data
Smileys will process and share your personal data and/or sensitive personal data with the following recipients:
1) Clients of Smileys: for example parents and nurseries who are looking for child carers.
2) Child carers of Smileys: if you are a client of Smileys and you are looking for a nanny, then we will have to share details of your job with our child carers in order to find the best one for you.
3) All our information is kept on our database. Our database company are required to abide by UK Data Protection Laws, and are fully committed to full compliance with the GDPR.
4) Job boards: Smileys uses a number of job boards to advertise jobs and to search for child carers.
5) Regulatory Authorities: if we are required to do so, we may have to share your data with Ofsted, DBS clearance or equivalent.
C. Contractual requirement
Your personal data is required to enable us to fulfil our obligations under our Terms and Conditions with you. We cannot offer or provide our childcare recruitment services without having to take your data, process it and share it. You are obliged to provide the personal data under the contractual terms with Smileys but if you choose not to provide the data, we cannot perform any childcare requirement services for you, or provide information on our current vacancies. That means we cannot find you a job, for example, or find you a nanny.
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services. We may periodically send promotional emails, SMS messages, or call you directly about new products, special offers, new vacancies or other information which we think you may find interesting using the details which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, or SMS text. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Where do we store your personal data?
All our information is kept on our database. Our, UK based, database company, Invenias are required to abide by UK Data Protection Laws, and are fully committed to full compliance with the GDPR.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
The transmission of information via the internet is not always completely secure. Although we will do our upmost to protect your data, we cannot guarantee the security of any data transmitted to through our website, and any transmission is done so at your own risk.
Once your information has been received by us, we will use secure processes to try to prevent an access by unauthorised parties. Most of the digital information we gather is stored in offline systems, though we may use a secure 3rd party cloud storage specialist to back up our data as part of our Disaster Recovery Plan. We may also use a specialist 3rd party application to manage our email communications. Any data in paper format is stored to the standards set out by the ICO.
We have suitable processes in place to safeguard your information.
Data Retention
Smileys Childcare Agency Ltd will retain your personal data only for as long as is necessary. Different laws require us to keep different data for different periods of time.
The Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2003, require us to keep work-seeker records for at least one year from (a) the date of their creation or (b) after the date on which we last provide you with work-finding services.
Other than the timescales listed above, and if you have registered with Smileys, Smileys will retain your data for 6 yearsfrom the time when your registration with Smileys is no longer active. This means, for example, if you are a client, your data will be retained for 6 years from when we have found and placed a nanny with you and you no longer require our childcare recruitment services (which means we make your registration with Smileys inactive). Or if you are a child carer, 6 years from when you have indicated that you are no longer looking for work and your registration with Smileys becomes inactive. 6 years is the time scale within which a client or child carer of Smileys can bring a contractual claim against Smileys.  We will contact you before the 6 years comes up to check that you are happy for us to delete your data. If you wish us to keep your data for longer, then you can let us know when we contact you. In any case, you have a legal right to ask us to delete your data at any time by contacting us.
If there is any safeguarding issue, or safeguarding allegation, we are obliged to keep your data indefinitely.
Recruitment within Smileys Childcare Agency Ltd
Smileys may collect your personal details if you apply for work within the Company. This includes, but is not limited to, your name and contact details in addition to other information provided on your CV and a registration form submitted. Your personal data will not be shared with any other organisation unless we inform you of this beforehand, for example seeking references post an offer of employment.
Overseas
If you are a child carer looking for overseas nanny positions, Smileys may transfer your data to client families who live outside the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) for the purposes of providing you with overseas work. This would be necessary for the performance of the contract between you and Smileys to find you nanny work where you have specified that you wish to work overseas.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Cookies in use on this site
Google Analytics
We use this to understand how the Site is being used and accessed to improve the user experience – user data is all anonymous. Google stores the information collected by the cookies on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Any information generated by these cookies will be used in accordance with  this Cookie Policy and Google’s privacy policy and cookie policy.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email:  enquiries@smileys-childcare.co.uk
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible, at the above email address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Last updated: 25th May 2018