http://www.volcanicacoffee.com/policies/terms-of-service
Terms of service
Conditions of use, notices and disclaimers
When you use this Web site or buy gourmet coffee online, you are automatically agreeing that both your access to the site and your use of it are:
Subject to the terms and conditions in this legal notice, which may change at any time without notice.
Subject to all applicable laws.
Undertaken at your own risk.
Please refer to this page frequently to review our current terms and conditions of use.
Copyright The following elements of this Web site are the property of Volcanica Coffee or our suppliers and are protected by United States and international copyright laws:
All text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, and data compilations -- both individually and as they are compiled on the site.
All software.
Trademarks The trademarks or trade dress of Volcanica Coffee and our partners may not be used without our written permission. Trademarks or trade dress include the Volcanica Coffee name and logo, and other graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names of Volcanica Coffee products, services, and programs, and those of our partners.
All other trademarks that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by us or our partners.
Use You have permission to electronically copy and print hard copies of pages from this Web site solely for personal, non-commercial purposes related to placing an order or to buy gourmet coffee online with VolcanicaCoffee.com. Unless we give you written permission in advance, any other use of this Web site, its content and its information, including linking or framing to this Web site, are strictly prohibited.
Errors and inaccuracies Our goal is to provide complete, accurate, up-to-date information on our Web site. Unfortunately, it is not possible to ensure that any Web site is completely free of human or technological errors. This site may contain typographical mistakes, inaccuracies, or omissions, some of which may relate to pricing and availability, and some information may not be complete or current. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions -- including after an order has been submitted -- and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
No confidentiality Except for information necessary to place an order, we do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets through this Web site. Any information, materials, suggestions, ideas or comments sent to us will be deemed non-confidential, and by submitting it, you are granting us an irrevocable and unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute it for any purpose whatsoever, with no payment or other compensation to you. However, we will not use your name unless we are required by law to identify the source of the materials, information, suggestions, ideas or comments, or unless we first obtain your permission.
Disclaimer of liability We make no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, with respect to this Web site, its content, or the information available on or through it; they are provided "as is," with all faults. Except as otherwise provided under applicable laws, we and our corporate partners, and the directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors and assigns of each, will not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to the use of this Web site or any other Web site linked to it. This limitation of liability applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for lost profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information, even if we are notified in advance of the potential for any such damages.
Applicable law By visiting this Web site, or if you buy gourmet coffee online, you agree that the laws of the state of Georgia, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and us or any of our partners.
Disputes Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to our Web site or to products purchased here shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Atlanta, Georgia. However, if you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Georgia. You consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Any arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the prevailing rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration with respect to this Web site or to products purchased here shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
Protecting your information As part of our ongoing commitment to ensure that your shopping experience with VolcanicaCoffee.com is protected, Volcanica Coffee, Inc. will prosecute all unauthorized or fraudulent transactions to the fullest extent allowed by law.
SMS/MMS MOBILE MESSAGE MARKETING PROGRAM TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Volcanica Coffee (hereinafter, “We,” “Us,” “Our”) is offering a mobile messaging program (the “Program”), which you agree to use and participate in subject to these Mobile Messaging Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy (the “Agreement”). By opting in to or participating in any of our Programs, you accept and agree to these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, your agreement to resolve any disputes with us through binding, individual-only arbitration, as detailed in the “Dispute Resolution” section below. This Agreement is limited to the Program and is not intended to modify other Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy that may govern the relationship between you and Us in other contexts.
User Opt In: The Program allows Users to receive SMS/MMS mobile messages by affirmatively opting into the Program, such as through online or application-based enrollment forms. Regardless of the opt-in method you utilized to join the Program, you agree that this Agreement applies to your participation in the Program. By participating in the Program, you agree to receive autodialed or prerecorded marketing mobile messages at the phone number associated with your opt-in, and you understand that consent is not required to make any purchase from Us. While you consent to receive messages sent using an autodialer, the foregoing shall not be interpreted to suggest or imply that any or all of Our mobile messages are sent using an automatic telephone dialing system (“ATDS” or “autodialer”). Message and data rates may apply.
User Opt Out: If you do not wish to continue participating in the Program or no longer agree to this Agreement, you agree to reply STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE, or QUIT to any mobile message from Us in order to opt out of the Program. You may receive an additional mobile message confirming your decision to opt out. You understand and agree that the foregoing options are the only reasonable methods of opting out. You also understand and agree that any other method of opting out, including, but not limited to, texting words other than those set forth above or verbally requesting one of our employees to remove you from our list, is not a reasonable means of opting out.
Duty to Notify and Indemnify: If at any time you intend to stop using the mobile telephone number that has been used to subscribe to the Program, including canceling your service plan or selling or transferring the phone number to another party, you agree that you will complete the User Opt Out process set forth above prior to ending your use of the mobile telephone number. You understand and agree that your agreement to do so is a material part of these terms and conditions. You further agree that, if you discontinue the use of your mobile telephone number without notifying Us of such change, you agree that you will be responsible for all costs (including attorneys’ fees) and liabilities incurred by Us, or any party that assists in the delivery of the mobile messages, as a result of claims brought by individual(s) who are later assigned that mobile telephone number. This duty and agreement shall survive any cancellation or termination of your agreement to participate in any of our Programs.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU SHALL INDEMNIFY, DEFEND, AND HOLD US HARMLESS FROM ANY CLAIM OR LIABILITY RESULTING FROM YOUR FAILURE TO NOTIFY US OF A CHANGE IN THE INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED, INCLUDING ANY CLAIM OR LIABILITY UNDER THE TELEPHONE CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT, 47 U.S.C. § 227, et seq., OR SIMILAR STATE AND FEDERAL LAWS, AND ANY REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER RESULTING FROM US ATTEMPTING TO CONTACT YOU AT THE MOBILE TELEPHONE NUMBER YOU PROVIDED.
Program Description: Without limiting the scope of the Program, users that opt into the Program can expect to receive messages concerning the marketing and sale of digital and physical products, services, and events.
Cost and Frequency: Message and data rates may apply. The Program involves recurring mobile messages, and additional mobile messages may be sent periodically based on your interaction with Us.
Support Instructions: For support regarding the Program, text “HELP” to the number you received messages from or email us at volcanicacoffee@gmail.com. Please note that the use of this email address is not an acceptable method of opting out of the program. Opt outs must be submitted in accordance with the procedures set forth above.
MMS Disclosure: The Program will send SMS TMs (terminating messages) if your mobile device does not support MMS messaging.
Our Disclaimer of Warranty: The Program is offered on an "as-is" basis and may not be available in all areas at all times and may not continue to work in the event of product, software, coverage or other changes made by your wireless carrier. We will not be liable for any delays or failures in the receipt of any mobile messages connected with this Program. Delivery of mobile messages is subject to effective transmission from your wireless service provider/network operator and is outside of Our control. T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered mobile messages.
Participant Requirements: You must have a wireless device of your own, capable of two-way messaging, be using a participating wireless carrier, and be a wireless service subscriber with text messaging service. Not all cellular phone providers carry the necessary service to participate. Check your phone capabilities for specific text messaging instructions.
Age Restriction: You may not use of engage with the Platform if you are under thirteen (13) years of age. If you use or engage with the Platform and are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18) years of age, you must have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to do so. By using or engaging with the Platform, you acknowledge and agree that you are not under the age of thirteen (13) years, are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18) and have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to use or engage with the Platform, or are of adult age in your jurisdiction. By using or engaging with the Platform, you also acknowledge and agree that you are permitted by your jurisdiction’s Applicable Law to use and/or engage with the Platform.
Prohibited Content: You acknowledge and agree to not send any prohibited content over the Platform. Prohibited content includes:
Any fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, scandalous, threatening, harassing, or stalking activity;
Objectionable content, including profanity, obscenity, lasciviousness, violence, bigotry, hatred, and discrimination on the basis of race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age;
Pirated computer programs, viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other harmful code;
Any product, service, or promotion that is unlawful where such product, service, or promotion thereof is received;
Any content that implicates and/or references personal health information that is protected by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) or the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (“HITEC” Act); and
Any other content that is prohibited by Applicable Law in the jurisdiction from which the message is sent.
Dispute Resolution: In the event that there is a dispute, claim, or controversy between you and Us, or between you and Stodge, LLC d/b/a Postscript or any other third-party service provider acting on Our behalf to transmit the mobile messages within the scope of the Program, arising out of or relating to federal or state statutory claims, common law claims, this Agreement, or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, such dispute, claim, or controversy will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, determined by arbitration in Suwanee, Georgia before one arbitrator.
The parties agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) then in effect. Except as otherwise provided herein, the arbitrator shall apply the substantive laws of the Federal Judicial Circuit in which Volcanica Coffee’s principle place of business is located, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Within ten (10) calendar days after the arbitration demand is served upon a party, the parties must jointly select an arbitrator with at least five years’ experience in that capacity and who has knowledge of and experience with the subject matter of the dispute. If the parties do not agree on an arbitrator within ten (10) calendar days, a party may petition the AAA to appoint an arbitrator, who must satisfy the same experience requirement. In the event of a dispute, the arbitrator shall decide the enforceability and interpretation of this arbitration agreement in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”). The parties also agree that the AAA’s rules governing Emergency Measures of Protection shall apply in lieu of seeking emergency injunctive relief from a court. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding, and no party shall have rights of appeal except for those provided in section 10 of the FAA. Each party shall bear its share of the fees paid for the arbitrator and the administration of the arbitration; however, the arbitrator shall have the power to order one party to pay all or any portion of such fees as part of a well-reasoned decision. The parties agree that the arbitrator shall have the authority to award attorneys’ fees only to the extent expressly authorized by statute or contract. The arbitrator shall have no authority to award punitive damages and each party hereby waives any right to seek or recover punitive damages with respect to any dispute resolved by arbitration. The parties agree to arbitrate solely on an individual basis, and this agreement does not permit class arbitration or any claims brought as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative arbitration proceeding. Except as may be required by law, neither a party nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration without the prior written consent of both parties, unless to protect or pursue a legal right. If any term or provision of this Section is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Section or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. If for any reason a dispute proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the parties hereby waive any right to a jury trial. This arbitration provision shall survive any cancellation or termination of your agreement to participate in any of our Programs.
Miscellaneous: You warrant and represent to Us that you have all necessary rights, power, and authority to agree to these Terms and perform your obligations hereunder, and nothing contained in this Agreement or in the performance of such obligations will place you in breach of any other contract or obligation. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein will not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. Any new features, changes, updates or improvements of the Program shall be subject to this Agreement unless explicitly stated otherwise in writing. We reserve the right to change this Agreement from time to time. Any updates to this Agreement shall be communicated to you. You acknowledge your responsibility to review this Agreement from time to time and to be aware of any such changes. By continuing to participate in the Program after any such changes, you accept this Agreement, as modified.
Any questions? We'll be happy to provide additional information or answer any questions. Please:
E-mail us through the contact us form
Write: Volcanica Coffee Company 4110 Tench Road, Suite D Suwanee, GA 30024
Close
Customer Login:
Close
Shopping Cart:
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Total:
$0.00
Check Out
View Cart
Size Chart
You have successfully subscribed!
ico-collapse
0
Sorry, there are no products.
ic-cross-line-top
Top
ic-expand
ic-cross-line-top
ic-close-circle
Shopping Cart
0
Product
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Total$0.00
Check Out
View Cart