http://www.ispchildcare.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms of Use
This Website is owned and operated by INTEGRATED SERVICES PROGRAMME (ISP), company number 02820208, a company incorporated in England and Wales, whose registered office is Company Secretary, Wavendon Tower Ortensia Drive, Wavendon, Milton Keynes, MK17 8LX.
ISP is part of Polaris, company number 06023385, a company incorporated in England and Wales, whose registered office is Malvern View, Saxon Business Park, Hanbury Road, Stoke Prior, Bromsgrove, Worcestershire B60 4AD. By accessing this website you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. ISP may modify or revise these terms and conditions at any time by updating this page. You will be bound by any such modifications or revisions from the time that they are made.
1. Availability of Site
Whilst we will use all reasonable endeavours to make this site and our services available to you, we cannot guarantee that it will operate continuously or without interruptions.
2. Privacy Statement
We take privacy issues seriously. Our current privacy statement covers our use of any information you provide. In using this site you acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms of our privacy statement.
3. Compliance with Laws
You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations concerning your use of our services and this site.
4. Links to Other Sites
4.1 Certain links, including hypertext links, on our site will take you outside our site. Links are provided for your convenience and inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement or approval by us of the linked site, its operator or its content. We are not responsible for the content of any website outside our site.
4.2 No warranty is given by ISP and no liability shall be accepted by ISP in respect of the quality, accuracy, completeness or reliability of any advice given by or service provided by any third party to any user of this site.
5. Limitation of Liability
ISP shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused to you by your use of this website, other than in respect of death or injury caused by ISP’s negligence. Your sole remedy in respect of any such loss or damage shall be your right to discontinue your use of the website. This does not affect your statutory rights.
6. Copyright
All rights in the design, text, graphics, images and other material on our site and the selection or arrangement thereof are the copyright of ISP or other third parties. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print in hard copy portions of our site solely in connection with the use of our site. Any other use of materials on our site (including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above and alteration, modification, distribution or republication) without our prior written permission is strictly prohibited.
7. Software and Security
ISP is not responsible for any technical or other issues that may arise if you download software from an external third party website (e.g. Acrobat Reader) or upgrade your browser software to enhance your usage of the website.
ISP makes every effort to check and test material at all stages of production. It is always wise for users to own and use an anti-virus program on all material downloaded from the Internet.
ISP cannot accept responsibility for any loss, disruptions or damage to your data or your computer system which may occur whilst using material from this website.
8. Invalidity
If any part of these terms and conditions is unenforceable (including any provision excluding or limiting our liability) the enforceability of the remainder of these terms and conditions will not be affected.
9. Governing Law
The use of the website and these terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and the English courts shall have jurisdiction in relation thereof.