http://www.valpak.com/coupons/show/privacypolicy
Request Envelope
Local Coupons
Coupon Codes
Grocery Coupons
Find Coupons Near You
Enter your location
Search
Enter a valid city, state or zip code
Get the App
Sign In
Valpak Facebook page
Valpak Twitter page
Valpak Pinterest page
Valpak Instagram page
Valpak Media Youtube Channel
Valpak Free Coupon App
Privacy Policy
Last Updated August 15th, 2020
Thank you for visiting Valpak.com (the "Website"), which is owned and operated by Valpak Direct Marketing Systems, Inc. ("we", "us", "our"). This privacy policy is provided by us to explain the ways in which we collect information from you through your use of this Website and any services offered through this Website and any of our applications or mobile applications (collectively, the "Service"), and the ways that we may use that information. This privacy policy does not apply to any information you may provide to us through other means; for example, via mail, or via telephone. Please read this privacy policy carefully so that you understand our online privacy practices. By using our Service, you agree that your use, and any dispute over our online privacy practices, is governed by this privacy policy and our terms of use. If you have questions regarding privacy issues, please contact us at privacy@valpak.com.
CATEGORIES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal Information
We collect several categories of information about you, which include:
Contact information such as name and initials, such as first name, last name, middle initial, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, business mailing address and/or email address, business phone number;
Demographic information such as race, religion, gender, ethnicity, age or non-specific age;
Geographic information such as your geographic location;
Device unique identifiers such as your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and the pages of our Website you visit, and other usage details;
Financial information such as income category;
Property information such as address, type of residence, purchase data, purchase price;
Aggregated Data
We collect information in the form of aggregated statistics, such as the traffic
visits on various pages within our Service, and the habits and preferences of our audience. Such aggregated information does not include any information that would identify you personally. We may use such aggregated information and disclose it to any third parties as we see fit.
HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
Direct Interactions. You provide your personal information through the following methods:
Registration Information. To make use of certain features available through this Service, such as to receive email newsletters, or to participate in some social networking features, you may need to register and provide certain information as part of the registration process. Information we collect through our Website may include information that you provide when completing forms and user account or registration information on our Website, including information gathered when subscribing to our Service, requesting material, or requesting any additional services or communications, and responding to our research surveys (if any).
The information that you supply will help us to offer you more personalized features, to tailor our Service to your interests and make them more useful to you. Supplying such information is entirely voluntary. But if you don't supply the information we request, we may be unable to provide you with services we make available to other users of our Service. For instance, we cannot send you email alerting you to a new service we are offering, or breaking news that may interest you, if you do not tell us what you are interested in and give us your email address.
Email Newsletters. We may offer you the opportunity to subscribe to email newsletters that we make available through the Service. If you have opted to receive a particular newsletter, you may always unsubscribe later if you decide not to receive further mailings of the newsletter from us. See "Opting In/Opting Out" below.
Contests and Other Promotions. From time to time, we may offer contests, sweepstakes or other promotions via our Service. If you enter one of these contests, sweepstakes or promotions, you'll have to provide information about yourself (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address) so that we can administer and operate the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion (including contacting you if you win, fulfilling a prize, and publishing a winners' list). If you do not want us to collect the information requested in the registration form or to provide it to our co-sponsor(s) as described below, please do not enter the contest, sweepstakes or promotion.
Social Media. The Website may contain or include links to social media channels that contain message boards, chat rooms, personal web pages or profiles, forums, blogs, bulletin boards, discussion or comments areas, and other interactive features where you may post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, "post") content or materials on or through the Website and/or social media channels ("User Contributions").
All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards stated herein. Please be mindful that any User Contributions on the site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing any contributions on the Website or related social media channels, you grant the Valpak Companies, and our Service Providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. We cannot control how your posting may be used by third parties.
Content Standards. These content standards apply to any and all User Contributions made on the Website or through our related social media channels. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes and other sales promotions, or advertising.
Automated Data Collection Tools. We also collect your personal information using the following data collection tools:
Functional Cookies. Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you permit) that enables the website's or service provider's system to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Users may refuse to accept browser cookies but note, this may affect your access to certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser to refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you browse our Website. You can manage your browser's cookie setting through the "options" menu on most commercially available web browsers, including options to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely. Of course, if you set your browser not to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users of our Service.
Required Cookies. Required cookies are necessary to permit the basic features of the website to function. We use some cookies that are required for the delivery of Services on our website. Cookies are a necessary component to allow us to maintain and improve user safety and security while browsing and using our website. Required Cookies allows us to authenticate registered user accounts, enable users to log into various parts of our website with a single login attempt, and determine our website's traffic and demographics. Required cookies are not used for marketing purposes.
Flash Cookies. Flash cookies collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to and from our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as cookies.
Web Beacons. Our website and emails may contain small electronic (web beacons) that allow us to receive real time statistics on user interactions such as the number of users visiting our Website, emails opened by users, and any other statistical user information.
Clickstream Data. Clickstream data is a detailed log of how you navigate through our Website during a specific task. Generally, the log contains the pages visited, the time spent on each page, how you arrived on the page, and where you went next. In the aggregate, clickstream data is a great resource to provide real time feedback on how we can improve our website and what features you enjoy and which may cause confusion.
Web Servers. Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer configuration or your mobile device when you use our Service, including the type of browser software you use, the operating system you are running, the resolution of your computer monitor or mobile device, the Website that referred you, the type of device you're using, and your IP address. Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers and mobile devices connected to the Internet to identify your computer or mobile device so that data (such as the web pages you want to view) can be transmitted to you. We also use IP address information for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. Your IP address alone does not tell us who you are. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our Service (including ads distributed through our Service) to the interests of our users, and to measure traffic within our Service.
The help function of your browser should contain instructions on how to set your device to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued or to not receive cookies at any time. If you set your device to not receive cookies at any time, certain personalized services cannot be provided to you, and accordingly, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of our features.
Social Network Sharing Tools. We collect your personal information when you use one of the social network sharing tools available on our Service, the social network operating the tool may collect information about you based on such use.
Our social media platforms or online tools, including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, YouTube, (collectively, the "social media channels") are social media locations for users to connect to and learn about us through information, pictures, and videos. Our goal is to provide quality and up-to-date material about our company which we believe is useful and interesting and to our users.
We grant users a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited access to the social media channels for your personal use and non-commercial purposes. Unless prior written consent is given by an authorized a Valpak officer, director, employee or agent, you may not use, copy, reproduce, modify, publicly perform or display, create derivative works of, sell, auction, lease, transfer, distribute, rent, or disclose all or any part/content of the social media channels (including, without limitation, any screenshots, videos, documentation or manuals relating to the social media channels).
We reserve all rights relating to our social media channels, including but not limited to: (i) adding, removing, or modifying any content, (ii) blocking disruptive and inappropriate users within our sole discretion; and (iii) discontinuing any of its social media channels at any time.
Your use of social network channel will be subject to that channel's own privacy policy, which may be different from ours.
Mobile Applications and Location-Based Information. Our Service may have the ability to use your geographic location to deliver content, services, and advertising tailored to your location. If you choose to enable our Service to use your location information, then that information will be stored and used to deliver content, services, and advertising tailored to your location. Also, when you use a mobile device or browser to access our Service, then your device and/or your browser may automatically collect and/or transmit your device's unique identifier, IP address, location information, device make/model, wireless provider, and related information to us. We may use this information to deliver content, services, and advertising tailored to your location.
Third Parties. We may receive personal information about you from various third parties (e.g., data brokers, marketing vendors) (including from your interactions with us and our pages on social media platforms and from third parties with whom we have business relationships) to help us provide and/or improve our services as well as for marketing purposes.
WHY WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
Like any business, it's important for us to know our customers - their needs, their likes, what they want and expect from us. Unlike most businesses, however, we deliver a valuable product to our customers without asking for anything in return. Since we make most of this Service available without charge to you, we rely heavily on advertisers to produce the income necessary to operate our Service. Advertisers are like most people: they expect something in return for the money they spend. They want to know how many people will see their ad and how often our users are looking at their ads on our Service - in other words, how effective their ad is likely to be. So, it's important that we be able to tell advertisers who our audience is. Except as expressly set forth in this privacy policy, we will not provide, sell or rent to any third party any personal information that we collect from you through your use of this Service.
We collect your personal information for the following business and/or commercial purposes:
To improve our website services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences;
To deliver relevant content and advertisements to you and measure the effectiveness of out advertisement; and
To make suggestions to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you.
DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to the following parties:
Advertisers. Without your permission, we will not share the personal information you provide when registering on our Service with advertisers. We may, however, take the information you provide and aggregate it with data from all the other people that use this Service and associated services. Then we will use that pool of information to inform our advertisers about our audience without identifying you personally.
Service Providers. We may retain other companies and individuals ("Service Providers") to perform functions on our behalf consistent with this privacy statement. Examples include, but are not limited to, data analysis firms, customer support specialists, email vendors, and web hosting companies. Service Providers may be provided with access to personal information needed to perform their functions but may not use such information other than on our behalf and in accordance with this privacy statement.
In addition, in some instances, you may be offered the opportunity to consent to the sharing of your information with a Service Provider such as an event or promotion co-sponsor. If you consent, we will share your information with such Service Provider and the information you provide may be used by such Service Provider for their own purposes and in accordance with their own policies. We will identify any co-sponsor(s) in the official rules for the promotion.
Our Affiliates. We may share your personal information with other Valpak affiliates and/or subsidiaries that distribute and market Valpak® products (the "Valpak Companies"). Valpak Companies will use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Sites to Which We Link. Our Service includes links to plenty of other Websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we don't control. When you access another site or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through their sites, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy statement of the operator of the site you're visiting or the provider of such products or services.
Other Disclosures. We reserve the right to release information about users of our Service when release is necessary or appropriate to comply with law, to enforce this privacy statement or our terms of use, or to protect the rights, property or safety of users of our Service, the public, our customers, or our company and its employees, agents, partners and Affiliates. As our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event that we merge with another entity or otherwise transfer substantially all of our assets to another entity (including, without limitation, to one of our Affiliates as part of an internal reorganization), information collected from this Service would be among the transferred assets.
OPTING IN/OPTING OUT OF DISCLOSURES TO THIRD PARTIES
In certain places on this Service (for example, when registering as a user of this Service, managing your account, or participating in activities like promotional contests), we may ask you to consent to the sharing of your information with third parties with which we have business relationships. If you provide such consent (for example, by checking a box or by some other means), we will make your information available to such third parties as described in the consent form so that they, we, or both may contact you directly regarding special offers, promotions, products or services that may be of interest to you.
If you register with this Service, you will have the opportunity to review or update the information you have provided us at any time. You also have the option of deleting all information except for your email address. If you would like to completely deactivate your account, please contact us. Please note, however, that if you deactivate your account, you will not receive any newsletters from us and you will not be able to participate in any of our sweepstakes or contests.
You agree that, subject to applicable law, we may use your information to contact you for customer service, to inform you of important changes or additions to our Service or the services offered over our Service and to send you administrative notices or any communications relevant to your use of our Service.
If you have subscribed to one of our email newsletters, you will always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from future mailings (for example, by clicking on an unsubscribe link in an email newsletter or by modifying your account settings on our Service).
MODIFYING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you have a registered account, you can review and edit your personal information by logging on to their account profile page. If you are unable to edit your information, you may send us an email at privacy@valpak.com to receive further instruction on how to correct, delete, or add any personal information you have provided to us. However, we cannot delete your personal information unless we delete your user account, and this action cannot be reversed. We can only accommodate requests to change or modify personal information to the extent allowed by applicable federal, state, and local laws.
SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may sell contact information, demographic information, property information, and financial information to agencies such as data brokers, advertising agencies, business partners.
California residents can opt out of the sale of personal information by selecting Do Not Sell My Info on the Valpak home page.
PERSONAL INFORMATION OF MINORS
This Service is not directed at children under the age of 13, and we will not knowingly allow anyone under age 13 to register with our Service or to provide any other personal information. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide us with any personally identifying information about yourself (such as your name, your email address or your phone number). If we become aware that we have collected any personally identifying information from a user under the age of 13, we will remove such information from our records as soon as possible.
DATA SECURITY
All information gathered through our Service is stored within database(s) operated by us or by a Service Provider on our behalf. We and/or our Service Providers secure the personally identifying information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you. You must take reasonable measures to keep all passwords, whether given or chosen, confidential. You should be mindful of using public computers and internet networks to access the Website as we are not liable for any information that may be tampered with. Information viewed in public areas may be viewed by anyone.
Although we take measures to protect your personal information, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. The transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for the circumvention of or tampering with any privacy setting or security measure contained on the Website.
CALIFORNIA-SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS (for California residents)
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
The California Consumer Privacy Act went into effect on January 1, 2020. The Act allows California residents and other covered persons (the "consumer") specific rights regarding their personal information, which are described below. If you are a California resident, you can exercise these rights by contacting us by clicking on the following links:
Request My Personal Information
Delete My Personal Information
Right to receive notice before or at the point of collection, about what personal information categories we collect and its intended purpose.
We may not collect additional personal information categories or use collected personal information for unrelated, new, or additional purposes without providing notice to you.
Right to know and access categories of personal information collected, the specific types of personal information collected, the categories of sources from which personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or disclosing the personal information, the categories of personal information sold or disclosed, the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed, and the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information. Additionally, you have the right to receive this information in a portable and useable format.
Right to request deletion of your personal information subject to certain exceptions. For example, we may deny your request if retaining your personal information is required under certain circumstances
such as: to complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide goods or services that you requested; take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you; detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities; or comply with a legal obligation.
Right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information if you are 16 years of age or older.
Right to not face discrimination for asserting your rights subject to certain parameters. Under the California Consumer Protection Act ("CCPA"), we may not take retaliatory or discriminatory actions against any consumer who chooses to exercise any of these rights. Thus, we cannot deny you our Service. The law prohibits any practices that are usurious, coercive, or unjust. However, the CCPA does not prohibit entities from offering incentives, even financial, to customers who choose to "opt-in" to sharing their personal information.
Information We May Need from You
We may need to request specific information from you (e.g. name, email address, and phone number) to help us confirm your identity and verify your request to ensure your right to access or delete your personal information. This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it, and that your personal information is not deleted at the request of anyone but you unless the individual is your authorized agent. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time to Respond Consumer Rights Requests
We try to respond to all legitimate and verifiable requests within forty-five (45) days. Occasionally it may take us longer than 45 days if your request is particularly complex, you have made several requests, or additional information is needed from you to process your request. In this case, we will notify you within the 45-day period and keep you updated.
Authorized Agents
You can authorize a designated agent to exercise your rights on your behalf. To authorize a designated agent please contact us (see HOW TO CONTACT US below).
California Shine the Light
If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties, for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. To request a notice, please submit your request to privacy@valpak.com. Please allow 45 days for a response.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
We may change the terms of this privacy statement or introduce new terms and conditions from time to time, in which case we will post an updated version of this privacy statement on this Service and will update the "Last Updated" date above to reflect the date the changes take effect. By continuing to use this Service after we post any such changes, you accept this privacy statement, as modified.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or general comments, contact us at: privacy@valpak.com.
Great Offers From Popular Stores
View
View
View
View
View
View
View
View
View
View All Merchants
Let us introduce you to the neighborhood!
Valpak is at the heart of communities across North America, helping people save, businesses grow and neighborhoods thrive through a network of local franchisees in the U.S. and Canada.
Grow Your Business
in Austin
Get Started Today