http://www.meredith.com/datapolicy.html
About UsOur Mission
Leadership
Social Responsibility
Careers
Our Headquarters
Anti-Fraud Policy
SEEHER
National MediaBrands
Digital
Premium Publishing
Multicultural
Brand Licensing
Enthusiast MediaAmerican Patchwork & Quilting
WOOD
International
Agrimedia
Local MediaBroadcast & Digital
MNI Targeted Media
Marketing CapabilitiesMarketing Capabilities Overview
Foundry
Foundry 360
Target Marketing
Digital
Video
Lead Generation
Experiential
Research
Predictive Intelligence
Sales Guarantee
Content Licensing
Creative Services
Print Production
MNI Targeted Media
Foundry
News
Investors
FacebookTwitterLinkedIn
Meredith Data Collection Policies and Technical and Process Guidelines
1. Generally
In our continued commitment to protect consumer data and respect consumers' privacy, Meredith Corporation, and all of its related entities (herein referred to as Meredith) places rules and restrictions on third party data collection, as outlined below. These Data Collection Policies and Technical and Process Guidelines (collectively, the “Policy”) covers all data generated by or collected from Meredith and its users while visiting any Meredith-branded, owned, licensed, controlled or affiliated websites, mobile applications and related digital products and services distributed by any means or media. Any third party collecting or attempting to collect data from Meredith's online properties or its users, including without limitation an advertiser and its technology provider (each, a "Data Collector") is subject to the following Policy. The terms of this Policy supplement, and supersede if conflicting, any terms set forth in any other terms and conditions, insertion order, and/or addendum or agreement. Meredith reserves the right to amend these terms as privacy laws and best practices evolve.
2. Data Covered
The data covered by this Policy includes, but is not limited to, data collected via any widget, pixel tag, cookie, web beacon, script or other data collection process, whether embedded directly in a Meredith property or in an advertisement displayed on such a property.  This data may include IP addresses, device IDs, cookies IDs and other identifiers. The insights generated from such data (e.g. browsing history, ad and page views, preferences, and other behavioral inferences) are also subject to this Policy.
3. Restrictions On Data Collection and Use
Meredith prohibits any third party from collecting or using, or directing, authorizing or assisting other persons or entities to collect or use, any data from a consumer, or a computer or device visiting Meredith properties without Meredith’s prior express written permission, e.g., Companies affiliated with Meredith and/or currently partnering with Meredith may only collect data as expressly permitted by their agreements with Meredith. Advertisers and their agencies must disclose to Meredith (i) all data that will be collected, processed or transferred in connection with any advertising campaign and (ii) all third parties that may be engaged or authorized to collect, process or transfer data and the purposes for which they will collect such data in relation to any advertising campaign. Advertisers may not use any third party that has not been disclosed to and approved by Meredith. Meredith reserves the right to disapprove of or revoke use of a Data Collector. Meredith may require a Data Collector to enter into a direct agreement with Meredith prior to authorizing data collection or use.
In no case may data may be collected, used or transferred from any Meredith property for purposes of behavioral remarketing, profiling, targeting, segment categorization, audience measurement, or any form of syndication which is related to Meredith, its content, or its consumers except by companies operating on Meredith’s behalf and with Meredith’s express permission. In no case may any such Data Collector use any information collected from a Meredith property for the purpose of serving ads to, or otherwise targeting or actively engaging with, Meredith users outside of Meredith platforms without Meredith’s prior express written consent. Where Data Collectors are permitted to collect data in this way, they must destroy all Meredith data and the data of its users in accordance with the terms under which it was collected or immediately upon Meredith’s request. Such data collected must be made available for review by Meredith at Meredith's request.
4. Compliance with Laws and Respect for Privacy
All Data Collectors must: (i) comply with the terms of this Policy, as well as all applicable laws and self-regulatory principles, and must be consistent with Meredith’s Privacy Policy; (ii) honor consumer rights and choices, including any consumer choice to opt out of the sale or any other use of their data; and (iii) comply with the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles, which may be found at the following URL: https://digitaladvertisingalliance.org/principles.  Data collected from the Meredith properties may only be shared with someone acting on behalf of the Data Collector; data may not be shared with other third parties. Data Collectors are responsible for ensuring that their service providers protect all data and comply with the terms of this Policy and the law.
5. Technical and Process Guidelines
Data Collectors must comply with the following technical and process requirements:
(a)    All pixels, cookies, scripts or other tracking technology must be disclosed and pre-approved by Meredith in writing prior to running.
(b)   The domain owner of any cookie used to collect data must supply Meredith with a link to the domain owner's end-user privacy policy.  If the cookie is or may be used for retargeting or other forms of interest-based advertising, this privacy policy must contain clear instructions on how to opt out of the domain owner’s services controlled by that cookie.
(c)    Unless Meredith approves a later expiration date in writing, all cookies used in advertising campaigns must expire in accordance with the terms of the IO under which they were set or at a time otherwise expressly agreed to by the parties.
(d)    Pixel tags may not add to overall page latency during loading.
(e)    Pixel tags must be able to support 4,000 seconds of http traffic.
(f)    Pixel tags used in connection with advertising can only load after the online advertising unit itself loads using a “polite download” technique.
(g)    Pixel tags may only trigger a single DNS lookup.
(h)    The use of Flash cookies, HTML5 storage or any forms of Locally Stored Objects on users’ computers or access devices is prohibited.
(i)    JavaScript file may not exceed 1K in size.
(j)    Redirects are not permitted.  Only direct requests can be made.
6. Consequence for Non-Compliance
Any third party collecting or attempting to collect data without express written permission from Meredith may be notified to cease all activity immediately. Failure to comply may result in legal action. Any approved third party that facilitates unapproved activity may also be asked to cease such activity and will risk being in breach of their agreement(s) with Meredith. Meredith may, but is not obligated to, enforce this Policy at any time.
© 2020 Meredith Corp. All Rights Reserved.Careers
Contact Us
Brand Media Kits
Ad Specs
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Subscribe to a Magazine
Ageless Iron
Allrecipes
American Patchwork & Quilting
Better Homes & Gardens
Coastal Living
Cooking Light
Country Home
Do It Yourself
EatingWell
Entertainment Weekly
Fine Cooking
FOOD & WINE
Health
InStyle
LIFE
Magnolia Journal
Martha Stewart Living
Midwest Living
Parents
People
People en Español
REAL SIMPLE
Reveal
SHAPE
Southern Living
Successful Farming
Traditional Home
Travel + Leisure
WOOD
Other Meredith Sites
Content Licensing
Custom Solutions
Direct Media
Foundry
Foundry 360
SHAPE + Health Half
Travel Marketing