http://www.perfectentertaining.com/privacy.html
<+script type="text/javascript"
src="http://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/show_ads.js">
Some of My Favorite Things
Caramel Apple-Almond CrepesA great dish for dessert or breakfast, these filled crepes are quick and easy to make, full of wonderful flavor, and make any occasion special.
Privacy Policy
Visitors to our site sometimes share personal information when they interact with us. This personal information is only collected through the active and voluntary sharing of information by the visitor. Information is forwarded anonymously to us through our server so when you ask a question, comment, tip, suggestion, feedback, or submit a recipe through one of our forms. Your name, e-mail address, or other information is never collected unless you specifically give it to us.
Some visitors do choose to share their name, address, and e-mail with us when they apply for contests or leave feedback. Unless express permission is shared in the message, this information is kept private. Only the user's nickname will be posted with their submissions, unless they clearly state otherwise in their message.
Newsletter subscribers also must share their e-mail address and many also share their name as well. Their address is only used for the sending of the specific newsletter they subscribe to.
All information collected via this site will never be sold, traded, rented, bartered, or given to a third party. Personal information will also never be shared with any of the other websites owned and operated by the owner of this website. Unless clearly specified by the submitter, submitted information will never be posted on the website, unless it is in the form of a recipe, question, comment, or tip submitted through our feedback form.
Submitters must be 14 or older to submit information of any kind. If you are 13, or younger and want to submit a recipe or other content, you must have a parent do so for you. There are no exceptions to this rule.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us through our
Feedback Form.
All text, graphics, recipes, and articles copyright Perfect Entertaining 2001-2011, unless otherwise attributed.
Legal Disclaimer. Privacy Policy. Please do not reprint or distribute any of the material on this website without permission. For reprint permission, advertising information, or for information about recipe or menu development, contact me via our feedback form. Thank you.