http://www.windowbox.com/customer-service/#shipping-policies
Questions?Call Us!1-888-427-3362
Sign In
Account
(0)
Checkout
Home
/
Customer Service
Customer Service
Windowbox.com is committed to making sure that you are completely satisfied with your experience. If you have a question that isn't answered below, please call us at (888) GARDEN-BOX, or email us at service@windowbox.com
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
Questions about orders:
Shipping Policies - FREE Shipping on orders over $50
Your input: We need your help!
Our Privacy Policy
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Alternatives to on-line ordering
Sales tax
Return Shipping Policy
Warranty
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
We want you to be completely happy with whatever you buy from us. If you are not completely satisfied, you can return any non-plant item within 15 days of receipt for replacement, full reimbursement, or store credit for 100% of the value. All live plant products have a 7-Day Freshness Guarantee and we will gladly replace any plant should it expire within a week of arrival. Just call us at 1-888-GARDEN-BOX , or send an email to service@windowbox.com Make sure you include your order #, name, address & daytime phone number - we can't credit you for the returned item unless we know who you are!
< back to top
Questions about orders:
Feel free to email us at service@windowbox.com, or call us at 1-888-GARDEN-BOX . Our office hours are 7 A.M. to 4 P.M. Pacific Standard Time If you call when the office is closed, please leave a message for customer service that includes your name, order number and contact information. We promise to get back to you within 24 hours.
< back to top
Shipping Policies
FREE SHIPPING Order must total at least $50.00 before taxes and shipping charges. Does not include expedited shipping. Not valid in AK, HI, internationally, or on prior orders.Where do we deliver? We deliver to the continental US. However, if you need to ship products to AK or HI, please give us a call (888-427-3362) for a shipping quote. When will my order ship? Typically, orders will ship the 2-3 business days after the order is placed.Some of our products are shipped directly from the manufacturer. These items take between 2-3 business days to ship. During particularly busy times, such as the holidays, allow 5-7 days for the products to ship. Plants are delivered Tuesday through Friday and orders processed Monday through Thursday. Orders received by 1:00 P.M. Pacific Standard Time will be shipped the same day. Orders received after 1:00 P.M. Pacific Standard Time, will be shipped the following day. Plants can only be delivered on Saturday per special request. Please call (1-866-PLANTS3) or email (service@windowbox.com) our customer service department for prices. When will my order be delivered? GROUND SHIPPING: If you select ground shipping, your order will typically arrive within 3-5 business days. TWO-DAY SHIPPING: If you select two-day shipping, your order must be received by 1:00 P.M. Pacific Standard Time in order for it to ship that day. If your order is received after 1:00 P.M. Pacific Standard Time, it will ship the following day.OVERNIGHT SHIPPING: If you select overnight shipping, your order must be received by 1:00 P.M. Pacific Standard Time in order for it to ship that day. If your order is received after 1:00 P.M. Pacific Standard Time, it will ship the following day, for delivery the day after that.How can I track my order? Once your order ships, you will receive a shipment notification via email that will include your tracking number. In some cases, your items will ship and arrive separately. This will occur if you have multiple items including a plant or an item that is shipped directly from the manufacturer. In this case, you will receive several shipment confirmation emails with the appropriate information for each shipment. Why do you charge additional shipping on large items? Many of our large items require a shipping surcharge. These surcharges are noted in the item descriptions. These additional shipping charges are applied because these items are bulky, heavy and in many cases require special handling. Why can certain items only ship via Ground shipping?> Certain items are shipped from locations where expedited shipping is not an option. PLANT DELIVERY INFORMATION How are the plants delivered? In order to ensure freshness, we use expedited delivery process to deliver our plants. They are guaranteed on the date you select. The plants are securely wrapped and protected in a specially designed box for a guaranteed fresh delivery. Your personal message and plant-specific care instructions are included in every order. How do you calculate shipping costs for plants? Standard shipping for all plants is Two Day Express via FedEx or UPS. You have the option to upgrade and pay an additional fee to have it sent via Overnight shipping What time will the plant arrive? UPS and FedEx both deliver until 7 pm on weekdays.
< back to top
Your input: We need your help!
Please help our other visitors (and us) by leaving feedback regarding our products and your shopping experience. To leave product comments, click on the "add comments" button on that product's page. And please feel free to share your thoughts with us regarding your shopping experience by sending an email to service@windowbox.com or calling us at 1-888-GARDEN-BOX.
< back to top
Our Privacy Policy
None of the information you provide us will be given, sold, or traded to others without your consent. That includes your name, address, email, payment information, or anything else you tell us.
< back to top
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Shopping online with us is just as safe as or safer than using your credit card at your local nursery. We use standard secure server software that encrypts all the data you send us, preventing any unauthorized party from intercepting and copying your information. Your browser will show that you have a secure encrypted link by showing you a small closed lock. Send any questions on our secure ordering process to service@windowbox.com.
< back to top
Alternatives to on-line ordering
By fax: Go through the ordering process, then print out your order and fax it to us at 760-603-0862.By mail: Go through the ordering process, then print out your order. Mail the form in to us, including either your credit card information or a check made out to "Windowbox.com" The mailing address is:Windowbox.com6056 Corte Del CedroCarlsbad, CA 92011By phone: You may call us at 1-888-GARDEN-BOX and place your credit card order by phone.
< back to top
Sales tax
As an online retailer, we are responsible for collecting sales tax if applicable. It is our responsibility to charge you the correct amount of sales tax and remit the taxes collected back to the state where you reside. If we do not collect tax for your specific state, it does not necessarily exempt you from paying sales tax. Some states require purchases to be documented at end of year. For specific information, contact your state's Department of Revenue.
< back to top
Return Shipping Policy
If you are not satisfied with the quality of an item you received and would like to return it, simply contact us via phone or email: service@windowbox.com 1-888-GARDEN-BOX We will gladly send you a pre-paid return shipping label via email or post. Once we receive the returned items, we will give you a full refund. Please note that we will only cover the shipping costs if you are returning an item due to an error on our part. Otherwise, both return and outgoing shipping costs are your responsibility. Return requests are only accepted 15 days from ship out date.
< back to top
One Year Limited Warranty
Windowbox components (the “Windowbox Products”) are warranted by the manufacturer, Windowbox Inc., (“Windowbox” or “Manufacturer”) in accordance with the terms and conditions set out below, to be free from defects in material and workmanship that (i) occur as a direct result of the manufacturing process, (ii) occur under normal use and service, (iii) and occur during the warranty period.
NOTIFICATION
It is a condition of this warranty that should your Windowbox Products show defects at any point, Purchaser/Property owner will notify Windowbox in writing within 30 days after discovering the claimed defect and prior to beginning any repair or alteration to the Windowbox Products. The notice must include a detailed description of the claimed defect, photograph(s) of the defect and proof of purchase. It is a further condition of this Warranty that the Manufacturer will, within a reasonable period of its receipt of such notice, be permitted to inspect the claimed defect. If, after inspection, the Manufacturer determines that the claim is in accordance with the terms of this One Year Limited Warranty, the Manufacturer will repair or replace the defective material, or will refund the original purchase price of the defective material. The choice of remedy is in Manufacturer’s sole discretion. The Manufacturer will not be liable for labor and/or removal costs connected with the claim. Replacement product will be provided as close to the original color as possible, although it is not guaranteed to match completely. In the event of repair or replacement, the original warranty shall apply to the repaired or replaced portion of the Windowbox Products and will extend for the balance of the warranty period in effect at the time the material proved defective.
LIMITATIONS
This One Year Limited Warranty is void if any of the following occurs: (a) improper installation and/or failure to abide by the Manufacturer’s installation guidelines; (b) movement, settling, distortion or collapse of the ground or supporting structure on which the Windowbox Products are installed; (c) naturally occurring casualties including impact of objects, earthquakes, tornados, hurricanes, lightning, flooding or acts of God; (d) improper handling or storage, neglect or misuse of the Windowbox Products either by the Purchaser or third parties; (e) improper application of paint or other surface chemicals not recommended by the Manufacturer in writing; (f) adverse effects of air pollution and (g) normal weathering of surfaces.
OTHER CONDITIONS
Local Code Authority should be consulted before installation of structures with specific loadbearing
capacities and for other zoning code requirements. THE WARRANTY STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN THIS ONE YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH THE ONLY WARRANTIES EXTENDED BY WINDOWBOX AND ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER CONDITIONS AND WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS WARRANTY SHALL CONSTITUTE THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF WINDOWBOX AND THE PURCHASER/PROPERTY OWNER’S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF THIS WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, IN NO EVENT SHALL WINDOWBOX BE LIABLE TO THE PURCHASER/PROPERTY OWNER FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE WINDOWBOX PRODUCTS OR THE BREACH OF ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. The laws of some states and provinces do not allow the exclusion, limitation or variation of certain conditions or warranties implied by legislation so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. This One Year Limited Warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may also have other rights that vary from state to state and province to province. NOTE: In order to register your One Year Limited Warranty, please complete and sign the Warranty Registration Card within forty five
(45) days of purchase. This warranty and registration is nontransferable from the original Purchaser/Property Owner.
< back to top
Categories
Window Boxes
Estate Collection Window Boxes
Vinyl Window Boxes
Self Watering Window Boxes
Fiberglass Window Boxes
Wrought Iron Window Boxes
Tapered Iron Window Boxes
Aluminum Window Boxes
Hayrack Window Baskets
Wooden Window Boxes
Copper Window Boxes
Vintage Window Boxes
Window Box - Artificial Flower Arrangements
Window Box Liners
Pots & Planters
Estate Collection Patio Planters
Fiberglass Planters
Vinyl Planters
Wooden Planters
Stone and Resin Planters
Decorative PVC Flower Pots
Clay and Ceramic Pots
Metal & Iron Planters
Living Wall Systems
Railing Planter Boxes
Indoor and Self Watering Planters
Hanging Baskets
Window Box Brackets, Plant Stands & Plant Caddies
Wall-Mount Brackets
Brackets for Deck Railings
Decorative Faux Brackets
Plant Stands & Caddies
Mounting Bolts & Window Box Hardware
Flower Box Holders
Artificial Plants
Terrariums
Hanging Terrariums
Wall Hanging Terrariums
Table Top Terrariums
Terrarium Jars - Cloches
Terrarium Plant Stands
Terrarium Kits & Fairy Garden Supplies
Raised Gardens
Garden Decorations
Privacy Screens and Dividers
Lanterns
Garden Trellises
Garden Statues
Decorative Copper Sprinklers
Country Garden Bells
Garden Clocks & Thermometers
Decorative Bird Feeders & Bird Houses
Bee Houses & Insect Hotels
Outdoor Benches & Furniture
Watering Tools
Automatic Watering
Indoor Watering
Watering Cans
Outdoor Watering
Watering Accessories
Planter Reservoirs
Composting
Gardening Gifts and Seed Kits
Gardening Gift Sets
Seed & Herb Kits
Heirloom Vegetables
Indoor Gardening
Indoor Gardening Helpers
Grow Lights
Indoor Watering
Gardening Tools & Solutions
Hand Tools & Gardening Tools
Gardening Essentials
Greenhouses & Seed Starters
Growing Media & Soil Amendments
Outdoor Flooring Solutions
Potting Benches and Tables
Tomato Growing Gear
Wreaths
Christmas Wreaths
Fall & Autumn Wreaths
Spring Wreaths
Floral Wreaths
Easter Wreaths
Year Round Unique Wreaths
Plant Sconces
Junior Gardeners
Live Plants
Green Plants
Flowering Plants
Orchids
Bonsai & Bamboo
Succulents & Cactus
Sturdy Saplings
Outdoor Fall Plants
Outdoor Spring Plants
WindowBox.com Sale & Clearance Items
Custom Window Boxes
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Copyright © 2020 Windowbox.com. All Rights Reserved.
Questions?Call Us!1-888-427-3362
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Google+
YouTube
6056 Corte Del Cedro
Carlsbad, CA 92011
Home
Grow Guide
Resources & Links
My Account
Shipping Policy
Contact Us
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Site Map
Gardening Blog