http://www.frugalfamily.com/privacy-policy/
Frugal Family
Advice and Tips for the Tightwad
Home
Frugal Articles
Frugal Fundamentals
Credit & Debt
Planning
Saving Money
Major Savings
Saving Around the House
Saving on Children
Contact Us
Frugal Family Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy..
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 10/22/2014
Advertising
Like this:Like Loading...
Search for:
Recent Articles
Get Fit and Lose Weight on a Budget
Health Insurance: A Frugal Option To Save Thousands
Spending Money – Where is it Going?
Get Started Being Frugal
The Right Way to Use a Credit Card
Valentines Day Tips
Healthy Children Snack Ideas
How To Get Your Children “Brand Free”
5 Quick and Cheap Thanksgiving Décor Ideas!
Credit Cards: The Best for Cash Back, Rebate and Rewards
Categories
Frugal Fundamentals
Credit & Debt
Living Frugally
Planning
Saving Money
Major Savings
Quick Tips
Saving Around the House
Saving on Children
Follow Frugal Family
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Google
RSS Feed
This post may contain affiliate links, including Amazon.com. Using links to these sites means I may earn a small percentage of the purchase at no extra cost to you.
Frugal Family © 2020 | Privacy Policy | Advertising
Frontier Theme
%d bloggers like this: