http://www.interiordezine.com/info/our-website-terms-of-use/
You are here:
Home » Site Information » Our Website Terms of Use
Our Website Terms of Use
Introduction
These pages state the terms of use of this site. If you do not accept these terms, do not use this site. By using this site you are indicating your acceptance of these terms. We may revise these terms at any time by updating this posting and you should visit this section periodically to review the terms.
Ownership and Status of Information
1. Images of people or places displayed on this site are either our property, or used with our permission. The use of these images by you, or by anyone else authorised by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these terms. Any unauthorised use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy, publicity, and communications, regulations, and statutes. You should assume that everything you see or read on the site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted, and may not be used, except as provided in these terms, without our written permission.
2. In our sole discretion, we may remove information from the site at any time.
3. Downloaded information does not become your property. It remains our property or the property of the lawful owner at all times. Such information may only be used by you for your own personal use. If you propose to use the information in any way for public or commercial purposes, then you must have our written permission which can be withheld in our sole discretion. You must not use the information to generate statistics through mathematical manipulation for selected or general public release, or to create mailing or address lists.
4. While every effort has been taken to ensure the accuracy of information on this site, the contents are subject to review and change from time to time. We make no warranties or representations, express or implied, as to the veracity or accuracy of information contained on this site. We believe that information on this site has not been copied without permission or plagiarised. However should it be shown to our satisfaction that any information has been copied without authorisation, or unintentionally plagiarised, then such information will be removed from the site.
5. If you submit information to or download information from this site, you warrant in our favour that such information is not in breach of any non-disclosure or confidentiality obligations which you may have to a third party. You also warrant that it is not in breach of any obligations you may have under any statute or regulation, an infringement of the intellectual property or privacy rights of others, or defamatory of any person or group.
6. Any communication or material you transmit to the site, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by us or our affiliates for any purposes, including but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, we are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to this site for any purpose. This includes, but is not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
7. Although we may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the site, we are under no obligation to do so and we assume no responsibility or liability arising from the content on any such locations. We also assume no liability for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, false statement, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any such material that would either constitute a criminal offence or encourage conduct that would be considered to be a criminal offence, or which may give rise to civil liability. We will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting such information or materials.
Our Liability
1. We operate the site on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
2. We make no warranty that:
a) The site will meet your requirements.
b) The service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free.
c) The information that may be obtained from the use of the site will be accurate or reliable.
d) The quality of any services, information or other material purchased or obtained by you through the site will meet your expectations.
e) Any errors in the software will be corrected.
3. Any information downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the site is done at your own discretion and risk. We disclaim any responsibility for damage to your computer system or loss of information that results from the download of any such information.
4. In no case shall we be liable for any losses suffered by any party, whether direct, indirect, consequential, or in the nature of loss of profits. Should this provision be ruled unenforceable, then our aggregate liability to any party for all claims arising from the use of the information is limited to NZ$100.00.
Indemnity
1. You warrant in our favour that your use of the site, whether by submitting information to or downloading information from the site, does not in any way contravene the obligations contained in the Privacy Act. You agree to take all necessary measures to comply with your obligations under the Privacy Act.
2. You agree to indemnify and protect us from any claim or demand, including reasonable legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of information you submit to or download from the site, your use of the site, your connection to the site, your violation of these terms, or your violation of any rights of a third party.
Password
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy and confidentiality of your information and password. In our sole discretion, we may immediately terminate your access to the site if you breach any of these terms.
Third Party Sites
This site contains links to third party sites. However, as monitoring the information disseminated and accessible through those third party sites is impracticable, such information cannot be guaranteed to be accurate or up to date. We take no responsibility for it.
Publications
Any views or opinions expressed by advertisers or contributors to this site are not necessarily our views. While care is taken in the publication of this material, we cannot be held responsible for any such views or opinions.
Jurisdiction
The use of the site and these conditions are governed by the laws of New Zealand. Any legal action arising out of its use shall be brought and enforced under the laws of New Zealand. By using this site, you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of New Zealand.
Public Forum/Chat Room/Communication Rules
1. No expressions of hatred, harassment, abuse or threats of harm, or unwarranted personal comments in public.
2. No abuse, whether personal insults, offensive language or otherwise, will be tolerated.
3. We expect the public discussion areas to be maintained as a family environment and that a reasonable standard of language will be maintained. You may be removed from the site for swearing.
4. Advertising is not permitted.
5. You must not use inappropriate names such as names which contain derogatory connotations, sexual connotations, or swear words.
6. Comments or materials obtained through public discussion areas are not endorsed by us. Any opinion, advice, or other information expressed in the discussion areas should not be relied upon for important, personal or financial decisions.
7. You may not use discussion areas to post information for charity requests or petitions for signatures. You agree to use the discussion areas only for lawful purposes. You agree that we reserve the right to remove postings at our discretion and without prior notice.
8. Posting to public discussion areas is not private. You grant us unrestricted right to use, reproduce, modify, translate and distribute, any material you post to the site in any medium and for any purpose, including commercial purposes.
9. No “spamming”, ie, the mass distribution of e-mail or news group postings to people who have not requested or given authority for that message to be sent to them.
10. No “mail bombing”, ie, sending a number of e-mails to a mailbox to overload it or the system on which it is hosted.
Share this:ShareLinkedInFacebookTwitterLike this:Like Loading...
Primary Sidebar
Search for:
Search
Find Topics HereHome Interiordezine.com
Bathroom Design
Bedroom Design
Color for Interiors
Curtain Styles & Window Ideas
Design Articles
Design Definitions
Design Tips
Dining Rooms
Fittings
Free Downloads
Home Lighting
Interior Design Finishes
Interior Design Education
Kitchen Design
Living Rooms
Makeovers
Modern Furniture Designers
Stairs
Styles and Periods
Blogroll
Interior Design Blog
Interiordezine.com Network Sites
Interiordezine.com on Youtube.com
Professional Interior Designer
Design BlogLoving the Job? If not - Get out!As an Interior Designer, do I Need a Pinterest Account?Should we put Color Back in the Bathroom?Follow Lee Brown on Twitter Tweets by Lee Brown int3riordeziner
Footer WidgetsAbout the Founders – Lee Brown & Chris Brown Lee and Chris Brown are the co founders of interiordezine.com, they have worked in the Interior Design Industry for over 26 years, specializing in commercial, hospitality, high-end architectural homes and retail design. Over the past 17 years, Lee and Chris Brown have been collating their wealth of design knowledge to provide free interior decorating education to the world. Make sure you register for your free course today.
Free Interior Decorating Course
Corporate:Company Profile | Contact Us | Advertise with Interiordezine.com
Media Kit: YouTube is Closing the Curtains on Interiors | Free On-line Interior Decoration Course All Rights Reserved. Users of this site agree to be bound by the terms of the Interiordezine.com Web Site Rules and Regulations. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright © 2020 Dezine Holdings Ltd.
%d bloggers like this: