http://www.plangarden.com/about/privacy.php
Web software to lay out, plan and manage your vegetable garden
Username
Password
Forgot Password?   Forgot User?
Navigation
Product
Features/Updates
Pricing
Tutorials
Downloads
Community
Shared Gardens
Updated Gardens
Educators
Support
Support
FAQs
Contact
Resources
Videos
Seed Companies
Vegetable Garden Plot
Plangarden Privacy Policy
Respecting Your Privacy
While you are visiting www.plangarden.com, we want you to know that we
respect your privacy and recognize your desire to protect your personal
information.
However,
failure to provide some information, such as your Email address and ZIP Code, may prevent you from accessing certain
Plangarden
tools, services, news, or promotional offers. Please do not
provide Plangarden with any personal information if you are under 18 years of age.
Use of Your Information
The limited user information we have is used exclusively for Plangarden. You may, however, opt out of certain uses of your personal data (e.g. "Share Garden") as
well as review or request changes to your personal information. We will not share with or sell your information to third parties
without your permission. We may
track the Internet addresses of our visitors and analyze this data for Plangarden trends
and statistics; however, this information alone will not allow us to identify who
you are.
Use of Cookies
Some Plangarden Web pages use "cookies," which are small files saved on your
computer. Cookies help us recognize your user preferences and can improve your
future Web visits, but they do not allow us to identify who you are. You can set
your Web browser to notify you when you are receiving a cookie, and then choose to
reject it. However, rejecting cookies may affect the performance of
Plangarden
Web pages and prevent you from accessing certain Plangarden information.
Emails from Plangarden
Plangarden will send out emails to inform users of site enhancements and new offerings. Users always have the option to inform us if they do not wish to be in our distribution list. We do not sell or distribute email addresses to any third parties!
Conclusion
Plangarden is committed to protecting your privacy and shall update this policy from time to
time to keep it current.
Site Map |
Affiliate Program |
Privacy |
Terms & Conditions |
About Plangarden
Copyright © 2020 Plangarden All rights reserved.