http://www.1001Recipes2Send.com/privacy.html
This is the web site of 1001Recipes2Send.com.
Our postal address is
42 Coverdale Street, Chatham, ON N7L 2T9
We can be reached via e-mail at Chris@1001Recipes2Send.com
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes IP addresses.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information volunteered by the consumer who signs up for membership.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site and is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their Recipe Box and to ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by logging in to the database using your membership userID and password and unsubscribing (details enclosed at the bottom of each newsletter sent).
With respect to Ad Servers:
To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
http://www.google.com/privacy.html
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/browse/-/468496/002-5148862-7414468
We never provide site visitors with access to information that we have collected and that we maintain about others, site members may view the stored information about themselves anytime by logging in to the database using their membership userID and password.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by logging in to database using member userID and password and modifying account information. Click on the Login link on the bottom of all main pages.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses.