http://www.ahrq.gov/policy/electronic/disclaimers/index.html
Skip to main content
Main navigation
Topics
Programs
Research
Data
Tools
Funding & Grants
News
About
Browse Topics
Topics A-Z
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Priority Populations
Children/Adolescents
Elderly
Low-Income
Racial/Ethnic Minorities
Rural/Inner-City Residents
Special Healthcare Needs
Women
Programs
Featured
Clinicians & Providers
Data & Measures
Education & Training
Digital Healthcare Research
Hospitals & Health Systems
Prevention & Chronic Care
Quality & Patient Safety
Research
Publications & Products
AHRQ Publishing and Communications Guidelines
Search Publications
Research Findings & Reports
EPC Evidence-Based Reports
Fact Sheets
Full Research Reports
Making Healthcare Safer Report
Quality & Disparities Reports
Technology Assessment Program
AHRQ Research Studies
Quality and Disparities Report
Latest available findings on quality of and access to health care
Data
Data Sources Available from AHRQ
Data Infographics
Data Visualizations
All-Payer Claims Database
Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP)
Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS)
MONAHRQ
Quality Indicator Tools for Data Analytics
State Snapshots
United States Health Information Knowledgebase
Tools
Featured
Clinicians & Providers
Hospitals & Health Systems
Prevention & Chronic Care
Quality & Patient Safety
Funding & Grants
Funding Opportunity Announcements
Research Policies
Funding Opportunities Announcement Guidance
AHRQ Grants Policy Notices
AHRQ Informed Consent & Authorization Toolkit for Minimal Risk Research
HHS Grants Policy Statement
Federal Regulations & Authorities
Federal Register Notices
Public Access to Federally Funded Research
Protection of Human Subjects
Funding Priorities
Special Emphasis Notices
Staff Contacts
Training & Education Funding
Grant Application, Review & Award Process
Grant Application Basics
Application Forms
Application Deadlines & Important Dates
AHRQ Tips for Grant Applicants
Grant Mechanisms & Descriptions
Application Receipt & Review
Study Sections for Scientific Peer Review
Award Process
Post-Award Grant Management
AHRQ Grantee Profiles
Getting Recognition for Your AHRQ-Funded Study
Grants by State
No-Cost Extensions (NCEs)
Contracts
AHRQ Grants by State
Searchable database of AHRQ Grants, Working Papers & HHS Recovery Act Projects
PCOR
AHRQ Projects funded by the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Trust Fund.
News
Newsroom
Press Releases
AHRQ Social Media
AHRQ Stats
Impact Case Studies
Blog
AHRQ Views
Newsletter
AHRQ News Now
Events
AHRQ Research Summit on Diagnostic Safety
AHRQ Research Summit on Learning Health Systems
National Advisory Council Meetings
AHRQ Research Conferences
About
About AHRQ
Profile
Mission and Budget
AHRQ's Core Competencies
AHRQ at 20
Job Opportunities
Maps and Directions
Other AHRQ Web Sites
Other HHS Agencies
Organization & Contacts
Centers and Offices
Organization Chart
Key Contacts
Careers
Contact Us
Español
FAQs
Home
Policies
Web Site Policies
Web Site Disclaimers
SHARE:
More topics in this section
Policies
Policies
AHRQ Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
Web Site Policies
Accessibility
Web Site Disclaimers
Linking to the AHRQ Web Site
Plain Language at AHRQ
AHRQ Privacy Policy Notice
AHRQ Privacy Program
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
Social Media Standards and Policies
Limited English Proficiency (LEP)
Web Site Disclaimers
Web site disclaimers for the AHRQ Web site, http://www.ahrq.gov.
The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality maintains this Web site to enhance public access to its information and resources.
Information Disclaimer
Information on this Web site is only intended as general summary information that is made available to the public. It is not intended to provide specific medical advice or to take the place of either the written law or regulations.
Information resources are designed to help users better understand the health care system, health services research and medical effectiveness, and their own health and diagnosed conditions. Individuals are urged to consult with qualified health care providers for diagnosis and treatment and for answers to personal health care questions.
Liability Disclaimer
Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the electronic documents and resources provided on this Web site. However, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) makes no warranties, expressed or implied, regarding errors or omissions and assumes no legal liability or responsibility for loss or damage resulting from the use of information contained within.
AHRQ and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) cannot endorse, or appear to endorse, derivative or excerpted materials, and it cannot be held liable for the content or use of adapted products that are incorporated on other Web sites. Any adaptations of these electronic documents and resources must include a disclaimer to this effect. Advertising or implied endorsement for any commercial products or services is strictly prohibited.
Endorsement Disclaimer
Reference on this Web site to any specific commercial products, process, service, manufacturer, company, or trademark does not constitute its endorsement or recommendation by the U.S. Government, HHS, or AHRQ. As an agency of the U.S. Government, AHRQ cannot endorse or appear to endorse any specific commercial products or services.
This Web site has links to other Federal and State agencies, and in a few cases links to private organizations. The inclusion of external hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement or recommendation by the U.S. Government, HHS, or AHRQ of the linked Web resources or the information, products, or services contained therein. The Agency does not exercise any control over the content on these sites. You are subject to that site's privacy policy when you leave this site.
When visiting our Web site, your Web browser may produce pop-up advertisements. These advertisements were most likely produced by other Web sites you visited or by third-party software installed on your computer. AHRQ and HHS do not endorse or recommend products or services for which you may view a pop-up advertisement on your computer screen while visiting our site.
Intrusion Detection Notice
This site is sponsored by the U.S. Government. The use of this server and its contents are monitored for computer security purposes. Any unauthorized access to the computer systems of this Agency is prohibited and is subject to criminal and civil penalties under Federal laws.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, software programs are used to monitor traffic and identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations, and pursuant to any required legal process, information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual.
Page last reviewed October 2014
Page originally created June 2003
Internet Citation: Web Site Disclaimers. Content last reviewed October 2014. Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, Rockville, MD.
https://www.ahrq.gov/policy/electronic/disclaimers/index.html
Back to Top