https://www.taunton.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
About Us
Brands
Woodworking
Homebuilding + Design
Green Building Advisor
Sewing + Crafts
Gardening
Advertise
Careers
Press Room
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 23, 2019
(Download .pdf version)
OUR PRIVACY COMMITMENT
We care about your privacy and want you to know how we collect, use, and share your information and how you can exercise your privacy rights and preferences.  Feel free to contact us if you have questions and we’ll be happy to discuss.  See the “Contact Us” section at the end of this document.
The Taunton Press, Inc. (“Taunton”, “us”, “our” or “we”) developed this Privacy Policy to provide information about collection, use and disclosure of user information on our websites, including, but not limited to, finewoodworking.com, finehomebuilding.com, finegardening.com, greenbuildingadvisor.com, threadsmagazine.com, tauntonstore.com and any other Taunton owned websites (individually and collectively, the “Site(s)”), and on other interactive properties (such as our mobile applications). The Sites and other Taunton interactive properties are collectively referred to herein as “Taunton Applications”. This Privacy Policy also applies to (1) Taunton Applications (however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices, or otherwise); (2) Taunton email and electronic newsletters; (3) Taunton’s offline collection of information (telephone and traditional mail), and (4) any other means or applications on which you connect with us or our products and services, This Privacy Policy is found at http://www.taunton.com/privacy-policy and is incorporated into and subject to Taunton’s Terms of Use.
Use of Taunton Applications   Each time you access or use Taunton Applications you signify that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using Taunton Applications.
TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS:  This Privacy Policy describes rights of California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) pertaining to our use of personal information and our procedures for you to exercise such rights. These are addressed below in the section titled, “Privacy Rights of Users in California.”
To Residents of the European Economic Area:  This Privacy Policy will govern the use of personal information of European Union data subjects when Taunton Applications are used by such consumers.  These are addressed below in the section titled, “Privacy Rights of Users in the European Economic Area (EEA)“.
HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
Information You Provide To Us
Contacting Us. When you sign up for our services or provide your information for a Taunton activity, these transactions create a business relationship with us.   We may send you information about Taunton using the information you provide by telephone, e-mail, or text message (SMS). If you do not want us to communicate with you by any of these means, please click the “Unsubscribe” button or contact us at privacy@taunton.com.
Registration Information. We collect your personal information when you register for Taunton membership sites, use Taunton Applications, update your profile, or interact with other users. We store your information in order to provide the best possible experience on Taunton Applications.
Billing Information.We collect and store billing and credit card information which may be shared with third parties only for the purpose of completing a transaction, such as fulfilling orders and processing payments.
Surveys and Promotions. We may request information from you through voluntary surveys, contests, or sweepstakes.   The information requested typically includes name, telephone number email and mailing address, and for surveys, the information is used to monitor or improve the use and satisfaction of Taunton Applications. For contests and sweepstakes, your information may be used to notify contest winners, award prizes, and report winners’ information as required by law.
User Generated Content. Information you disclose while using public e-mail services, chat areas, messaging tools, or other interactive forums accessed through Taunton Applications which are designed to facilitate your communication with others or post content on the Sites (“Communication Services”), becomes public information, subject to redistribution. There is no expectation of privacy when participating on the Communication Services to protect the integrity of Taunton Applications and meet our obligations under applicable laws. If you post content, such as messages, photos, and videos, personally identifiable information contained in such content is accessible to registered users or visitors to that Taunton Application or Communication Service, and we have no control over how those users may use your personally identifiable information. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor activity and content associated with the Communication Services. We reserve the right to take action in connection with content we deem inappropriate. Review our Terms of Use for more information regarding your use of these areas.
Information Collected for Commercial and/or Business Purposes In addition to personally identifiable information or other information you submit to us, we and our third-party service providers may use technologies that automatically (or passively) collect information when you visit or interact with Taunton Applications (“Usage Information”).  This may include your browser, the URL that referred you to Taunton Applications, the areas within Taunton Applications that you visit, and the time of day, among other information. We may use this Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including enhancing or improving Taunton Applications. We also collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) of your computer or other device used to access Taunton Applications (any, a “Device”). A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to the device used to access Taunton Applications, and our computers identify your device by its Device Identifier. Whenever your Usage Information or Device Identifier is associated with your personal information (for instance, when we also receive your email address), we will treat it as personally identifiable information. A few of the tracking technologies that may be used to collect Usage Information include, without limitation, the following:
Cookies.  A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Site. Cookies may be used to remember you and your preferences and track your visits to our web pages, or to collect information for record keeping and make it easier to navigate the Site. Cookies are stored on users’ hard drives. We use both “session ID cookies” and “persistent cookies.” Session ID cookies are used to store information while a user is logged into the Site and expire when the user closes his/her browser. Persistent cookies are used to make tasks like logging into the Site easier for returning users by remembering a user’s login information. Persistent cookies stay on a user’s hard drive from one session to the next. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a persistent or session cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off such cookies through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
We use cookies to enable functions on our website, personalize content and ads, provide social media features, and analyze our website traffic. We also share information about your use of our website with third party social media, advertising, and analytics organizations that may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Cookies we use fall into the following categories:
Essential Cookies.  These help make our websites usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Advertising Cookies.  These allow us to know whether or not you’ve seen an advertisement or a type of advertisement, and how long it is since you’ve seen it. We also use cookies for the purposes of targeted advertising. We may use cookies set by a third party so we can more accurately target advertising to you. For example, we may show an advertisement about woodworking tools if you have recently visited the tool section of our woodworking site. These cookies are anonymous – they store information about what you are looking at on our site, but not who you are.
Some of the advertisements you see on our websites are provided by third party organizations. Some of these organizations use their own anonymous cookies to track how many people have seen a particular ad, or to track how many people have seen it more than once. The companies that generate these cookies have their own privacy policies, which we do not have access to. These organizations may use their cookies to anonymously target advertising to you on other websites, based on your visit to Taunton websites.
Social networking cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our websites through third party social networking and other websites. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Analytics  Cookies.  These help us track site metrics and user behavior behind the scenes to improve and optimize our sites. This data includes information about what pages were visited, what links were clicked, what terms were searched for, and provides information on the success of our marketing campaigns. This data is used to help determine how our websites can be customized to provide a better user experience. All of the information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how our website works.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer’s website.
Web Beacons.  Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in our web pages and messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to our Sites, monitor how users navigate the Sites, count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened, or count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.
Embedded Script.  An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with Taunton Applications, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Sites, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Information You Provide About a Third Party
If you communicate with someone else from a Taunton Application, such as send an invitation to a friend, the information you provide about the other person (name, e-mail address, etc.) is used to facilitate the communication and not for any marketing purpose, unless we obtain consent from that person, or we explicitly say otherwise. If that person becomes a subscriber to our publications, his/her information will be treated in the same manner as all other subscribers. When you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on Taunton Applications, your e-mail address may be included in the communication sent to your friend.
Information We Collect From Third Parties
We may acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or that we collected automatically, such as to validate or update your address or other demographic and lifestyle information.  We use this to help us maintain the accuracy of information we collect, to target our communications so that we can inform you of products, services and offers that may be of interest, and for internal business analysis or other business purposes.
Third-Party Analytics Technologies We use third-party analytics and other tools to better understand who is using Taunton Applications, how people are using Taunton Applications, and how to improve the effectiveness of Taunton Applications, and to help us serve targeted content. Those third-party companies may use cookies, pixel tags, or other technologies to collect and store anonymous information such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the Taunton Applications, Device Identifiers, type of operating system and browser used, and other web sites you may have visited.
HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Use of Information by Us
We may use information we collect about you: (1) to inform you about services or to process transactions you agreed to or requested; (2) to inform you about new features, products or services; (3) to improve Taunton Applications or your use of these Applications and to customize your experience; (4) to contact you regarding your use of the Site and, in our discretion, changes to the Site and/or the Site’s policies; (5) for internal business purposes; and (6) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We will only share your personal information with third parties when (1) sharing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, (2) we are required to do so by law, (3) sharing is required to protect your vital interests or those of another person, or (4) sharing is necessary for our legitimate commercial interests, unless those interests are overridden by your rights and preferences.
Transactional Communications
We may send you notices about your account or your subscriptions, which may include order confirmations, renewal notices, invoices, or customer service notifications. We may also send you service-related announcements when necessary; (e.g., if our Site(s) is temporarily suspended for maintenance, the delivery of a product is delayed, or there is a service issue with something you ordered). You may not opt-out of receiving these communications which are necessary to the operation of our services and are not promotional in nature.
Service Providers
We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and Taunton Applications or to administer activities on our behalf. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.
Electronic Promotional Offers
We may send you promotional emails with special offers about our publications or services, or on behalf of third-party marketing partners who we think can offer services and products of interest to you. We will not share your personally identifiable information or other information about you with any other companies that provide marketing offers through email; however, we may provide targeted promotional offers on behalf of other companies based on the information you have provided to us. If you do not want to receive promotional emails, you may contact us at (866) 242-4199 for the USA and Canada, Monday – Friday 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM Eastern Standard Time; and +1 (515) 247-2990 for all other international calls; you may click the Unsubscribe link in the body of the email, updating your preferences and pressing Save Your Preferences; or go directly to the Taunton Preference Center.
Even if you opt-out of receiving promotional e-mails, we may continue to send you necessary electronic service notifications related to your account(s) and other products and services you have requested, or in which you are currently enrolled.
Direct Mail Promotional Offers
We may send you offers through direct mail that we feel might be of interest to you. We may also rent your name, mailing address, and other information to reputable companies that provide marketing offers through direct mail.  If you do not want us to send you offers from third parties through direct mail, or rent your personal information with other companies to receive their direct mail offers, please contact Customer Service at (866) 242-4199 for the USA and Canada, Monday – Friday 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM Eastern Standard Time; or +1 (515) 247-2990 for all other international calls. You may also write to us at the street address provided in the Contact Us section at the end of this document, or email us at privacy@taunton.com. If you are a current subscriber, please remember to include your account number, mailing address, and phone number in the body of your email or letter, and if you choose to opt-out via e-mail, please include “Direct Mail Opt-Out” in the subject line. Even if you opt-out of receiving promotional direct mail offers, we may continue to send you necessary service notifications related to your account(s) and other products and services you have requested or in which you are currently enrolled by direct mail.
Third-Party Advertising
We use third-party ad servers and ad networks to serve advertisements when you visit the Sites. These companies, and the advertisers themselves, may use information about your visits on our Sites and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. While serving advertisements to our Sites, these third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your Device, the advertisements and links that appear on the Sites. They automatically receive your Device Identifier when this happens. They may also use tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such advertisers, ad servers, or ad networks. You should consult the respective privacy policies of any advertisers on our Sites to see your options for opting out of their use of such devices.
Opting Out of Third Party Advertising
Some ad servers and ad networks may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt-out of ad targeting from member companies. If you opt-out of receiving targeted ads from ad servers and ad networks on our Sites, you may continue to receive advertising and promotional messages after you opt-out, but it will not be customized or personalized to you based on your use of our Sites and/or third-party websites.
If you would like more information about advertisers’ use of tracking technologies and your option not to accept these cookies, you can go to: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/. If you would like to learn more about how interest-based information is collected, whether the companies we use are part of an industry network regarding behavioral advertising, and to know your choices about not having information used in this manner, you can go to: http://www.aboutads.info/consumers.
Co-Branded Areas
Certain areas on our Sites may be provided to you by third parties such as sponsors or advertisers (“Co-Branded Areas”) and may request that you disclose personal information to them. Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party. If you register for products or services at Co-Branded Areas, you may be providing your information to both us and to the third party. Your personal information will be subject to this Privacy Policy as well as the privacy policy and practices of such third party. We are not responsible for the privacy policy or practices of such third party. You should consult the respective privacy policies of those third party sponsors or advertisers to learn more about their privacy practices.
Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (a “Promotion”) through Taunton Applications that require registration and are governed by Official Rules. When you enter a Promotion, we may ask for personally identifiable information including your name, address, telephone number, and email address for administration of the Promotion and to notify winners. Such personal information may be disclosed to third parties for prize fulfillment and as required by law, (to post a winners’ list or report winnings). If you win a Promotion, you will be given an option to give or withhold your consent for the sponsor of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion.
Legal Matters; Safety
If required or permitted by law (including, but not limited to court order, subpoena, investigation of suspected fraud, illegal acts, violations of our Terms of Use, or activity that may expose us to legal liability), we may, without your consent, disclose your information, communications sent or received by you (including, without limitation, the contents of any chat, messaging, or communication posted in the Communication Services), and other information we have about you or your account. Additionally, we may disclose your information or communications in situations we believe to be: (1) emergencies involving potential threats to a person’s physical safety or property (if we believe your information relates to that threat); or (2) your conduct on Taunton Applications or when using the Communication Services we believe is inappropriate and inconsistent with generally accepted norms of behavior.
Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets
In the event that we, or any of our businesses, are sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets, or otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, personally identifiable information of our visitors may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. Information about our visitors and registered users may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where we or any one of our businesses are seeking financing, investment, support, or funding. In such transactions, personal information will be subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained.
ACCOUNT DEACTIVATION; CHANGES OR DELETION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you want to change personal information you provided to us, or deactivate an account with us, please contact Customer Service at (866) 242-4199 for the USA and Canada, Monday – Friday 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM Eastern Standard Time; or +1 (515) 247-2990 for all other international calls; or email us at privacy@taunton.com.  We will be happy to review, update, or remove information, as requested.
If you deactivate your account, you will not be able to sign in to Taunton Applications or access your personal information, but you can open a new, separate account at any time. If you deactivate your account, we may still retain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and record keeping, as well as to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other policies, or take actions we deem necessary due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to security, integrity, and operation of our Taunton Applications.
If you want to delete your personally identifiable information collected through our Sites, please contact us at privacy@taunton.com, or call us at (866) 242-4199 for the USA and Canada, Monday – Friday 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM Eastern Standard Time; or +1 (515) 247-2990 for all other international calls. You may write to us at:
The Taunton Press, Inc.
c/o CDS
P.O. Box 37610
Boone, Iowa  50037-0610  USA
Attention: Customer Service
In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, we will take all reasonable steps to notify the third parties that you have requested your data be deleted, but we cannot guarantee that all third parties will honor our request.
PRIVACY RIGHTS OF CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS:
The California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) effective January 1, 2020, grants California consumers the following rights:
1. The right to know how we collect your information; the categories of personal information we have collected; the source of the information; how we use the information; and to whom we disclosed the information we have collected about you.
Descriptions of each of these are detailed in the sections above titled, “HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION” and “HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION”.
2.The right to know categories of your personal information sold in the past 12 months. As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy (December 23, 2019), Taunton does not and will not sell personal information of California consumers.
3: The right to receive a copy of the specific personal information collected about you during the previous 12 months.
Under the CCPA, personal information includes the following:
Identifiers (such as name, address, email address, telephone number(s), and cookies which identify you.)
Information protected against security breaches (such as your user name and password,)
Credit card information when you make a purchase
Internet/electronic activity
Geolocation
Customer audio service calls
Professional or employment related
If you would like to receive a copy of specific personal information we collected about you within the 12 months prior to your request (a “Personal Information Request”) please contact us at privacy@taunton.com.
Verified Personal Information Request. Upon receiving your request, we may need to collect further information from you so that we can verify your identity and ensure that you are the one making the request. We are not obligated to act on your request until we verify your identity. Once you are verified, we will respond within 45 days of receiving your request. You have a right to make a verified Personal Information Request only twice in a 12-month period.
4: The right to have your personal information deleted (with exceptions).
If you would like to have your personal information deleted, please contact us at privacy@taunton.com.
In some instances, your personal information may not be deleted if it is required to be maintained to complete a transaction which you requested, for legal compliance, or to investigate security incidents.
5. The right not to be discriminated against because you exercised any of the new rights.
You will not be disadvantaged in your ability to enjoy any of our products or services by exercising your rights under the CCPA.
California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code section 1798.83, Taunton maintains a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes if they have exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. If you do not want us to send you emails regarding special promotions or offers or share your personal information with other companies to receive their promotional emails, follow the Unsubscribe instructions that are located at the bottom of those emails, or you may email us at privacy@taunton.com or call us at (866) 242-4199 for the USA and Canada, Monday – Friday 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM Eastern Standard Time; or +1 (515) 247-2990 for all other international calls. California customers may request further information about our approach to this law also by writing to us at the address provided in the Contact Us section at the end of this document.
In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, we will take all reasonable steps to notify the third parties that you have requested your data be deleted, but we cannot guarantee that all third parties will honor our request.
A Note to Users Who Are EU Data Subjects:  Notwithstanding the previous paragraph, your rights related to your personal information processed by us, and our use and retention of your personal information are subject to your EU Data Rights as described in this Privacy Policy.
CHOICE AND OPT-OUT
You may remove your information from our database to stop future communications from us, close your account, or opt-out of our sharing information with third parties for marketing purposes by emailing us at privacy@taunton.com or sending snail mail (certified mail, return receipt requested is recommended) to the following address:
The Taunton Press, Inc.
c/o CDS
P.O. Box 37610
Boone, Iowa  50037-0610  USA
Attention:  Customer Service
If you prefer not to receive electronic promotional communications, you can opt-out by following the Unsubscribe instructions included in each communication.
Please note that changes may not be effective immediately. In each event, you must clearly indicate the information that you wish to have changed, or clearly indicate that you want to have your personally identifiable information removed from our database, and we will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably possible. We will also take all reasonable steps, but cannot guarantee, that we can inform all third parties (including without limitation our third-party service providers or strategic partners) with whom we have already shared your personally identifiable information of any changes requested pursuant to this section, or for removing information from or causing information to be removed from the databases or records of such entities.
A Note to Users Who Are EU Data Subjects:  Notwithstanding the previous paragraph, your rights related to your personal information processed by us, and our use and retention of your personal information, are subject to your EU Data Rights as described in this Privacy Policy.
Privacy Rights of Users in the European Economic Area (EEA)
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”), effective May 25, 2018, European Union data subjects are entitled to certain specific rights with respect to processing of their personal data.
Under the GDPR, in certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information;
Request the correction of inaccurate or incomplete personal information;
Request that your personal information be erased;
Object to the processing of your personal information, including processing for direct marketing purposes;
Request that the processing of your personal information be restricted;
Request that you receive your personal information in order to transfer it to another data controller;
Withdraw at any time your consent to the use of your personal information;
Make a complaint to an EU Data Protection Authority where you believe that we have not complied with our obligations under this Privacy Policy or applicable European data protection law (including the GDPR); and
We will not transfer your personal information to third parties located outside of the EEA without taking steps to ensure adequate protection under the GDPR.  If a third party is located in a country not recognized by the EU Commission as providing an adequate level of protection, we will use appropriate measures, such as entering into standard contractual clauses, approved by the EU Commission, to protect your personal information. You may exercise any of the above rights by contacting us at privacy@taunton.comor writing to us at the address in the Contact Us section at the end of this document.
A Note to Non-EU International Users
The Taunton Applications are operated in the United States and are intended for users located in the United States. However, we have developed policies and implemented practices to comply with regulations in the European Union and in Canada. If you are located anywhere else outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States.
Your Consent to Transfer Your Personal Information to Our Website.  If you are visiting our site from outside the United States, your information will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States where our servers and central databases are located.
By your agreement to use the Communication Services and acceptance of this Privacy Policy, you consent to such transfer of your personal information for use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How Long We Store Your Information.  We will retain your information unless we have deleted your information in accordance with your request pursuant to this Privacy Policy. If you want to request that we no longer use your information, please email us at privacy@taunton.com or call us at (866) 242-4199 for the USA and Canada, Monday – Friday 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM Eastern Standard Time; or +1 (515) 247-2990 for all other international calls.  However, we will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws, resolve disputes, or enforce our contractual rights.
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES AND PRACTICES
Children’s Privacy
The Taunton Applications are for a general purpose audience and are not directed or intended for children under 13 years of age.  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from individuals under 13 years of age.  If you are under 13 years of age, you should not register or provide personally identifiable information on Taunton Applications.  If we later obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years of age, we will take steps to remove that user’s personally identifiable information from our systems.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on our Sites, with the “Effective Date” posted at the top of the Policy. We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new Taunton Applications, or Community Services, or change existing ones. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal information, you will know because the Effective Date of the Privacy Policy will change. If we plan to use any personal information in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time we collected such information, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to consent to the change. If you do not consent, your personal information will be used as agreed to under the terms of the privacy policy in effect at the time we obtained that information. We will use information previously obtained in accordance with the privacy policy in effect when the information was obtained from you.
DISPUTES
Arbitration
Any dispute, controversy, or claim between us arising out of or relating in any way to any of Taunton’s offerings, products, services, websites, or software will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law shall apply to this agreement.
There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of this User Agreement as a court would.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to Legal Department, The Taunton Press, Inc., 63 South Main Street, Newtown, CT 06470. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes.  You also agree to delegate the issue of arbitrability to an arbitrator.  The AAA’s rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s rules. We will reimburse those fees up to $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. Likewise, Taunton will not seek attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. There will be only one arbitrator, not a panel. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.
Class Action Waiver
We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings or lawsuits will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action.  Therefore, you waive all rights to bring claims on behalf of a class of persons; however, you may still bring an individual claim for public injunctive relief including in small claims court.  If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in any court of competent jurisdiction to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights, including with respect to temporary restraining orders.
If either party files a court proceeding in violation of this provision, he/she/it agrees to be responsible to pay any costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, that is incurred by the other party in enforcing these dispute resolution provisions.
No Rights of Third Parties
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the website.
Links to Other Sites and Communities
To the extent hyperlinks may be used to access external or third-party sites and communities, please note that these external or third-party site and communities are not controlled by us and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of each such site and community to determine how your personal information will be utilized by their proprietors.
Security
We implement safeguards to help protect against loss, misuse, and alteration of information under our control. However, despite our efforts, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission, or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of the Taunton Applications and Community Services, please send your email queries to privacy@taunton.com, or call us at (866) 242-4199 for the USA and Canada, Monday – Friday 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM Eastern Standard Time; or +1 (515) 247-2990 for all other international calls. You may write to us at:
The Taunton Press, Inc.
c/o CDS
P.O. Box 37610
Boone, Iowa  50037-0610  USA
Attention:  Customer Service
Copyright © December 2019   The Taunton Press, Inc.  All rights reserved.
Last Updated:  December 23, 2019
BrandsWoodworking
Homebuilding
Sewing
Gardening
StoreThe Taunton Store
Taunton Workshops
The Taunton PressAbout
Contact
Privacy Policy
Careers
Copyright
Benefits
Customer Service
Product Recall Information
Terms of Use
The Taunton NetworkFine Woodworking
Fine Homebuilding
Threads
Fine Gardening
Green Building Advisor
CraftStylish
#KeepCraftAlive
Vegetable Gardener
Sewstylish
AdvertisingFine Woodworking Media Kit
Fine Homebuilding Media Kit
Threads Media Kit
Fine Gardening Media Kit
SubscriptionsFine Woodworking
Fine Homebuilding
Fine Gardening
Threads
© 2020 The Taunton Press, Inc. All rights reserved.