http://www.cpsboard.org/copyright-and-privacy/
Copyright and Privacy | CPS Board
Program Partners:
Curriculum
Recertification
Award Nominations
Board Membership
Resources
Car Seat Safety
Register
Login
Curriculum
Recertification
Award Nominations
Board Membership
Resources
Car Seat Safety
Register
Login
Copyright and Privacy
CPS Board > Copyright and Privacy
Copyright Statement
This site was produced under the direction of the National Child Passenger Safety Board and is maintained by the National Safety Council under a contract with United States Department of Transportation, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA).
While the information and recommendations contained in the National Child Passenger Safety Board’s website have been compiled from sources believed to be reliable, the National Child Passenger Safety Board makes no guarantee as to, and assumes no responsibility for, the correctness, sufficiency or completeness of such information or recommendations. Other or additional safety measures may be required under particular circumstances.
Links made from the National Child Passenger Safety Board’s website to another domain on the web shall not represent an endorsement by the Board, or by its members, sponsors or partners.
The listing of products and manufacturers on this website should not be interpreted as an endorsement by the parties involved.
Logos and names used herein may be trademarks and should not be copied without permission of the owner.
Privacy Statement
We collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, we do collect and store certain information automatically. Here is how the information about your visit to this website is handled.
What we collect and store automatically:
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit
The Internet domain and IP address from which you access our website
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site
The date and time you access our site
The pages you visit and, if you linked to our website from another website, the address of that website
We use the information we collect to count the number and type of visitors to the different pages on our site and to help us make our site more useful to visitors like you.
If you send us email:
You may choose to provide us with personal information, as in email with a comment or question. We use the information to improve our service to you or to respond to your request. Sometimes we forward your email to our network of technical experts who may be better able to help you. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, we do not share our email with any other outside organizations.
Links to other sites:
While you are using our site, you may be linked or directed to other third party sites outside of this site that are beyond our control. Each of these third parties may have a privacy policy different from ours. Please review the privacy policies of these sites. We are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
© 2020 CPS Board & National Safety Council.
Copyright and Privacy Policy