https://www.dahlia.org/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy of the American Dahlia Society
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to dahlia.org and the American Dahlia Society (ADS) and governs data collection and usage. The ADS website is an information and ecommerce site. By using the ADS website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection and Use of Your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our site, ADS may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
First and Last Name
Mailing Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
Product and delivery details for products you are ordering. Please note, we do not collect any payment information such as your credit card.  Payment information is handled exclusively by PayPal.  Please see their privacy statement for further information.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the site, i.e. buying in our store.
We rely on a number of legal bases to collect, use, and share your information, including:
as needed to provide services, such as when we use your information to fulfil your order, to settle disputes, or to provide customer support
when you have provided your affirmative consent, which you may revoke at any time, such as by signing up for our mailing list;
if necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in connection with a legal claim, such as retaining information about your purchases as required by tax law; and as necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests, if those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests, such as a) providing and improving our services. We use your information to provide the services you requested and in our legitimate interest to improve our services; and b) Compliance with the PayPal Terms of Use. We use your information as necessary to comply with our obligations under the PayPal Terms of Use.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
ADS does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
We share your personal information for very limited reasons and in limited circumstances, as follows:
PayPal. We share information with PayPal as necessary to provide you our services and comply with our obligations under the PayPal Terms of Use.
Service providers. We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services, such as delivery companies and our hosting provider. We will share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these services.
Compliance with laws. We may collect, use, retain, and share your information, without notice, if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) respond to legal process or to government requests; (b) enforce our agreements, terms and policies; (c) prevent, investigate, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of our customers, the public, or the ADS.
Data Retention
We retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to provide you with our services and as described in this Privacy Policy. However, we may also be required to retain this information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce agreements.
Tracking User Behavior
ADS may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within ADS, in order to determine what ADS services are the most popular and other statistical Analysis.  We do our analysis only at an aggregated level.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by ADS. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the ADS website.
We use Google Analytics.  Please see their privacy policies for further information.
Use of Cookies
The ADS website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. for example, to maintain your store cart between sessions.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the ADS services or websites you visit.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Embedded Content from Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if you have visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content.
See the privacy policies of the other sites for more information.
Security of Your Personal Information
ADS secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. ADS uses the SSL Protocol for this purpose:
When personal information (such as ordering information) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
ADS does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
Very occasionally ADS may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you have signed up for our email list, you will receive periodic emails via Constant Contact.  You may unsubscribe at any time.
External Data Storage Sites
We store your data on secured servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to This Statement
ADS reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the site and/or services available through this site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
ADS welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you have questions or comments or believe that ADS has not adhered to this Statement, please contact ADS at dahlia-info@dahlia.org.
Last updated and effective as of February 03, 2019
Privacy Policy in pdf format