https://www.nannypro.com.sg/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHome  >  Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy (“Policy”) sets out the basis which NannyPro Pte Ltd and its related companies (“we”, “us”, or “our”) may collect, use, disclose or otherwise process personal data of our customers of the www.nannypro.com.sg website (“Site”) in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act (“PDPA”) of Singapore. This Policy applies to personal data in our possession or under our control, including personal data in the possession of organisations, which we have engaged to collect, use, disclose or process personal data for our purposes. This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by NannyPro Pte Ltd.We value the trust you have placed in us and respect your privacy. Please read this Privacy Policy to understand how we use the personal information we may collect from you, why we collect it, and how we use it. By providing your Personal Information to us, you are consenting to this Privacy Policy and the collection, use, access, transfer, storage and processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. What does this privacy policy cover?This Privacy Policy explains how NannyPro Pte Ltd collects personal data and how we maintain, use and disclose that information. It also provides details about your privacy rights, along with our general rights and obligations in relation to the personal data we keep on record.We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, events, features or resources we make available on our Site. Personal Information you may provide to us include, but not limited to (depending on the services and nature of your interaction with us)By continuing to use our services via our website or by providing personal data to us, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
2. Who will be collecting your personal dataYour personal data will be collected by NannyPro Pte Ltd for its own use, who might require access to your personal data in connection with its services that provide. Each time you visit our web site statistical data is collected. This data is not linked to a particular person and does not provide us with any personal data.
3. How your personal data will be collected3.1 NannyPro Pte Ltd may collect personal information directly from you when you:Fill up application or registration forms or other similar formsInteract and communicate with the Company at any events or activitiesCommunicate with us (for example when you contact us for any enquiries including by calling our customer service)Register interest and/or request for information of (through our online portals or other available channels)or subscribe to our products and/or servicesvisit or browse our websitesregister or subscribe for our publications (for example, newsletters)use our network and other services of the Companyrequest us to contact you, be included in an email or other mailing listprovide feedback to us (for example via our websites or in hard copy)use some of our services, for examples, websites and apps including establishing any online accounts with usinteract with our customer service officer, for example, via telephone calls, letters, online accounts with uscontacted by and respond to our customer service officer, for example, via telephone calls, letters, online accounts with ussubscribe to any of our Subscription Services, which require us to collect and process payment information from you such as your credit card numbers and billing information, using third party PCI DSS-compliant service providers3.2 Information we collect from third parties From time to time, we may receive Personal Information about you from third party sources including partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities, and publicly available sources such as social media websites.
4. Candidates – Refer to our nannies application4.1 Your personal data may be used in connection with  :your actual or possible work placement;checking your work rights status with any government department or body (or their agents);where legally permitted, to undertake directly or through agents a criminal reference check with relevant government agencies, background checks or credit checks;payment for work completed on a temporary/contract assignment;to follow up with you to offer you work or ascertain your availability for work;your performance appraisals;our assessment of your ongoing performance and prospects;any test or assessment (including medical tests and assessments) that you might be required to undergo;our identification of your training needs;our management of any complaint, investigation or inquiry in which you are involved;any insurance claim or proposal that requires disclosure of your personal data;4.2 Your personal data may be disclosed to:potential and actual clients of NannyPro;other members of NannyPro, clients and third party service providersour insurers;any government department or body (or their agents) to verify your work rights status;a designated, registered training provider in relation to training and personal development opportunities;any person with a lawful entitlement to obtain the information; andselect third parties including suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them; and(where permitted by law) third party providers of criminal, background or credit checking services.We will advise you of our intentions and gain consent before we refer your personal data to our clients for possible work opportunities.
5. If you do not give us the information we seekYou can refuse to provide us with your personal data. However if you do not give us this information, we may not be able to provide our services to you. For example, if you are a candidate we may be limited in our ability to locate suitable work for you
6. Accuracy of personal dataWe generally rely on personal data provided by you In order to ensure that your personal data is current, complete and accurate, please update us if there are changes to your personal data by informing NannyPro writing or via email at the contact details provided below.
7. Your rights – withdrawing your consentYou are entitled to withdraw your consent for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data by giving NannyPro reasonable notice by sending a written request to NannyPro at the contact details provided below.Please note that withdrawing your consent does not affect our right to continue to collect, use and disclose personal data where such collection, use and disclose without consent is required/permitted under applicable laws.
8. Your rights – correcting information you have provided8.1 Protecting your Personal Information NannyPro ensures that your personal information is secured and protected. Your personal information is stored in a database. The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.8.2 Storage of Personal Information The Company will secure storage of the Personal Information collected in the following ways in compliance with the minimum-security measures prescribed under the PDPA, its regulation and standards:register all those who are allowed accesscontrol and limit access based on necessitymaintain proper record of access and transfer of Personal Informationensure all employees of the Company protect confidentialityconduct awareness programmes to all employees (if necessary) on responsibility to protect Personal Dataestablish physical security proceduresbind third parties involved in processing of Personal InformationWe retain the Personal Information we collect for so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data was collected, to perform our contractual and legal obligations, and for any applicable statute of limitations periods for the purposes of bringing and defending claims.8.3 Cookies Cookies are pieces of information that a web server transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the web server more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. The Company web site uses cookies to provide useful features to users. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies.8.4 Disclosure to Third Parties Your personal data may be transferred, assessed or disclosed to third parties for the purposes and additional purposes. Further, the Company may engage other companies, service provider or individuals to perform function on its behalf and consequently may provide access or disclose to your Personal Data to such service provider or third parties referred to in this section (without limitation) :-Governmental authorities to comply with statutory, regulatory and governmental requirementsMinistry of ManpowerData analytics and/or marketing agencyCredit Card verification providersThe Company partners and advertisers, which include parties with whom the Company collaborates with for certain events, programmes and activitiesOther associated companies of the CompanyOther third parties in order to process your commercial transactions;Legal bodies as permitted or required by law such as in compliance with a warrant or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction
9. Using our websiteAs with most websites, when you visit our website, we may record anonymous information such as IP address (where not used to identify a specific individual), time, date, referring URL, pages accessed and documents downloaded, type of browser and operating system.Your acceptance of these termsBy using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.Contacting usOur Privacy Policy is reviewed and updated regularly, and the updated details will always be available on our web site.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:NannyPro Pte Ltd Home PremiSE @ Blk 46 Holland Drive #02-371/372 Singapore 270046 +65 6100 6642 info@nannypro.com.sgThis document was last updated on 03 Jan 2019