https://www.servpro.com/privacy
If you have a fire or water emergency, please call us now at
1-800-SERVPRO
To have the optimal experience while using this site, you will need to update your browser. You may want to try one of the following alternatives:
Microsoft Edge (Windows only)
The latest version of Microsoft Internet Explorer (Windows only)
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Website Privacy Policy
We know that you care how your information is used, and we appreciate your trust that we will use it carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting us, you are accepting the privacy policy described below.
1. What Personal Information Do We Collect?
Information You Provide.  We receive and store any information you enter. For example, when you search for or buy a product or service, or when you supply information such as your name, address, phone number, email address and free form comments, you are not anonymous. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future visits for you, improving our website, and communicating with you.
Other Information: Every computer has an IP (Internet Protocol) address. IP addresses of computers used to visit this site are noted. In addition, we automatically collect other information such as browser types, operating systems, the identity of the visitor's internet service provider and the URL addresses of sites clicked to and from this site.
2. How Do We Use Your Information?
Business Transfers. As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely event that we are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
Law Enforcement.   If we receive a lawful court order to release account or other personal information then we will comply with the law. We will also release information when necessary to protect the life, safety or property of others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
3. How Do We Protect the Security of Your Information?
We use a firewall to protect against unlawful intrusion.
We limit access to your information on a “need to know” basis.
No system can guarantee absolute security, just as the finest lock can not guarantee physical security. However, we take every reasonable precaution to assure that your data is secure.
4. Opt-Out PolicyAt any time after registering for information or requesting service you desire to not receive information from us, please send us a request specifying your new choice to webservices@servpronet.com.
5.  CookiesWhen you visit our site, cookies, which are alphanumeric identifiers, are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser.
6. ChildrenWe do not sell products or services to children. If you are under 18, you may use this site only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
7. Other WebsitesVarious Web sites may be linked to from this site. If you link to another site, your privacy depends on the policy of that site. We strongly urge you to check their privacy policy. Not all sites guarantee that they will not share your personally identifiable information with others. You may also wish to consult privacy guidelines such as those recommended by the Online Privacy Alliance (www.privacyalliance.org).
8. Contact UsIf you would like to learn more about our privacy policy, you may contact us at webservices@servpronet.com. You will be required to provide identifier information to assure that this information is not released to others. We reserve the right to modify this policy in the future.
theservprostoryOur HistoryTed and Doris Isaacson launched SERVPRO in 1967 as a painting business in Sacramento, Calif. About Our History ourleadershipOur Executive TeamThe SERVPRO Executive Committee boasts an average tenure of more than 20 years in the SERVPRO System. Meet The Team news & pressreleasesReview our official press releases for the latest news and updates from SERVPRO Corporate. Our Press Releases awards &recognitionStriving for ExcellenceSERVPRO has been recognized for our Franchise system's focus on helping entrepreneurs succeed.View Our Awards