http://www.bakingmad.com/terms-conditions
Terms and Conditions | Baking Mad
You'll need JavaScript enabled to experience the full functionality of this site. Please enable JavaScript by following the instructions at enable-javascript.com.
Recipes
Bread & Dough RecipesCake RecipesConfectionery RecipesCookies & Biscuit RecipesCupcakes & Muffin RecipesDessert RecipesHomemade Ice Cream & Ice Lolly RecipesIcing & Buttercream RecipesJams, Marmalade, Chutneys & Preserves MakingPancakes & Crepe Batters RecipesPastries, Pies & Tart RecipesScones & Shortcake RecipesSweet Sauces RecipesTraybake Recipes
Explore All Recipes
Baking Tips
In The Mix
Footer Pages
Terms & Conditions
Back to Footer Pages
Terms & Conditions
This page (together with the documents it refers to) outlines the terms and conditions on which we grant you access to and use of our website www.bakingmad.com and the terms and conditions under which we supply any of the products (Products) listed on www.bakingmad.com to you. Please read these terms and conditions carefully before continuing to use Our Site or ordering any Products from Our Site. You should understand that by ordering any of our Products, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. The terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer
About Us
www.bakingmad.com (“Our Site”) is operated by The Silver Spoon Company Limited (“we,” “us” or “Silver Spoon”) which is a trading name of British Sugar Plc. We are registered in England and Wales under company number 00315158 and with our registered office at Weston Centre, 10 Grosvenor Street, London, W1K 4QY. Our main trading address is The Silver Spoon Company, Block B Western House, Lynchwood, Peterborough, PE2 6FZ. Our VAT number is GB289729879
Before you place an order, if you have any questions relating to these terms and conditions, please contact our Customer Service.
Use of our site
You are responsible for keeping your Baking Mad account confidential, ensuring that your account is not used by others and you are responsible for any actions that occur if your account is used by others. If your password becomes known to others you should inform us immediately Baking Mad reserves the right to refuse access to the website and remove or edit content at our discretion.
You warrant that the Personal Information which you are required to provide when you register as a customer is true, accurate, current and complete in all respects; and You will notify us immediately of any changes to the Personal Information by contacting us
You agree not to impersonate any other person or entity or to use a false name or a name that you are not authorised to use.
You may not data mine, reproduce, re-sell, publish or modify any portion of the web site without written consent from Baking Mad.
Users of Baking Mad may post material as long as the content is not illegal, obscene, abusive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties and does not contain any form of commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any content. Baking Mad reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit any content.
If you do post content or submit material, you grant The Silver Spoon Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant The Silver Spoon Company and its sub-licensees the right to use (or choose not to use) the name that you submit in connection with such content.
You may only post content to this website which you own the rights to, which is accurate, and which does not cause injury to any person or entity. You agree to indemnify The Silver Spoon Company for all claims brought by a third party against The Silver Spoon Company in connection with content which you post.
Due to the volume of businesses material featured on Baking Mad, we are not able to verify the accuracy of all information on the site. Therefore, in the event of inaccurate, defamatory or copyright-infringing information appearing on the web site, we agree to endeavour to remove the relevant content within a reasonable time.
All content included on the website, such as text, graphics, logos and images is the property of The Silver Spoon Company or its content suppliers unless otherwise stated and is protected by United Kingdom and international copyright laws.
The compilation of all content on this website is the exclusive property of The Silver Spoon Company and is protected by United Kingdom and international copyright and database right laws.
You may not systematically extract and/or re-utilise parts of the contents of the website without The Silver Spoon Company’s express written consent. In particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (whether once or many times) without The Silver Spoon Company’s express written consent. You also may not create and/or publish your own database that features substantial parts of this website without The Silver Spoon Company’s express written consent.
The Silver Spoon Company respects the intellectual property and reputation of others. If you believe that your copyright has been infringed or that your name, business or reputation has been defamed in any way please notify us immediately.
The Silver Spoon Company is not responsible for the content of sites we link to, or those which link to us. To provide increased value to our Users, we may provide links to other websites or resources for you to access at your sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked website we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not review or endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for
The privacy practices of such websites,
The content of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources or
The use to which others make of these websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services available on such external websites or resources
When you use our website, you'll see that we offer you recommendations, showing products we think you might like and could perhaps miss when you're browsing the site. These are based on your past purchases, top sellers, ratings and recently-viewed products. We determine your interests and suggest new products you may like; additionally we compare your interests and buying habits with the interests and habits of other customers, to show you relevant products. Your recommendations may change when you make a purchase and move around the site. You might like to add products that interest you to your wish list for future reference. We take reasonable care to ensure our recommendations are in line with your behaviour as a customer on bakingmad.com. Details of the products we recommend - such as price - are correct at the time recommendations are originally made to you, but can be subject to change without notice
By subscribing to receive marketing emails you are giving The Silver Spoon Company permission to contact you direct via the email address provided. You may unsubscribe at any time via the link in the emails sent to you. Your contact details will not be disclosed to any third party. Please note that our Privacy Policy and Disclaimer also apply to members of our mailing list.
How the Contract Is formed between you and us
Your order constitutes an offer to us to buy a Product. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an e-mail that confirms that the order has been accepted (Order Confirmation). The contract between us (“Contract”) will only be formed when we send you the Order Confirmation.
The Contract will relate only to those Products whose dispatch we have confirmed in the Order Confirmation. We will not be obliged to supply any other Products which may have been part of your order until the order of such Products has been confirmed in a separate Order Confirmation.
Each Product purchased is sold subject to its Product Description which sets out additional Specific Conditions related to that Product including, without limitation, terms and conditions concerning estimated delivery dates and times, warranties, after-sales service and guarantees.
We will take all reasonable care to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices of Products appearing on the Website are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto the system. Although we aim to keep the Website as up to date as possible, the information including Product Descriptions appearing on this Website at a particular time may not always reflect the position exactly at the moment you place an order. We cannot confirm the price of a Product until your order is accepted in accordance with our Order acceptance policy.
Bakingmad.com may sell products containing intoxicating liquor. For clarity a drink containing alcohol is classified as intoxicating if it contains more than 0.5% of alcohol by volume (0.5% abv). Vintages, labels and closures may vary.
Under the Licensing Act 2003 it is an offence to purchase or attempt to purchase alcoholic liquor if you are under the age of 18, or liqueur chocolates if you are under the age of 16.
www.bakingmad.com is committed to upholding both their legal and social obligations as a retailer of intoxicating liquor. To achieve this we have a number of control checks throughout the purchase and physical distribution process (e.g. requesting your date of birth when the order is placed).
In accepting these Conditions you agree to provide bakingmad.com truthful and accurate information and act in accordance with the Licensing Act of 2003.
We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from the Website. Find out more about our Refund policy which is incorporated into these Conditions.
Non-acceptance of an order may be a result of one of the following:
The product you ordered being unavailable from stock
Our inability to obtain authorisation for your payment
The identification of a pricing or product description error
Your not meeting the eligibility to order criteria set out in the main Terms & Conditions
The contract will be concluded in English.
The details of your specific contract will not be filed by bakingmad.com. If you do require any information regarding orders you have placed with bakingmad.com, please write to us at: Customer Services, BakingMad, Western House Block B, Lynchwood, Peterborough, PE2 6FZ.
Cancellation
Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013 legislation offers you the following cancellation rights when you buy online or by phone:
You are entitled to cancel your contract if you so wish, provided that you exercise your right no longer than 14 days after the day on which you receive the goods or services.
Your right to return products does not apply to goods made to your specification, that have been clearly personalised or which by reason of their nature cannot be returned or are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly.
If you wish to exercise your right of cancellation, you are obliged to retain possession of the goods and take reasonable care of them.
To exercise the right to cancel, you must inform us of your decision to cancel your contract by a clear statement, including details of your name, geographical address, details of the order you wish to cancel and, where available, your phone number and email address.
You can cancel by contacting us via the contact us form.
If you decide to cancel, you should return the goods to us at your cost within 14 days of such cancellation and we will reimburse to you (by the method used to pay for the original transaction) the amount in relation to goods to which cancellation rights apply. This includes the cost of delivery (except for the supplementary costs arising if you choose a type of delivery other than our standard and least expensive method of delivery).
Effect of Cancellation and Refund Policy
If you cancel your order in accordance with these terms and conditions, we will reimburse to you all payments we have received from you (including, if applicable, the costs of delivery except for the supplementary costs arising if you chose a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us) in respect of the returned Products.
We may make a deduction from the reimbursement for any loss in value of any Products supplied, if the loss is the result of unnecessary handling. Unnecessary handling is any handling over and above what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functionality of the products (i.e what you would do in a shop to inspect the products prior to purchase). For the avoidance of doubt, we will not refund Product(s) which have been opened or tampered with or which have been consumed in whole or in part (unless the Products are defective and such defect was only apparent on opening of the Product). It is your responsibility to ensure products are returned in suitable packaging, we will make a deduction from the reimbursement of any items returned damaged if they are not suitably packaged.
Please note that we may withhold reimbursement until we have received the Products back or you have supplied evidence of having sent the Products back, whichever is the earliest. We will then reimburse you within 14 days of the earlier of these two events using the same means of payment used for the initial transaction, unless you have agreed otherwise.
We may have to cancel an order before the Products are delivered, due to an event outside our control or the unavailability of stock. We will promptly contact you if this happens. If we have to cancel an order and you have made any payment in advance for products that have not been delivered to you, we will refund these amounts to you.
We are under a legal obligation to supply products that conform to the Contract. Therefore, if the products delivered are not of satisfactory quality or do not conform to the description provided or any of these terms upon delivery, you may cancel the Contract and obtain a full refund (including a refund of the delivery charges for sending the item to you and the cost incurred by you in returning the item to us) by returning the faulty Products to us at Twinings Direct, 15 Trench Road, Mallusk, Newtownabbey, BT36 4TY within 6 months from the date of purchase. On notifying BakingMad of your faulty goods, please provide proof of purchase (providing your order number will be satisfactory). Please note that we may withhold reimbursement until we have received the faulty Products back or you have supplied evidence of having sent the faulty Products back, whichever is the earliest. We will then reimburse you within 14 days of the earlier of these two events using the same means of payment used for the initial transaction, unless you have agreed otherwise.
Please see our Refund policy for further details.
Availability
The Products shown on this website are a fair representation of the actual terms, although minor details may vary.
All Products offered are subject to availability. We will endeavour to identify any “out of stock” products on our website - occasionally, large or frequent orders might mean we run of stock during the trading day.
Risk and Title
The Products will be at your risk from the time of signed delivery.
Ownership of the Products will only pass to you when we receive full payment of all sums due in respect of the Products, including delivery charges.
Price and Payment
The price of any Products will be as quoted on our site from time to time, except in cases of obvious error.
These prices include VAT if applicable but exclude delivery costs, which will be added to the total amount due as set out in clause 5.
Prices are liable to change at any time, but changes will not affect orders in respect of which we have already sent you a Dispatch Confirmation. Our site contains a large number of Products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the Products listed on our site may be incorrectly priced. We will normally verify prices as part of our dispatch procedures so that, where a Product's correct price is less than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount when dispatching the Product to you. If a Product's correct price is higher than the price stated on our site, we will normally, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before dispatching the Product, or reject your order and notify you of such rejection.
We are under no obligation to provide the Product to you at the incorrect (lower) price, even after we have sent you a Dispatch Confirmation, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakable and could have reasonably been recognised by you as a mispricing.
Payment for all Products must be by Paypal or the following credit or debit cards, Visa, Visa Delta, Visa Electron, MasterCard, Switch, Solo and American Express. Payment will be taken at the time of ordering.
You undertake that the details you provide to us for the propose of ordering or purchasing goods are correct, that the credit or debit card you are using is your own and that there is sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods or services ordered.
Coupons, discounts and promotional discount codes offered by bakingmad.com are valid only for use as part of a purchase made via bakingmad.com, unless otherwise stated.
Our right to vary these terms and conditions
We have the right to revise and amend these terms and conditions from time to time.
You will be subject to the policies and terms and conditions in force at the time that you order Products from us, unless any change to those policies or these terms and conditions is required to be made by law or governmental authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you), or if we notify you of the change to those policies or these terms and conditions before we send you the Dispatch Confirmation (in which case we have the right to assume that you have accepted the change to the terms and conditions, unless you notify us to the contrary within seven working days of receipt by you of the Products).
You may not use the website to promote your own or others goods or services.
We reserve the right to make changes to our website and policies at any time. You will be subject to the policies in force at the time that you use the website. If any of these conditions is deemed invalid or for unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control including software or hardware errors. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Law and Jurisdiction
Contracts for the purchase of Products through our site will be governed by English law. Any dispute arising from, or related to, such Contracts shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Recipes
Bread & Dough RecipesCake RecipesConfectionery RecipesCookies & Biscuit RecipesCupcakes & Muffin RecipesDessert RecipesHomemade Ice Cream & Ice Lolly RecipesIcing & Buttercream RecipesJams, Marmalade, Chutneys & Preserves MakingPancakes & Crepe Batters RecipesPastries, Pies & Tart RecipesScones & Shortcake RecipesSweet Sauces RecipesTraybake Recipes
More
Baking Tips
In The Mix
About Baking Mad
Follow Us
© British Sugar plc 2020
Contact UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyModern Slavery ActSitemapCompetition Terms & Conditions
Create Account
Sign In
We are currently reviewing the account section of Baking Mad which means you will no longer be able to sign in or create a new account on the website for the foreseeable future. You can still browse the site and view our delicious recipes (you can even print them or email them to yourself so you have them to hand). We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.
We are currently reviewing the account section of Baking Mad which means you will no longer be able to sign in or create a new account on the website for the foreseeable future. You can still browse the site and view our delicious recipes (you can even print them or email them to yourself so you have them to hand). We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.
We use cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. To find out more, please read our cookie policy.
At Baking Mad we love cookies. We even place them on your computer. These ones don't contain chocolate chips, but they do allow us to provide you with the best experience. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. To find out more, please read our cookie policy. To bake some of your own, visit our cookie recipes page!
Close