http://www.kraftcanada.com/privacypromise
Favourites
Shopping Lists
Facebook
Facebook
Instagram
Instagram
Pinterest
Pinterest
YouTube
YouTube
Twitter
Twitter
header search icon
search
Close
REGISTER LOG IN
user profile
Kraft User
Kraft Canada Recipes
Recipes
Brands
Articles
SHOP
Recipes
Brands
Articles
SHOP
français
header language image
français
My Favourites
My Favourites
Shopping List
Shopping List
search icon
search
Close Icon
Effective Date: July 29, 2020
Kraft Heinz Canada Privacy Policy
Here at Kraft Heinz Canada, we recognize that many
consumers are concerned about the personal information they provide to us and
how we treat that information. That's why we've developed a Privacy Policy to
address those concerns.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or if you wish
to view your personal information file, change or correct your information or
have it deleted, you can contact us at:
Kraft Heinz Canada Privacy Officer
Kraft Heinz
Canada ULC.
95 Moatfield Drive
Don Mills, ON
M3B 3L6
Or send us an e-mail. We'll be happy to answers your questions or hear your concerns.
Or call us at 1-800-567-KRAFT (9 a.m.-9 p.m. Eastern Time, Monday through Friday.)
Our Policy
This Policy covers Kraft Heinz Canada’s collection and use of consumers’ personal information.
COLLECTION
At Kraft Heinz Canada, we collect
personal information from consumers via direct mail, questionnaires,
sweepstakes, contests, product packaging, in-store promotions, magazines, by
phone and mobile phone, and through our web sites or other on-line means.
However, we don't require you to provide such information in order to
communicate with us. But by providing information, including by registering for
our websites, you may use certain additional features that allow you to receive
or access your favourite recipes and participate in our interactive
communities. Sharing this additional information with us also helps us
customize your website experience. In addition, we may use the information you
provide us to send you offers and information about Kraft Heinz, its
portfolio of brands and its partners. Here are the ways we collect and use
personal information.
Registration
To take full advantage of our offers, you may choose to register
on our sites. In the registration process, we request certain information (such
as your contact information, age, interests and preferences) so we can provide
you with the communications you request, tailor our websites to better meet
your needs and customize our contacts with you.
Online Purchases
Our sites may provide you the opportunity to purchase your favorite products from our online store. In order to purchase from our store, we must collect your name, e-mail, telephone number, delivery address, and payment details, such as credit card number and expiry. We use this information to provide you with the requested products and services, including to prepare, package and deliver your order.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Games
Our sites and other materials may contain notices of contests, sweepstakes and games that you can enter. The information we collect will depend on the contest, sweepstake or game, and such collection will be disclosed to you at the time you participate. We use the information you provide to conduct the promotion (for example, to contact you if you’re a winner).
E-mail
When you ask us to send you recipes, cooking ideas, or other
content by e-mail, you may provide us with certain information like your e-mail
address so we can fulfill your request.
Community
When you participate through the community portions of our
sites, such as using our Recipe Exchange, message boards, or other interactive
functions, you may submit information and content, such as a recipe, rating,
picture, etc. to the site. Remember that what you post or upload to the site
will be publicly available, so please exercise caution when deciding whether to
disclose anything personal about yourself. Kraft Heinz Canada cannot
control the actions of third parties who may view the website and use
publicly-available information for their own purposes.
"Contact Us" Link
If you contact us through the "Contact Us" link on this
site, we ask you for information such as your first name, e-mail address, and
other information, so we can respond to your questions and comments. You may
choose to provide additional information as well.
Other Website Features
We offer visitors to our websites various features for their
enjoyment, which we change from time to time. We may ask you to submit certain
personal information so we can provide you with these features.
Questionnaires and Surveys
We may ask consumers to complete surveys and opinion polls to
provide feedback on activities, attitudes and interests. These surveys help us
understand the needs of our consumers.
Other Direct Communications
We may also communicate directly with you via other methods such
as direct mail, product packaging, in-store promotions, magazines, and by
telephone. Information you give to us when communicating using such methods,
allows us to provide you with the communications and offers you request, or to
conduct promotions, or to help us understand the needs of our consumers and to
tailor our products, websites and communications to better suit those needs.
Information Collected By Automated Means
We may use cookies, web beacons/pixel tags, log files, barcodes
and other technologies to collect certain information about visitors to our
websites, use of our online services, coupon redemptions and interactions with
our emails and online advertisements. For example, through these means, we may
collect your browser type and operating system, viewed webpages, links that are
clicked, IP address, sites visited before coming to our website, emails we send
that you open, forward, or click through to our website. Or we may track
redemptions of coupons downloaded from a Kraft Heinz Canada website.
Collecting this information, and linking it with your personal information,
helps us to best tailor our websites and enhance your online experience by
saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site, and to help
identify products, site features, recipes, advertisements, and offers that may
be of particular interest to you.
We also may use third party advertisements placed by ad networks
to support our sites. Some of these advertisers and ad networks may use
technology such as cookies and web beacons/pixel tags when they advertise on
our sites, which will also send these advertisers and ad networks information
including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our sites,
and whether you have Flash installed. Kraft Heinz Canada as well as some
of these advertisers and ad networks also may use anonymous data, such as
demographic data, received from third parties to assist in the delivery of
advertisements to you, or to advertise their products or services to you.
These advertisers and ad networks use the information described
above to provide you relevant advertisements from third parties when you are on
Kraft Heinz Canada websites, or Kraft Heinz Canada advertisements
when you are on participating third party websites, based on your online
behavior, search activities on our sites and on other third party sites,
demographic information and/or relevant to your general location, so that the
advertising you see on our sites and third party sites more closely reflects
your interests and needs. For example, if you search for, or browse, a recipe
or product on our site, you may see an advertisement from a third party with
information about, or an offer similar to, that for which you were searching or
browsing on our site, or an offer related to a third party whose site you have
visited in the past. You may also see a Kraft Heinz Canada advertisement
on a third party’s website.
We may also use advertising platforms, including Facebook, Pinterest, and Google, to learn more about visitors to our sites, to promote interest-based
advertisements to you, to better understand how you interact with those advertisements, and to develop
new audiences for our products. We may do this by placing web tracking tools on our website or by
converting the name, email address or phone number you have provided to us into a unique value that
these platforms may then compare to a unique value created from information you provided to those
platforms. This allows the platform to show you ads on that platform, and to find other users who may be
interested in our products. Please visit Facebook for information on Facebook’s advertising privacy
policies: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. If you are a Facebook user and would like to opt-out,
please go to the ‘Ads’ tab of your Facebook ‘Settings & Privacy’ page and adjust your Ad Settings, or use the
opt-out features in the advertisement itself. If you are a Pinterest user, you may opt out using your
Pinterest personalization settings or by visiting the AdChoices website: optout.aboutads.info. For Google, you may visit Google Ad Settings and
Google Opt-Out Browser Add-on.
We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance of
Canada’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.
You can set your Internet browser settings to stop accepting new
cookies, to receive notice when you receive a new cookie, to disable existing
cookies, and to omit images (which will disable pixel tags). Note that the
opt-out will apply only to the browser that you are using when you elect to opt
out of advertising cookies. Without cookies or pixel tags though, you may not
be able to take full advantage of all of Kraft Heinz Canada’s website
features. Note, however, that our systems may not be able to recognize Do Not
Track (DNT) headers from some or all browsers.
You can learn more about third party advertiser cookies by
visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada’s page here. If
you would like to see which third parties are collecting information on our
website and/or to opt out of some or all collection, please see more
information here. For more information about your ability to opt-out of
advertising that uses your personal information, you may also contact our
Privacy Officer. Please note that even if you opt-out, you may still see Kraft
Heinz Canada advertisements; however such advertisements are not displayed
to you based on your personal information.
Information Collected From Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources,
including commercially available sources, such as data aggregators and public
databases. This information may include name, demographic information,
interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and shopping
behavior. We also may collect information from your social media programs when
you contact us through a social media platform. We may combine this information
with the information we collect from you to help us tailor our communications
to you and to improve our services and products.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect to contact you from time
to time. For example, we may send you promotional offers, materials, and other
communications and information about Kraft Heinz Canada, its portfolio
of brands and its partners. You may receive these communications in advertising
that is directed to you via third party sites and media platforms, including
social media. We may respond to your comments or questions, or contact you if
needed while processing a product or service you requested through our
websites. We also may use the information you provide to contact you for your
opinions on Kraft Heinz Canada products, services or websites. As described
in this Privacy Policy, we also use the information we collect about you to
improve our website, products and services, and to deliver content that is
customized to your interests. We may make your information anonymous, so that
it is no longer personally identifiable, and use that information for our
consumer research and analysis purposes.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We will not share any information you give us with anyone
outside of Kraft Heinz Canada except as described in this policy. We do
not share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their
own marketing purposes unless you consent to such sharing. We may share your
information with our parent and affiliated companies among the Kraft Heinz
Canada group of companies in order to provide the services you have
requested, or to process or use the information as described in this Privacy
Promise. We may also share your information when required or permitted by law,
and with those suppliers, or advertising and promotional agencies that need to
have access to the information to provide the services you have requested.
We may conduct joint promotions with other companies. We may
share with our promotional partners (and their service providers) certain personal
information as necessary to conduct the promotion. We will not share this
information with our promotional partners for any other purpose unless you
consent to such sharing.
In limited circumstances we may also transfer your information
to potential buyers of all or a portion of any Kraft Heinz Canada
business or other assets. In that case, we will use contractual means to ensure
the potential buyers promise to keep your information secure, and, if the sale
or transfer proceeds, to only use the information for the purposes for which
you disclosed it and in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. In
addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or
against us; such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold
or transferred to third parties. Should a sale or transfer occur, we will use
reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee to only use the
information for the purposes for which you disclosed it and in a manner
consistent with this Privacy Policy.
YOUR CONSENT
By visiting a Kraft Heinz Canada website or participating
in Kraft Heinz Canada activities you consent to the collection and use
of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you
do not wish your information to be collected and used for these purposes, you
should take steps to refuse or disable cookies and other technologies as
described in this Privacy Policy or not participate in an activity.
If
we have collected your information through your participation in Kraft Heinz
Canada activities, you can request the deletion of your information from
our files or change your preferences for the use of that information by
contacting us in any of the ways described at the beginning of this Privacy
Promise unless that information is required for the activity that you wish to
participate in, or is required to be maintained by Kraft Heinz Canada
for audit purposes or by law.
CHANGING INFORMATION
If you're registered and logged onto Kraftcanada.com, you can
always change your preference for follow-up contacts, or advise us of changes
in your circumstances (such as address) just by clicking here and editing your
profile. If you're not registered on the site but receive communications from Kraft
Heinz Canada and wish to change your contact information, you can send us
an email or write to us (see our contact details at top of page).
SECURITY AND RETENTION
We protect your personal information with appropriate security
measures, and we require our suppliers, and advertising and promotional
agencies to do the same. We will only keep your personal information for as
long as it remains necessary for the purpose it was provided or as required by
law. Then we will delete it.
PROCESSING OF INFORMATION OUTSIDE OF CANADA
Kraft Heinz Canada is part of the Kraft Heinz
group of companies. Website hosting, storage and management of electronic
communications, and data processing within the Kraft Heinz group of companies
may be done via servers located outside of Canada. Some of our supplier, advertising,
or promotional agency service providers as described above may also be located
outside of Canada. As a result, your personal information may be accessible to
regulatory authorities in accordance with the laws of other jurisdictions. If
you wish more information about Kraft Heinz Canada’s policies and
practices with respect to the transfer and processing of personal information
outside of Canada, please contact Kraft Heinz Canada in any of the ways
described at the beginning of this Privacy Policy.
KIDS
We do not knowingly or actively collect information directly from kids. If we offer a contest, sweepstake or other offer that will involve minors, we only collect their information with the consent of their parent or legal guardian. Before providing your name, address, or email address to us, be sure to ask your parent or legal guardian if it's ok.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY
Some portions of our websites may be directed to children under
13, where we conduct sweepstakes, games, or other promotions (“Contests”). We
may permit a child under 13 to enter a Contest by giving us a first name, age,
email address, and any other information needed to conduct the Contest, along
with the name, email address, or other contact information of the child’s
parent or guardian. We then notify the parent or guardian about the child's
entry, and offer the parent or guardian an opportunity to withdraw the entry
and remove the information from our files. If the parent or guardian agrees to
the child's participation in the Contest and the child wins, we will contact
the parent or guardian for any further personal information needed for prize
delivery.
We do not use the child's personal information for any purpose
other than completion of the Contest, and we do not share the information with
others (except our supplier, advertising, or promotional agencies in connection
with the administration of the Contest), unless we have the parent or
guardian’s express consent. We do not make a child's participation in a Contest
or any other online activity dependent on the child's disclosing more personal
information than is reasonably necessary.
We also might permit a child to send us an email, or to send an
email to a friend through our site. We will respond to or deliver these emails,
but we do not keep the names, email addresses, or the emails themselves, nor do
we share them with others (except supplier, advertising, or promotional
agencies as described above).
Upon proper identification, any parent or guardian can review any
personal information we have collected from his/her child. The parent or
guardian may also ask that the information be deleted from our files, and may
refuse to permit further collection or use of the child's information. If you
are a parent and wish to exercise these rights you can send us an email or
write to us (see our contact details at top of page).
THIRD PARTY LINKS
Our websites may include links to websites belonging to others.
We have no control over these sites and cannot be responsible for how the
owners of these sites may collect, use or disclose and otherwise treat your
personal information.
Updates To This Privacy Policy
We may change or update portions of this Privacy Policy at any
time. Please check back from time to time so you are aware of any changes or
updates to the Policy. We will indicate the Policy's effective date on the
first page of the Policy.
logo english
logo french
facebook follow
instagram follow
pinterest follow
youtube follow
twitter follow
HELP & SUPPORT
FAQs
CONTACT US
SITE MAP
GET US ON THE GO
RECIPES BY EMAIL
GET TO KNOW KRAFT HEINZ
ABOUT KRAFT HEINZ
TERMS OF USE
KRAFT HEINZ CAREERS
PRIVACY POLICY
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
KRAFT HEINZ SITES
KRAFT HEINZ CORPORATE
MY FOOD AND FAMILY
COMIDA KRAFT
KRAFT HEINZ FOOD SERVICE
KRAFT HEINZ CANTEEN
KRAFT HEINZ BRANDS
BRANDS BY CATEGORY
KRAFT HEINZ PRODUCTS
PRODUCTS BY CATEGORY
© 2020 KRAFT HEINZ CANADA ULC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
CONTACT US TERMS OF USE PRIVACY
AdChoices