https://www.whitegoodshelp.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerWASHING MACHINESTUMBLE DRYERSMORE APPLIANCE TYPESCOOKERS & OVENSDISHWASHERSFRIDGE & FREEZERSBUYINGCONSUMERREPAIRINGRENTINGSAFETYSPARESUSINGYou are here: Home / Privacy PolicyTweetShareSharePinShareMore0 Shares My website address is: https://www.whitegoodshelp.co.uk and https://www.washerhelp.co.ukWhitegoodshelp & Washerhelp The above sites are created, written and run by myself Andy Trigg, a sole trader working from home.I publish free help and advice and I don’t collect any personal data. But in order to remain a free resource I do allow some relevant adverts which can only work if some anonymous tracking is done so I can be credited with any sales. These would be classed as third party affiliate links, which are managed by official affiliate sites.No cookies are used to track anyone’s behaviour or target ads. My ads are only targeted in the sense that I personally choose them to be relevant to my site’s content, which I believe most people won’t mind and may even see as genuinely useful resources. So for example on my reviews pages I may have affiliated links to Which? reviews where if interested you can research more reviews. On my diy repair help articles I will provide ads where you can choose a repairer if you realise you need one – and so on. None of the content is designed to specifically sell products. I write independently covering as many relevant topics as possible, and just place appropriate related ads in the hope that some people will use them and it generally seems to work OK.The main company I use for displaying adverts is Affiliate Window (see Affiliate Window privacy policy)Direct advertisersI have several arrangements with individual advertisers where for a monthly fee I display their adverts and promotional pages where I declare my affiliate relationship and tell users about the company with links to their web sites. No tracking whatsoever is done by myself or the affiliate.Sharing icons Social sharing has gone mental. Everyone seems to be “liking”, Tweeting about and sharing web pages including me. If you like my sites or any specific article please share it with your friends and family as it all helps ensure my survival as a resource.In order to make it easy to share, most websites use third party plugins or code, which generate the little Facebook and Twitter icons you can see all over the internet as do I. Currently most of my pages have this facility too and I currently use the most popular Addthis system (Addthis privacy and data policy)Emails sent to me: Any emails sent to me are treated with total privacy and stored only on my own computer protected by a firewall. None will ever be added to any list or passed onto a third party.If you like my sites..If you like my sites and want to help keep them going please don’t block any ads or cookies, and please use the resources displayed on them if you want to buy anything. Thank you for your supportAndyQuestions?Please feel free to contact me if you have any questionsAdverts Who needs them?Most web sites need income from adverts to survive, just as most TV, radio and newspapers etc. do. If people somehow stopped accepting any cookies or tracking, the internet would slowly shrivel up. If I couldn’t earn any money from adverts on my sites I would be unable to work on them every day..I Use Google AnalyticsAs far as I can see most serious sites on the internet use Google Analytics tracking to see how many people visit their site. By placing a small bit of code provided by Google on each page I can anonymously track which screen resolutions people use, whether they came from a mobile phone or computer and whether they were using Internet explorer, Firefox, Chrome or any other browser. The information gathered has no identifiable data about you whatsoever.All I can see is that x number of people visited my site and x percentage of them used 1024 x 768 screen resolution and Y percentage used 1920 x 1080 screen resolution etc.. It also tells me how many people came directly to my site, or came from a search engine and if so which one. It gives me clues as to how good or bad I’m doing by showing me how many stayed around a while and how many took a quick look and just disappeared almost straight away. This type of tracking is totally anonymous and pretty essential to any web site.WordPress standard privacy informationMy site is run using a standard WordPress (CMS) and the following information applies to all WordPress sites –What personal data does this site collect and why? Comments When visitors leave comments on the site Whitegoodshelp collects the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.Media If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Contact forms Cookies If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you visit my login page, it will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, it will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Analytics Who I share your data with How long I retain your data If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so I can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on my website (if any), I also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your data If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data I hold about you, including any data you have provided to me. You can also request that I erase any personal data held about you. This does not include any data I’m obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where I send your data Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service called Akismet.TweetShareSharePinShareMore0 SharesFooterGo to top of pageAuthorThis site is run entirely by myself, an engineer with 40 years experience in the white goods trade