http://www.hubmaker.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
We take your
privacy seriously. This policy describes what personal information we collect
and how we use it. This privacy policy is applicable to all 'Hubmaker', 'Patio Plants' websites and any other trading names of Mark O'Hanlon
Routine Information
Collection
All web servers track basic information about their
visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses,
browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can
personally identify specific visitors to the website. The information is tracked
for routine administration and maintenance purposes, and lets us know what pages
and information are useful and helpful to visitors.
If you purchase goods online personal details will be passed to use by Paypal. These include your name, address and contact telephone number. It does not include any details of your method of payment. These details are stored both within a password protected gmail email acount and a paper copy is kept with postage/courier receipts and are only used to process and ship your order and contact you in the event on any problems with that order. Paper records are
filed for 5 years behind a locked door. We do not process any card payments via telephone.
We do not have a database of customer information and we never send out any mailshots directly or indirectly.
We will not give or sell any information to third parties.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Where necessary,
this site uses cookies to store information about a visitor's preferences and
history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with
customized content.
Advertising partners and other third parties may also
use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order
to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done
directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their
own privacy policies. We use google adsense and google analytics. See How Google Uses Your Data
Controlling Your
Privacy
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable
cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not
recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is
to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser
documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking
mechanisms.
Special Note About Google
Advertising
Any advertisements served by Google, Inc., and
affiliated companies may be controlled using cookies. These cookies allow Google
to display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google
advertising services. As
mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other
mechanisms is subject to Google's own privacy policies. You can opt out of Google's cookie usage.
About Google
advertising: What is the DoubleClick DART cookie? The DoubleClick DART cookie is
used by Google in the ads served on publisher websites displaying AdSense for
content ads. When users visit an AdSense publisher’s website and either view or
click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser. The data
gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers better serve
and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web. Users may opt out of the
use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network
privacy policy.
Affiliate Programmes
We participate in a number of selected
affiliate programmes:
Amazon
Hubmaker is a participant in the Amazon Europe S.à r.l. Associates
Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for
sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to
amazon.co.uk
Contact
Information
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be
directed to info@hubmaker.com for further clarification.