https://www.nfcc.org/consumer-privacy-policy/
If you have been impacted by COVID-19, our team is here to help, learn more > NFCC - Financial health for the rest of us® Start here Give us a call NFCC - Financial health for the rest of us® GET FREE HELP NOWCall NFCC at800.388.2227
Consumer Privacy PolicyFacts What Does NFCC® Do With Your Personal Information?FactsWhat Does NFCC® Do With Your Personal Information?Why?Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.What?The types of personal information we collect can include:Social Security number, income, assets, and liabilitiesAccount balances and transaction historyCredit history and payment historyHow?All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons NFCC® chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.Questions? Call (202) 677-4300 or view our privacy policy.What we doHow does NFCC® protect my personal information?To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal and state law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.How does NFCC® collect my personal information?We collect your personal information, for example, when you:give us your income, account balances, credit history, employment information, or contact information;We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.Why can’t I limit all sharing?Federal law gives you the right to limit only:sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthinessaffiliates from using your information to market to yousharing for nonaffiliates to market to youState laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for information on your rights under certain State laws.DefinitionsAffiliatesCompanies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.NFCC® has no affiliates.Non affiliatesCompanies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.Non affiliates we share with can include your financial service providers or creditors; Member Agencies; the administrators, intermediaries, or other entities that fund and manage grants; and NFCC®’s service providers, agents, or representatives.Joint MarketingA formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.Our joint marketing partners include Member Agencies.Other Important InformationInformation for Residents of Vermont, Nevada & CaliforniaVermont. NFCC® will not share Personal Information we collect on Vermont residents with affiliates or entities outside NFCC® except with their written authorization.Nevada. Nevada law requires that we also provide you with the following contact information:Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; Telephone Number – (702) 486-3132; Electronic Mail – bcpinfo@ag.state.nv.us.National Foundation for Credit Counseling, 2000 M Street, NW, Suite 505, Washington, DC 20036; Telephone Number – (202) 677-4300; Electronic Mail – privacy@nfcc.org.California. California law requires us to provide a separate notice to California residents. To access this notice click here.