http://www.sunrisepreschools.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
ONLINE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SUNRISE PRESCHOOLS
Use of this website, and information distributed in conjunction with this website, including without limitation is offered to you on your acceptance of these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this website. This website is best viewed using a contemporary browser. Your use of this website or of any content presented in any and all areas of the website indicates your acknowledgment and agreement to these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and other notices posted on this website. If you do not agree to be bound by and comply with all of the foregoing, you may not access or use our information, services, or website.
Sunrise Preschools shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of these Terms of Use without notice or liability to you. Any changes to these Terms of Use shall be effectively immediately following the posting of such changes on this website. The most recent version of these Terms of Use may always be found on this page. You agree to review these Terms of Use from time to time and agree that any subsequent use by you of this website following changes to these Terms of Use shall constitute your acceptance of all such changes.
DISCLAIMERThis website is for informational purposes only. It is provided to you solely for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for purposes of distribution, public display or performance, or any other uses by you in any form or manner whatsoever. Unless otherwise indicated on this website, you may display, download, archive, and print a single copy of any information on this website, or otherwise distributed from Sunrise Preschools, for such personal, non-commercial use, provided it is done pursuant to the User Conduct and Obligations set forth herein.
Sunrise Preschools has used its best commercial efforts to obtain the most accurate and timely information available. Accordingly, we do not guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, reliability or completeness of any of the information contained on, downloaded or accessed from this website.
The performance of this website and all information contained on, downloaded or accessed from this website are provided to you on an "as is" basis, without warranties of any kind whatsoever, including any implied warranties or warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of the rights of third parties. Sunrise Preschools shall be not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer on-line systems, servers, Internet access providers, computer equipment, software, or any combination thereof including any injury or damage to your or any other person's computer as a result of using this website.
Sunrise Preschools reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, disable access to or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any part or all of this website or any information contained thereon without liability or notice to you.
As a visitor to our website, you acknowledge and agree that any reliance on or use by you of any information available on this website shall be entirely at your own risk. In no event shall Sunrise Preschools nor any of its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential or exemplary damages arising from the use or the performance of this website, even if Sunrise Preschools or such provider has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Call Us
Contact Us