http://www.military.com/history/how-ruth-bader-ginsburg-helped-end-militarys-policy-of-forced-abortion.html
American Military History
How Ruth Bader Ginsburg Helped End the Military's Policy of Forced Abortion
In this July 20, 1993, file photo, then-Sen. Joseph Biden, D-Del., chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, talks to Supreme Court nominee Judge Ruth Bader Ginsburg prior to the start of her confirmation hearing before the committee on Capitol Hill in Washington.The Supreme Court says Ginsburg has died of metastatic pancreatic cancer at age 87.
(AP Photo/John Duricka)
Military.com
|
By
Blake Stilwell
Before 1970, women serving in the military were discharged for becoming mothers. This meant that pregnant women in uniform were forced to make a choice: Leave the military to become mothers or risk an illegal (and then-dangerous) abortion.
Air Force Capt. Susan Struck, a nurse serving in Vietnam, decided to fight the rule. Her attorney in the case was Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Although the Supreme Court ultimately declined to hear Struck v. Secretary of Defense, Ginsburg's legal wrangling led to the Air Force's decision to reverse its policy.
Struck's pregnancy resulted in her being transferred to a base in Washington, the only state where abortion was legal in 1970. In writing the facts of the case, Niel Siegel of Duke University's School of Law notes that Struck intended to give the child up for adoption and had 60 days of accrued leave for recovery time. Despite this, a disposition board gave her a choice: Have an abortion on base or leave the military.
The career officer was a devout Catholic, and her religious views would not allow for an abortion. Nor was she going to accept the end of her military career. Struck opted instead to sue the Department of Defense over its policy; the American Civil Liberties Union sent her representation -- a future member of the U.S. Supreme Court.
Ginsburg won a stay for Struck's discharge, arguing that the only conspicuous difference between men and women was that "only women become pregnant; and if you subject a woman to disadvantageous treatment on the basis of her pregnant status ... you would be denying her equal treatment under the law."
She also argued that no other temporarily disabling physical conditions (such as a broken bone) resulted in a military discharge and that male officers were not discharged upon becoming parents. These were violations of Struck's constitutional rights of equal protection, right
to privacy and her free exercise of religion, Ginsburg said.
Both the district court and the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals found these arguments "constitutionally irrelevant." When the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case, the Solicitor General of the United States, Erwin Griswold, convinced the Air Force to abandon the policy. When it did so, the court dropped the case and remanded it to the Ninth Circuit Court.
The Struck case has gone largely unremembered by history because the Supreme Court never heard oral arguments. Three years later, the case would be overshadowed by a much larger case with far-reaching consequences, Roe v. Wade.
Later, as a Supreme Court Justice, Ginsburg would often remark that she wished Struck had been the first reproductive rights case the Supreme Court heard, rather than Roe v. Wade. The Roe case legalized abortion procedures based on the due process clause of the 14th Amendment. A decision in Struck would have provided for reproductive rights based on the Air Force officer's rights to equal protection under the law, her right to privacy and her right to free exercise of religion.
-- Blake Stilwell can be reached at blake.stilwell@military.com. He can also be found on Twitter @blakestilwell or on Facebook.
Want to Learn More About Military Life?
Whether you're thinking of joining the military, looking for post-military careers or keeping up with military life and benefits, Military.com has you covered. Subscribe to Military.com to have military news, updates and resources delivered directly to your inbox.
Show Full Article
Related Topics: Military History
Womens History Month
Under the Radar - Entertainment News
© Copyright 2020 Military.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
You May Also Like
'The Mauritanian' Suggests That America Went Too Far at Guantanamo
The movie is based on the real-life story of Mohamedou Ould Slahi, held for more than a decade for alleged terror ties but...
6 Facts About Chuck Yeager That Prove He Always Had 'The Right Stuff'
U.S. Air Force Brig. Gen. (ret) Charles E. "Chuck" Yeager died on Dec. 7, 2020.
Military Esports Warriors Answer the 'Call of Duty' to Raise Money for Veteran Employment
If you're really into the military streaming scene, you'll know the handles of some of the players joining these U.S. and U.K...
'American Skin:' How Far Should a Marine Go to Seek Justice for His Dead Son?
Nate Parker plays a Marine who served in Iraq. He's back home trying to have a normal life when tragedy strikes.
Entertainment
Entertainment
Movies
Games
Autos
Music
Television
Off Beat
Books
Military Fitness
Military Equipment
Military Trivia Game
Outdoor Guide
Military History
Travel
Select Service
Army
Marines
Navy
Air Force
National Guard
Coast Guard
Spouse
Login
army
My Profile
Army Home Page
navy
My Profile
Navy Home Page
air force
My Profile
Air Force Home Page
marines
My Profile
Marines Home Page
coast guard
My Profile
Coast Guard Home Page
national guard
My Profile
National Guard Home Page
Spouse
My Profile
Spouse Home Page
My Profile
News Home Page
History Quizzes
Military Aircraft Identification Quiz
Think you're a Top Gun at aircraft identification? We've created a quiz to test your ability to recognize military aircraft.
Air Force History Quiz
In honor of the Air Force's birthday, we've put together this Air Force history quiz. Test your knowledge!
Army Birthday Quiz
How much do you know about the founding of the U.S. Army?
Coast Guard Quiz
In honor of the Coast Guard's birthday, we've put together a quiz on the service's history and traditions.
Marine Corps History Quiz
In celebration of the Marine Corps' birthday, Military.com has put together this Marine Corps history quiz.
Navy History Quiz
Test your Navy knowledge with this Navy history quiz by Military.com.
Spotlight: U.S. Army
2 Fired, 12 Suspended Following Fort Hood Deaths Investigation
The Army took these actions after the panel discovered a failure to "address sexual assault and harassment" among its...
Pearl Harbor Survivor Shares Memories at Remembrance Day Ceremony
On that fateful date 79 years ago, Herbert Elfring, who was 19 years old at the time, was a...
How the Army Museum Makes Its Extremely Lifelike Soldier Models
A new model, titled "Corporal on Patrol in Ramadi," highlights the growing role of women in combat during the...
Military Dogs Train to Fly in Helicopters
Army Maj. Robert Miller, commander of the 994th Medical Detachment Veterinary Services Support, elaborates on recent Blackhawk cold/hot load...
Army Test-Drives Advanced Targeting System
The Advanced Targeting and Lethality Aided System (ATLAS) uses cutting-edge sensing technologies and emerging machine-learning algorithms to automate manual...
View more