http://www.brittanyshope.org/privacy
Adoption Grants
¦
Child Sponsorship
¦
Orphan Care
¦
Fundraising Events
Donate Now
Donate
¦
Contact Us
¦
About Us
¦
Site Map
¦
Mailing List
Brittany's Hope Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and site map.
Credit Card Processing
Brittany's Hope uses a redundant, 256-bit encryption algorithm that keeps your information very secure. Our security measures far exceed PCI Compliance standards. Credit Card numbers will never be revealed to staff members at any point during or after your online transaction.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Brittany's Hope website. On some pages, you can make donations, order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. All donations and product orders are handled securely through our credit card processing system, which at no point reveals credit card information to our staff. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
(etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's details. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when making a donation or placing an order only to complete that transaction. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to process that donation or complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else (such as when you make a donation in honor of someone else, or purchase an item for someone else) only to notify that person that you have made a donation in their honor or to ship the product to them, unless you request otherwise. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards which you can ask us to send to the recipient. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not shared with any outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. We utilize Google Analytics to get information about how visitors arrive at our site, but do not disclose that information to outside parties.
We offer the option to sign up for our newsletters.
Your email address and home address are used only for the purpose of mailing or emailing newsletters and event notifications, and are not shared with outside parties.
You may choose to opt-out or be removed from our postal mail or email lists at any time. On some forms, you have the option of subscribing to information from a third party.
With your permission, we will share limited information about you, including your name, address and email address.
Finally, we never use or share any information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
The children listed in our Waiting Children section are protected as well.
Depending on a country or agency's preferences, we might not publish their real first names or photos.
We never publish their full birth dates or surnames.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us online or by calling 717-367-9614. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows an error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 717-367-9614 or contact us online.
Inspired By & Dedicated To Brittany Ann O'Connell, a special adopted child who brought joy to many
December 22, 1975 to January 19, 1999
© Brittany's Hope
1160 North Market Street
Elizabethtown, PA 17022
P: 717.367.9614 / F: 717.689.4571
We are a 501(c)3 non-profit organization.
Contact Us   ¦   A Tribute to Brittany   ¦   Our Privacy Policy
follow us: