https://www.designboom.com/privacy/
privacy policy publish my workpromote my projectshare my vision PRODUCT LIBRARY
in alliance with ARCHITONIC
last update: may 23rd, 2018 we created this policy with a fundamental respect for our users’ right to privacy and to guide our relationships with our users. this page provides information on: – how we process your personal data – the information we collect from you, – how we use that information, and – your rights to edit/delete the information you provide us  data protection controllerregistered users are welcome to ask us to edit or delete their stored data on designboom at anytime, for any reason. the data controller is designboom srl, via francesco olgiati 25, milan, italy the person responsible for privacy protection is massimo mini <[email protected]>.  data we collectwe collect information about the ways people visit and interact with our site in the form of anonymous traffic analytics.for certain selected services, users must first register. below are the services in which users would provide data to designboom: – freely register to receive designboom’s newsletters. – freely register to comment on our articles. – freely register to submit articles via the readers submissions platform. – freely register to participate in a designboom competition. – freely register to promote a competition on designboom. – freely register to use the online shop platform on designboom. – freely register to join offline events curated by designboom. for newsletter subscribers, we only store e-mail addresses. for all the other listed required services, we store email addresses, passwords, names, surnames and country of residence.  how we use this informationwe use the information we collect for the following purpose: to enable us to provide users with the service they registered for, and provide them with the best experience possible.  how this information is sharedgenerally speaking, we do not share personally-identifiable information with anyone.when users register to submit articles via the readers submissions platform, or to comment on published articles, we publish only the chosen signature at the bottom of the article, or in the comment — no other data is made public.when users register to use the online shop platform as sellers  on designboom, email addresses, names, surnames and country of residence are made public with the only purpose of facilitating the service you’ve registered for.when users register for participating in co-branded design competitions, or when users register to join offline co-branded events curated by designboom, we may share your email address, your name, surname and country of residence with the co-organizer with the only purpose to provide the users with the service they registered for.letters to the editor and similar submissions may be made public.requests for support or information may be forwarded as needed in response to a specific request.  links to other websites and serviceswhen you use a link on designboom that directs to an external site or service, the privacy policy and data processing procedure for that site may be different from our own privacy policy. we encourage readers to always check each site or service privacy policy.  retentionwe will retain information as long as necessary to provide the users with the services they registered for. for users registering for services which foresee the possibility to apply for the same service multiple times in the future, (like publishing a second article when they register to submit articles via the readers submissions platform) we will store their data to facilitate the services they registered for.  your rightsyour rights include the ability to edit and request the deletion of your personal information. remember, users are welcome to ask designboom to delete their stored data on designboom at anytime. the person responsible for privacy protection is massimo mini <[email protected]>.users can manage their profile and edit their personal data details via the user profile page here: https://www.designboom.com/user-profile.should users wish to change their newsletter subscription preferences, and view options for staying updated with designboom’s daily and weekly stories, they can do so here: https://www.designboom.com/edit-newsletter-details  securityfor services which require a password, we encourage users to choose it carefully and keep it secure.we use reasonable precautions to protect our users’ personal information and to store it securely on our own property servers, located within the EU. our servers are accessed only by our dedicated team, which respond directly to the person responsible for privacy protection. we follow industry-standard practices to protect the data we collect, and we use the highest encryptionand security systems both for storage and backup.no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is completely secure though. in case of a data breach, our dedicated team will enact all the possible measures to mitigate the damages.  data protection authoritydesignboom is a registered italian company – IT 06392880966 the italian data protection authority is the: GARANTE PER LA PROTEZIONE DEI DATI PERSONALI piazza di monte citorio, 121 – 00186 roma http://www.garanteprivacy.it/home_enKEEP UP WITH OUR DAILY AND WEEKLY NEWSLETTERS
daily - see sample
weekly - see sample
READERS SHOP
your own online design shop — no sales commission collected start sellingdirect businessno commissionsdesignboom will always be there for you milan, new york, beijing, tokyo,  since 1999 X 5since 1999architecturedesignarttechnologyinteriorsinterviewswatchescontributereaderspopular todayvideocompetitionsshopproduct librarysocializeinstagramfacebooktwitterpinterestrssabout uscontact usdesignboom cnTHE DESIGN PRIZEadvertiseprivacy policycookie policycopyrightkeep up with our daily and weekly stories
daily daily - see sample
weekly - see sample