http://www.recipelink.com/privacy.html
My Recipe Box
Menu
Home
Recipe Swap
Latest Additions
Recipe Categories
Collections
Daily Menus
Copycat Recipes
Add or Request a Recipe
Site Map
Sign In
All RecipesCookbook RecipesRelevanceDate
Recipelink.com Privacy Policy - Updated: 05-04-2018
We do our very best not to infringe upon your freedom to surf the internet.
The only information we collect from your surfing is to monitor traffic
flow on our sites (which pages are viewed and how often), to maintain security (in case of hacking),
and to keep our sites up to date. We do not store your IP address, browser type or platform.
If you sign up for a recipebox account when you sign into RECIPELINK we set a session-based cookie.
This cookie is used so the website can remember who you are when you try to add something to your recipbox.
Session-based means that when you close your browser or shut down your computer, the cookie is erased (but not the data you added to your recipbox!).
This is why you have to sign in order to use your recipebox. Session-based cookies are safer since the data isn't stored any longer than necessary.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (NOT including your name,
address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies,
CLICK HERE
Any information given voluntarily, such as an email address used to sign up for our recipebox, is used for internal purposes only and is
NEVER, EVER sold or given to anyone outside of RECIPELINK. Voluntarily submitted addresses may be used for correspondence from RECIPELINK regarding recipbox accounts,
important changes to the website, or other messages. You may easily opt out of this correspondence by cancelling your recipebox service by sending an email to HERE.
All posts to the site are revieved and edited accordingly by our staff.
Email addresses entered by visitors to send recipes from the website are NOT stored or recorded by RECIPELINK.
RECIPELINK does maintain relationships with outside companies and websites but your only contact with them is if you click on a banner or link and are redirected to their site.
We can not control their use of information and urge you to be aware that you will be subject to their privacy policy once leaving our site. While we try to partner with the
most reputable companies, we are not responsible for actions. Please feel free to report any misuse of information from outside companies so we can evaluate our partnerships with them.
RECIPELINK is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
If you feel that your privacy has been violated in any way by this website, please contact us and let us know.
Exponential Interactive - Privacy Policy
Exponential Interactive, Inc, as our partner, have a legitimate interest to collect and profile personal data in the form of IP address
and cookie ID from users on our website in order to provide targeted online advertising and ad measurement. For more details including
opt-out requests, access requests or complaints, please review their privacy policy
or contact their data protection officer via privacy@exponential.com
Google - Privacy Policy
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website or other websites.
Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting HERE.
Please review their Privacy Policy.
Cookies and You
You've heard a website uses cookies. But what does that mean?
please visit HERE
for more information about website cookies.
Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: HERE
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or
recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser. The Kitchen Link, Inc. is not responsible for the policies or content of
sites we link to.
We caution you not to disclose e-mail addresses or personal information about yourself or anyone else to
visitors on our site. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own
risk. By using this site, you signify your assent to the Recipelink.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to
this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of Recipelink.com following the posting of changes to these terms will
mean you accept those changes. Thank you.
All
Recipes
ISO
Surprise!
Latest Recipes Posted
Collin St Bakery Fruit Cake tips - made it!
re: Collin St Bakery Fruit Cake question (fruitcake without butter or oil)
This Week's Mix-and-Match Daily Menu Planner Is Online - December 6-12
Hungarian Goulash Better Homes and Gardens (variation)
Collins St Bakery Fruit Cake
Latest Requests
Question about Collin St Bakery fruitcake recipe
Nordic Bundt Pan recipe 60's or early 70's lemon
ISO: Tippy's Taco Chili
Sunset Magazine Fruitcake recipe (70s/80s)
PieDart question
All Latest Posts
I'm happy to hear that Ana!
Recipe(tried): Collin St Bakery Fruit Cake tips - made it!
Thank You: Kenny Kings Onion Rings
Outback Queensland Chicken Salad Dressing (ingredients)
Recipe: re: Collin St Bakery Fruit Cake question (fruitcake without butter or oil)
Random Recipes
Grecian Chicken Breasts (Gina, Fla) (repost)
02-18-10 Recipe Swap - Letter Q Recipes
Shrimp Finger Sushi and How to Make Sushi Rice
Blueberry Swirl Cheesecake
Orange Poppy Seed Mini-Muffins (using yogurt)
What's Cooking
Buttercrust Bread
"After rising in the pan, the loaf is given a deep slash down the center to cradle the melted butter poured over the top before baking, lending a golden hue." - From: The Neighborhood Bake Shop
All Breads - Yeast Breads
Crunchy Croutons
More Recipes for and Using Croutons...
More Collections
</html