http://www.nannyjob.co.uk/privacy
Nannyjob Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
We collect information about you to carry out our core business and ancillary activities. This privacy notice provides you with details of how Jobs On The Net Ltd (the parent company of Nannyjob.co.uk) (“the Company”) collect and process your personal data, whether you’re a parent, a carer, an agency or supplier or another third party.
The Data Controller is Jobs On The Net Ltd, registration number 03808640. Our principal place of business is 40 Lees Gardens, Maidenhead, Berkshire SL6 4NN.
Our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) is Paul Booth, 40 Lees Gardens, Maidenhead, Berkshire, SL6 4NN.
Our policy complies with UK law accordingly implemented, including that required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our website.
Your rights
As a data subject, you have a number of rights. You can:
access and obtain a copy of your data on request;
require the company to change incorrect or incomplete data;
require the company to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing;
object to the processing of your data where the company is relying on its legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing; and
ask the company to stop processing data for a period if data is inaccurate or there is a dispute about whether or not your interests override the company's legitimate grounds for processing data.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact the DPO as above.
If you believe that the company has not complied with your data protection rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner.
The bases on which we process information about you
The law requires us to determine under which of six defined bases we process different categories of your personal information, and to notify you of the basis for each category
Information we process because we have a contractual obligation with you
When you buy a product or service from us, or otherwise agree to our terms and conditions, a contract is formed between you and us. In order to carry out our obligations under that contract we must process the information you give us. Some of this information may be personal information.
We may use it in order to:
verify your identity for security purposes
sell products to you
provide you with our services
provide you with suggestions and advice on our products and services
We process this information on the basis there is a contract between us, or that you have requested we use the information before we enter into a legal contract.
Additionally, we may aggregate this information in a general way and use it to provide class information, for example to monitor our performance with respect to a particular service we provide. If we use it for this purpose, you as an individual will not be personally identifiable.
We shall continue to process this information until the contract between us ends or is terminated by either party under the terms of the contract.
Information we process with your consent
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal ground for processing your personal data, other than in relation to sending marketing and newsletter communications to you via email or text message.
You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by changing your Email Permissions in your account or by emailing us.
Information we process for the purposes of legitimate interests
Where we process your information on this basis, we do after having given careful consideration to:
whether the same objective could be achieved through other means
whether processing (or not processing) might cause you harm
whether you would expect us to process your data, and whether you would, in the round, consider it reasonable to do so
For example, we may process your data on this basis for the purposes of:
record-keeping for the proper and necessary administration of our business
responding to unsolicited communication from you to which we believe you would expect a response
protecting and asserting the legal rights of any party
insuring against or obtaining professional advice that is required to manage business risk
protecting your interests where we believe we have a duty to do so
Set out below is a description of the ways we intend to use your personal data and the legal grounds on which we will process such data. We have also explained what our legitimate interests are where relevant. We may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground, depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services.
We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website ("profile data"). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, educational details and employment details. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services ("service data"). The service data may include your work history as a childcarer or your family requirements as a parent/agency. The source of the service data is you. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you.
The legal basis for this processing our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions.
The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
Information we obtain from third parties
In addition, we may obtain information about our candidates from other sources such as job board websites, online CV libraries, references, personal recommendations, and referees. Such information shall be held by us for the purpose of complying with our obligations to our clients and candidates.
Sharing your personal data
We may share your personal data with the parties below under the bases described above:
Parents, Carers and Agencies to fulfil our service.
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Companies identified as Partners during the registration process.
Professional advisers.
HMRC, regulators and other authorities with jurisdiction.
Access to your personal information
At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by signing in to your account on our website.
To obtain a copy of any information that is not provided on our website you may email us.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other
rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Removal of your information
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website, you may mark your account as deleted or alternatively, contact us.
This may limit the service we can provide to you.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are very small software programmes that sit on your
browser and improve the speed with which information can appear on your screen, and may
provide us with information as to how users use our online services. If you do not wish to
receive cookies, you can block them on your browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website;
Status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website;
Personalisation - we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you;
Security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally;
Analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services; and
Cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website.
Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Retention period for personal data
Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal information only for as long as required by us:
to provide you with the services you have requested;
to comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax authorities;
to support a claim or defence in court.
By using this website you agree to our cookie policy and personalising your online experience.
Accept