http://www.maidbrigade.com/privacy/
Maid Brigade Precautions in Response to COVID-19
Toggle navigation
Blog
Submit Quality Feedback
Gift Certificates
Careers
Own a Franchise
Why Hire Us
Locations
Cleaning
Services
Residential
Disinfection
Commercial
Disinfection
Blog
Submit Quality Feedback
Gift Certificates
Careers
Get your FREE Estimate Today!
866.800.7470
Maid Brigade
Privacy Statement
Maid Brigade's Privacy Policy
Maid Brigade Systems, Inc., hereafter referred to as Maid Brigade, wants you to know what information we collect, use, or share when you visit our website “Site”. This Privacy Policy applies only to your visit to the web pages contained within the Maid Brigade® website, at www.maidbrigade.com and related pages, including local franchise content within the Site.
By providing Maid Brigade personal information and continuing to access the Site, you consent to have your Personal Information treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
If you do not wish for Maid Brigade to collect any information about you, you can simply not utilize the Site or otherwise supply Personal Information. Your choice not to provide information may, however, prevent you from using the Site or engaging in certain activities on the Site. If you have any questions about our practices, you can contact us at webmaster@maidbrigade.com.
Types of Information We CollectWe collect the following information about you:
Personal Information. This is information that directly or indirectly identifies you, such as your name, email address, or other identifying information about you, or that would, when combined with other information you provide or that is broadly available, be likely to identify you.
Other Information. Other Information is information that, by itself, does not individually identify you, such as browser type, operating system, technical data, and usage. We may link together different types of Other Information or link Other Information to Personal Information.
For example, we may combine your IP Address/Domain Name combination with Personal Information you provide us such as your home address, telephone number and email address.
Ways We Collect InformationWe collect information relating to you in the following ways:
Information You Give Us:
We collect information that you provide to us, for example, when requesting an estimate, access to special offers, or to schedule a service, you may provide us with Personal Information such as your home address, telephone number and email address.
Forms on the Site (including Online Coupon forms) may ask you to submit information about yourself, including name, postal and email address, telephone number, products in which you may be interested and other information for you to provide at your own discretion.
You furnish this information at your option, but we will not be able to process your request without certain information.
Information We Get From Your Use of the Site:
Log Information:
For each visitor to the Site, our web server automatically recognizes and stores the visitor’s IP Address/Domain Name combination.
Your computer, tablet, or mobile phone automatically provides this information each time you log on unless you’ve activated blocking technology available in some browsers.
We may collect certain and store device event information such as details of how you used the Site, crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
Computer, Tablet or Mobile Telephone Information: We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, device sensors and mobile network information including phone number) and device sensors and related information. Maid Brigade may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your account. We will comply with the usage/license restrictions and requirements applicable to the device from which the information comes.
Cookies: We may use a technology called “cookies” to record your activity while you are online.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s device, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. This technology allows us to track the pages you access and other information regarding your usage, browser, etc.
Please see further information below concerning our use of cookies.
Local Storage Information: We may collect and store information (including Personal Information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
Individuals may interact with Maid Brigade in ways that require Maid Brigade to gather Personal Information. The amount and type of information that Maid Brigade gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, Maid Brigade may request that visitors who sign up for an estimate, participate in a savings program or otherwise utilize the Site provide a username and email address, plus such other information as Maid Brigade may believe useful including financial or other information, depending on the nature of the transaction or interaction contemplated. In each case, Maid Brigade collects such information only insofar as is legal and appropriate.
How We Use Information We CollectPersonal Information
We respect the privacy of our visitors and clients. We do not sell your information for monetary compensation to any third parties, and we only use it for legitimate business purposes.
For example, we use the information that we collect about you to provide, maintain, protect and improve the services and products that Maid Brigade provides to you.
We Use Personal Information We Collect for the Following Purposes (or may use it for these purposes in the future):
To respond to questions that you may have.
To provide products or services you request.
If you submit a resume to work at Maid Brigade, we may use it for hiring decisions and retain the resume or information in it for our own records or in order to contact you later.
To inform you of updates regarding Maid Brigade or services or products that may be of interest to you.
To provide administrative notices or communications applicable to your use of the Site.
To manage your participation in events and other promotions where you have signed up for such events and promotions.
To operate, evaluate and improve our business and the products and services we offer.
To analyze and enhance our marketing communications and strategies.
To analyze trends and statistics regarding visitors’ use of our Site including mobile applications and social media assets.
To protect against and prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities.
To improve our customer service.
To respond to and support customers regarding their use of the Site.
To comply with all applicable legal requirements, regulations as well as guidelines or requirements of independent certification organizations.
To, on occasion, send emails to visitors about special offers and updates to our website. Should you receive an unwanted marketing email from Maid Brigade, you may “unsubscribe” or send an email to remove@maidbrigade.com to be removed from future direct emails. We may, however, continue to email you regarding your account or other matters that are not primarily marketing.
In addition, we use information collected from cookies (as described above) and other technologies to improve your visitor experience and the overall quality of our services. Maid Brigade uses cookies to help Maid Brigade identify and track visitors, their usage of the Site, and their access preferences. We may use your Personal Information to see which web pages you visit at our websites, which website you visited before coming to our website, and where you go after you leave our website. We can then develop statistics that help us understand how our visitors use our websites and how to improve them. Maid Brigade visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their devices should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Maid Brigade websites; provided, however, that Maid Brigade disclaims, and you hereby waive, any claim or liability that may arise due to your partial or incomplete access to the content of any website or inability to enjoy all the functionality of a website as a result thereof.
Maid Brigade may use the data collected during your visit to the Site for internal review in order to improve or customize website content or layout.
Maid Brigade also may use the data collected during your visit to the Site to notify prospective customers, by email, about new locations, special offers, and updates to our website.
If you are a visitor of the Site or have supplied your email address, you agree that in addition to any services you may have solicited or requested, Maid Brigade may further send you emails to provide you with information, to inform you of new products, to solicit your feedback, or to keep you up to date on Maid Brigade and its products. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other visitors. You may choose not to receive marketing email communications from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in our marketing emails. You also may ask us not to send you other marketing communications by contacting us as specified in the "Contact Us" section below, and we will honor your request.
We also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection. We may ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those set out in this Privacy Policy.
Other Information
We may use Other Information for purposes that we find useful for business or other reasons. We may de-identify (remove information identifying you or others) Personal Information and use or share such de-identified information for any legal and appropriate purpose.
How We Share Information We CollectAs part of the use of your information for the above purposes, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we may disclose your Personal Information or Other Information to third parties such as our vendors and other contractors who perform various functions on our behalf, governmental agencies, internal workforce members and others.
We also may provide Personal Information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons who provide services to you or us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Maid Brigade shares information we collect with independent Maid Brigade franchises.
Additionally, information submitted through Online Coupon forms will be shared with participating franchises and is subject to the policies of those franchises.
Maid Brigade provides copies of our customer lists to individual Maid Brigade franchises for distributing our marketing materials and emails.
If Maid Brigade or any of our affiliates is involved in a merger, acquisition, asset sale, joint venture or other, similar transaction, we will undertake reasonable efforts to continue the confidentiality of any Personal Information previously received. We may transfer or allow access to Personal Information as part of the transaction and in review or preparation for it as described below under “Business Transfers”.
We also may provide information about you to other third parties with your consent or for one of the purposes above.
Maid Brigade may release account or other Personal Information when Maid Brigade believes release is appropriate:
to comply with the law including disclosure to regulatory agencies;
to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use and other agreements;
following a subpoena or other legal process in order to protect against fraud or investigate a criminal or civil matter;
to protect against attacks on our systems or other fraudulent or inappropriate behavior;
when Maid Brigade believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect Maid Brigade’s rights and interests, third parties, or the public at large; or
to exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
How We Protect Your Information
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our visitors is of utmost concern to us. We exercise care in providing secure transmission of your information to our servers. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, Maid Brigade can't ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk.
Remember to sign out of your Maid Brigade account where applicable and close your browser window when you have finished your work so that others cannot access your Personal Information.
Maid Brigade discloses Personal Information to those of its employees, contractors, agents and affiliated organizations that need to know that information in order to process it on Maid Brigade’s behalf or to provide services. Some of those employees, contractors, agents and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your state, province or country. By using the Site or providing us information, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, we may not immediately delete residual copies of Personal Information that are on our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems. If you believe that Personal Information we maintain about you is inaccurate, subject to applicable law, you may have the right to request that we correct or amend certain information by contacting us as indicated below.
Maid Brigade undertakes commercially reasonable efforts to guard against unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of Personal Information, which efforts you agree are sufficient, adequate and complete. In some cases, we cannot control, and are not responsible for, information that is shared about you. For example:
Information You Share: Our Site may let you share information with others publicly. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines or otherwise further disclosed.
Social Media Accounts: Maid Brigade maintains various social network accounts such as, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter or Instagram. Please note that comments and information that you leave in such settings are likely to be broadly visible and may not be controlled by Maid Brigade. We therefore are not responsible for any information or messages you leave in such settings or for how such information may be used by others.
Accessing and Updating your Personal Information: If you provide us with information or create an account in order to access or receive Resources, we may or may not be able to provide you with access to your Personal Information. If information that we control about you is incorrect, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it (unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes). When updating your Personal Information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. If you are unable to verify your identity, or if verification is not possible, we may not complete your request.
Business Transfers As we continue to grow our business, we might add or transfer franchise locations.
In such transactions, client and prospect information generally is provided to the new or different franchise as pertaining to that specific franchise territory. By giving us information about you, you consent to the transfer of information to the franchise.
In the event (i) Maid Brigade engages in one more asset sales or purchases, (ii) Maid Brigade is acquired, (iii) Maid Brigade engages in one or more business combinations, mergers or acquisitions, (iv) substantially all of Maid Brigade’s assets are acquired, or (v) Maid Brigade is subject to an event of bankruptcy, you acknowledge and agree that personal and other information comprises an asset of Maid Brigade and that the same is subject to assignment, transfer and/or acquisition by a third party. Accordingly, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge and agree that such transfers may occur and that any acquirer of Maid Brigade may continue to use your Personal Information thereafter, and that such subsequent use may not be consistent with this Privacy Policy.
AdvertisementsAdvertisements appearing on the Site may be delivered to visitors by advertising partners, who may set cookies or other technologies. These technologies allow the ad server to recognize your device each time it sends you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows ad networks, among other things, to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies and similar technologies by Maid Brigade and does not cover the use of technologies by any advertisers.
Comments
You acknowledge and agree that Maid Brigade has no duty or obligation to respond to or save visitor comments.
Third Party Links
The Site may contain links to webpages or tools operated by parties other than Maid Brigade. We do not control such websites or tools and are not responsible for their contents or the privacy policies or other practices of such websites or service providers. Our inclusion of links to an outside website or tool does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or tools or any association with their operators. Further, it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from an application or other websites) is free of viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects and other items of a destructive nature. These websites and services may have their own privacy policies, which you will be subject to upon accessing the third party’s website. We strongly recommend you review the third party’s terms and policies.
ChildrenThe Site is not intended for use by children.
We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about individuals who are under the age of 13.
If a child has provided us with Personal Information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us to have the information deleted from our records. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us at webmaster@maidbrigade.com. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected the Personal Information of a child under 13, or equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of the Site where this Privacy Policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you may have publicly posted.
To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to webmaster@maidbrigade.com.
Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
Do Not Track
Some browsers have a "Do Not Track" feature that lets you tell websites and online services that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. No worldwide uniform or consistent industry standard or definition for responding to, processing, or communicating Do Not Track signals currently exists.
The Site is currently unable to, and does not, respond to ‘Do Not Track’ signals.
For information regarding “Do Not Track” and how to enable this setting on your devices, please see https://allaboutdnt.com.
Information for California ResidentsPursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, California residents are entitled to contact us to request information about whether we have disclosed Personal Information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not share Personal Information with third parties for their own marketing purposes other than franchises, as discussed above.
California residents may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing us at the address listed in the “Contact Us” section.
Please include ‘Shine the Light Request’ in the subject line of your email.
Please allow 30 days for a response.
Maid Brigade reserves its right to not respond to such requests submitted outside of the email address specified in the “Contact Us” section below.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of the Site where this Privacy Policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you may have publicly posted.
To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to webmaster@maidbrigade.com.
Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
California Consumer Privacy Act
As of January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) came into effect.
The CCPA bestows certain additional privacy rights for natural residents of California in regard to Personal Information maintained by a ‘business’ about that consumer and/or household.
Pursuant to Section 1798.140(c) of the California Civil Code, the CCPA only applies to for-profit businesses doing business in the State of California that satisfy one or more of the following conditions:
Annual gross revenues in excess of 25 million dollars ($25,000,000);
Receive or disclose the personal information of 50,000 or more California residents, households, or devices on an annual basis; or
Derive 50% or more of their annual revenue from selling California residents’ personal information.
Your privacy is extremely important to us, however, as Maid Brigade is not a ‘business’ as defined by the CCPA, Maid Brigade will not respond to CCPA consumer requests at this time.
Maid Brigade continues to value your privacy and may update this Privacy Policy as required by law.
For additional information regarding updates to this Privacy Policy, please see the Policy Changes section below.
For additional information concerning this Privacy Policy and your privacy rights, please contact us at webmaster@maidbrigade.com.
Policy ChangesMaid Brigade reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time and at any time, without notice, within the sole, independent, absolute and uncontrolled exercise of its discretion. Maid Brigade encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of, and consent and agreement to, such change.
Miscellaneous
By submitting your information to Maid Brigade, you are consenting to the uses we describe above.
If you do not consent to these uses, please do not visit this Site. You also may opt out where available, activate blocking technology if available in your browser, or choose not to submit your data.
If you choose to visit any part of Maid Brigade's website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this notice and our Terms and Conditions of Use, including disclaimers of warranties and application of the law of the State of Georgia. If you have any concern about privacy at Maid Brigade, please e-mail us at webmaster@maidbrigade.com. This Privacy Policy and the Terms of Conditions and Use may change without notice, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use. If you have a concern, please check this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use before submitting information to the site.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to independent franchise websites, even if linked to or from the Site.
Maid Brigade is not responsible or liable for the collection, use, or disclosure of information by Independent Franchises, including for their own marketing purposes.
If you are the customer of an Independent Franchise, you should check with the Independent Franchise directly to learn about the Independent Franchise’s privacy policies.
Contact UsEmail: webmaster@maidbrigade.com