http://www.bcss.org.uk/index.php/hidden/privacy-policy.html
HomeAboutOur WorkTaking PartForum etc.Membership & SalesOur PlantsContacts
Home
We are currently developing member pages and services, meanwhile if you wish to keep up with the latest news by email please sign up to Announce.
Login
Register
UNDER
DEVELOPMENT
If you have issues logging in please use  http://forum.bcss.org.uk
BCSS
Welcome
Discover the beauty of cacti and other succulents with the BCSS! Whether you are an expert grower or a novice – or are just thinking of starting up the hobby – the Society will guide you all the way.
With over 80 branches throughout the UK meeting monthly you will have the opportunity to meet other enthusiasts and to learn more about growing these amazing plants. CactusWorld, the Society’s beautifully illustrated quarterly magazine is just one of the many benefits that members receive. It contains articles about new species, plants in the wild, cultivation techniques and, of course, what the Society’s many branches and members are up to.
This website offers a wealth of information about the Society – including how to join – and is your gateway to the wonderful world of cacti and other succulents.
Come and join us!
BCSS Publications
Cultivation Leaflets
Want to learn more about these fascinating plants and how to grow them then you need a set of our full colour ...
Read more
Succulents in Nature
by Laura Guglielmone
An English language publication of this fascinating book that was originally published...
Read more
A Gallery of Agaves
This book is the outcome of the slow appreciation over the years by the author of a genus of plants in the w...
Read more
Stapeliads (Refreshed)
by John Pilbeam
An updated edition of this best seller.
Read more
Bradleya 34
Out now the latest edition of Bradleya, our prestigious yearbook. The 2016 edition contains over twenty articl...
Read more
Lithops 2nd Edition
This new edition with eight extra pages contains descriptions and pictures of all new taxa and cultivars since...
Read more
C&S of Baja California
This book is an account of the discovery by the author and friends over the past 34 years of the wonderful wea...
Read more
CactusWorld
Back issues of our highly respected, quarterly journal are avalable in our shop.
Read more
BCSS Journal
Need to fill a gap in your collection or find an old article? Copies of many older journals are also avalabl...
Read more
Previous Bradleyas
Many older Bradleya are available in our shop, although many are in short supply!
Read more
Ariocarpus et cetera
By John Pilbeam.  The special, smaller genera of Mexican cacti.
Read more
Ferocactus
By John Pilbeam and Derek Bowdery.
Read more
Handbook of Shows
The latest edition of the essential guide for showing at BCSS organised plant shows.
Read more
Glossary of Botanical..
Glossary of Botanical Terms.  Botanical terms with special reference to Succulent Plants.
Read more
Echinocereus
Inspiration for growing Echinocereus.
Read more
CactusWorld LIVE – Online Talks
I am very pleased to announce that we have been able to arrange the a sequence of live Zoom meetings.
Read More
CactusWorld Live - The National Show
Regretably we have had to postpone the National show due to the current crisis.
Friday 3rd July (competitors and exhibitors only) and Saturday 4th July 2020 (general admission) Arena MK (the Marshall Arena), at Milton Keynes
2020 BCSS Calendar of Events
Check out the branch, regional and national events in your area.
Find out more.
Botanical Gardens Directory
Updated The BCSS botanical gardens directory lists the public collections of cacti and succulents which can be visited in the UK. Several of our branches support the work of these gardens by providing advice, practical help, and even plants.
Ralph Martin's Field Number Database
This valuable resouces is now hosted by the BCSS, Ralph will continure to curate the database, while the BCSS will provide the resources to ensure its future.
Field Number Database
Newsletter
Archive of previous month's newsletters.
Newsletter
Privacy Policy
British Cactus & Succulent Society Privacy Policy 2 February 2019
The privacy and security of your personal information is extremely important to us. More....
Branches & Regional Zones
With over 80 branches throughout the country there is bound to be one near you.
Find out more
The Forum
If you're having plant problems, need an ID, want to discuss cultivation, or see wonderful travelogues from round the world then please don't hesitate to visit the forum.
Forum
Seed List
The 2018-2019 members seed list is out and full of interesting new additions to your collection.
Find out more
Conservation
Since 1993 the BCSS has supported projects designed to aid the conservation of cacti and succulents. Through the generous contribution of its members grants have been given to researchers around the world.
Find out more
Upcoming
BCSS Events
No events
View Full Calendar
Plant
of the Month
December 2020 - Pleiospilos sub-tribe
The word Pleiospilos means 'many spots' which describes the species more than adequately .............
More .....
User
Menu
Register on the Website and ForumLoginForum
Cool
Cactus
Cool Cactus & Super Succulents - Junior Website
Copyright © 2020
British Cactus & Succulent Society
|
Charity No. 290786
A charity registered in England and Wales
|
Hosted by cactus-mall.com
This site uses cookies to store user login details.
By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
Learn more
Accept
×
Information cookies
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. Cookies are files stored by your internet browser and are used by most websites to help personalise your web experience. We use cookies to maintain your login to the website. By continuing to use our website you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Close