https://www.homemakingorganized.com/disclosure-policy/
Contact Us
About Us
Resources
Shop
Nav Social MenuFacebookInstagramPinterestTwitter
Homemaking OrganizedOrganized
Clean
Food
Homeschool
Subject
Science
Math
Homeschool Reviews
Money
Health
Blogging
Shop
You are here: Home / Disclosure Policy
This policy is valid from 21 November 2009
This website written and edited by me with occasional guest articles from various others. For questions about this website, please contact home (at) homemakingorganized.com.
This website earns funds in various forms of affiliate sales, sales of my own products, cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.
Homemaking Organized is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com
The owner(s) of this website is compensated to provide opinions on products, services, blog and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this website receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, and/or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this website are purely the owner(s)’ own (unless written by a third party). Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question. I encourage readers to use their own good judgement.
This website does contain content which might present a conflict of interest. This content may not always be identified.
Primary SidebarWelcome to Homemaking Organized
Here at Homemaking Organized we like to organize home life so that it goes much smoother. Find tips for cleaning, cooking, organizing small spaces, and more. Read More…
BloglovinFacebookInstagramPinterestRSSTwitter
Earning When I Shop
Hard Earned
Recent Posts
Black Friday and Cyber Monday Deals for Homeschoolers 2020
Help with Starting Your Family
Good for You Spices – Enspice
Prebiotic for Gut Health Created Just for Kids
Easy Chicken Cassoulet with Beans Weeknight Dinner
Navigation
Homemaking
Homeschool Reviews
Free Printables
Mom Encouragement
Money Matters
Organized Home
Time Management
ePlanners Shop
Amazon Associates Disclosure
Kemi Quinn is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com
FooterWelcome!
Here at Homemaking Organized we like to organize home life so that it goes much smoother. Find tips for cleaning, cooking, organizing small spaces, and more. Read More…
Amazon Associates Disclosure
This website is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com
Legal Pages
Disclosure Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
This website uses cookies, some of which are needed for its operation. Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Social media & sharing icons
powered by UltimatelySocial