http://www.templeofthai.com/terms
home
thai grocery
cookware
fruit carving
food blog
thai recipes
Go to page »
Home Page
Thai Recipes
Thai Grocery Store
Fruit Carving
Thai Cookbooks
Food Blog
Contact Us
Fresh Produce
Thai Sauces
Nittaya Curry Paste
Curry Paste
Tea & Beverages
Asian Noodles
Dried Spices
Flour and Sugar
Pickled & Preserved
Jasmine & Sticky Rice
Thai Pastes
Pad Thai
Satay
Cooking Kits
Asian Snacks
Canned Food
Thai Fruit
Curry & Soup
Convenience Food
Asian Cookware
Mortar & Pestle
Sticky Rice Steamer
Temple of Thai Terms of Use
Welcome to the TempleofThai.com web site (the "TempleofThai.com Site"), a web site owned and operated by Produce Professionals LLC ("TempleofThai.com").
The terms and conditions stated below, along with the policies and guidelines located throughout the TempleofThai.com Site (collectively herein the "Terms of Use") identify what users of the TempleofThai.com Site (each a "User") can expect from TempleofThai.com, TempleofThai.com Providers (as defined below) and the TempleofThai.com Site and what we expect from Users. By visiting any area on the TempleofThai.com Site or making a purchase via the TempleofThai.com Site, a User is deemed to have accepted the Terms of Use.
I. LICENSES AND RESTRICTIONS
TempleofThai.com grants the User a limited, nonexclusive, revocable license to access and make personal, non-commercial use (unless User has a business relationship with TempleofThai.com) of the TempleofThai.com Site. TempleofThai.com further grants the User a limited, nonexclusive and revocable right to create a hyper-link to the home page of TempleofThai.com so long as the link does not portray TempleofThai.com, its affiliates, or their respective products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter.
The foregoing does not include any rights to:
* modify, download (other than page caching), reproduce, copy, or resell the TempleofThai.com Site, the Content or any portion or derivative thereof;
* commercially use the TempleofThai.com Site, the Content or any portion derivative thereof (unless User has a business relationship with TempleofThai.com);
* enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to the TempleofThai.com Site or its systems;
* use any robot, spider, data miner, scraper or other automated means to access the TempleofThai.com Site or its systems for any purpose;
* interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the TempleofThai.com Site;
* bypass any TempleofThai.com measures used to prevent or restrict access to any portion of the TempleofThai.com Site;
* frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of TempleofThai.com;
* use TempleofThai.com name, services marks or logos in any meta tags or any other "hidden text" or
* compile, repackage, disseminate or otherwise use data extracted from the TempleofThai.com Site.
The foregoing are expressly prohibited; the right to do any of the foregoing shall require TempleofThai.com's express written consent (which may include a written agreement signed by an authorized representative of TempleofThai.com). Any unauthorized use of the TempleofThai.com Site, the Content or any portion or derivative thereof shall terminate any license or permission granted by TempleofThai.com.
II. CONTENT
Proprietary Rights
User acknowledges that the TempleofThai.com Site contains Content that are protected by copyrights, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or hereinafter developed. All Content is copyrighted as a collective work under the U.S. copyright laws, and TempleofThai.com owns a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of such Content. User may not modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part. If no specific restrictions are displayed, Users may make copies of select portions of the Content, provided that the copies are made only for User's personal use and that User maintains any notices contained in the Content, such as all copyright notices, or other proprietary rights notices. Except as provided in the preceding sentence or as permitted by the fair use privilege under the U.S. copyright laws (see, e.g., 17 U.S.C. Section 107), User may not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute in any way Content protected by copyright, or other proprietary right, without obtaining permission of the owner of the copyright or other propriety right.
Third-Party Content
When Temple of Thai.com acts as a distributor of Content,
including Digital Content,
supplied by third parties and Users, Temple of Thai.com has
no editorial control over such Content. Temple of Thai.com is not
obligated to review Content, including Digital Content and User Created
Content. Any opinions,
advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that
constitutes part of Content, including Digital Content and User Created
Content, expressed or made available by third parties, including any
other User, are those of the respective authors or distributors and not
of Temple of Thai.com,
unless expressly stated otherwise. Temple of Thai.com makes no representation, warranty
or guarantee on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any third
party Content unless otherwise expressly stated. In many instances, the
Content, including Digital Content and User Created Content, available
through the Temple of Thai.com Site represents the opinions and
judgments of the third party that provides such Content. Under no
circumstance shall Temple of Thai.com be liable for any loss, damage or harm caused by a
User's reliance on information obtained through the Temple of Thai.com Site. It is the responsibility of User to evaluate the
accuracy, completeness or usefulness of the information, opinion,
advice, or Content, including Digital Content and User Created Content,
available through the Temple of Thai.com Site.
III. PRICES
The price for an item on the Temple of Thai.com Site may differ
from the price shown in a User's shopping cart — it is possible that
such price may increase or decrease between the time the item is placed
in a shopping cart and the time that the purchase is actually made. On
rare occasions, an item may be priced incorrectly on the Temple of Thai.com
Site. If the price for the item on the Temple of Thai.com
Site is incorrect and is actually higher than the price provided at the
time of purchase, then, at the sole discretion of Temple of Thai.com, Temple of Thai.com
may either (i) contact the User for
instructions before shipping the item or charging the User for such
item; (ii) cancel the order for such item and notify the User of such
cancellation; or (iii) ship the item at the incorrect price to the
benefit of the User.
IV. RISK OF LOSS
The risk of loss and title for all items purchased via the TempleofThai.com Site pass to the User upon delivery of the item to the carrier.
V. PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
The items offered for sale on the Temple of Thai.com contain
descriptions that are provided directly by the publisher, manufacturer
or distributor of such item. Temple of Thai.com does not represent
or warrant that the descriptions of such items are accurate or
complete. IF A USER PURCHASES AN ITEM FROM TEMPLE OF THAI.COM THAT
IS NOT AS DESCRIBED ON THE TEMPLE OF THAI.COM SITE, THE USER'S SOLE
AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO RETURN SUCH ITEM IN AN UNUSED CONDITION FOR
A REFUND OF THE PURCHASE PRICE.
VI. AGE OF USERS
TempleofThai.com does not intend the TempleofThai.com Site to be used by individuals under the age of 18 (a "Minor") without the supervision of a parent or guardian 18 years of age or older (a "Guardian"). TempleofThai.com relies upon Guardians to determine if any Content or items available on the TempleofThai.com Site is appropriate for the viewing, access or purchase by such Minors. If a User is a Minor, such Minor may use the TempleofThai.com Site only under the supervision of Guardian.
VII. INDEMNITY
User agrees to indemnify and hold each TempleofThai.com Provider harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of such User's breach of the Terms of Use or User's violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
IIX. NOTICES
User consents to receive electronic communications from TempleofThai.com addressed to the e-mail address posted on the TempleofThai.com Site. User acknowledges and agrees that any communication via e-mail or by postings on this TempleofThai.com Site satisfies any legal requirement that such communications be made in writing.
IX. DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Temple of Thai.com is not responsible for and makes no warranties,
express or implied, as to any Content appearing on or accessed through
the Site, including without limitation, any Digital Content and User
Created Content or the accuracy and reliability of the Content,
including Digital Content and User Created Content, posted on the
Temple of Thai.com Site, whether caused by Users of the Temple of Thai.com Site or
by any of the equipment or
programming associated with or utilized in the Temple of Thai.com
Site, including the Temple of
Thai.com . Content, including Digital Content and User
Created Content, does not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies
of Temple of Thai.com. Profiles and third party applications
created and posted by Users on the Temple of Thai.com Site may
contain links to other websites. Temple of Thai.com is not
responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed on such
websites, and such websites are not necessarily investigated, monitored
or checked for accuracy or completeness by Temple of Thai.com.
Inclusion of any linked website on Temple of Thai.com
does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked website by Temple
of Thai.com. When you access these third party sites, you do so at
your own risk. Temple of Thai.com takes no responsibility for third
party advertisements or third party applications that are posted on or
through the Temple of Thai.com Site, nor does it take any responsibility for the goods or services
provided by its advertisers. Temple of Thai.com is not responsible
for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any User of the Temple
of Thai.com Site . Temple
of Thai.com assumes no responsibility for any error, omission,
interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission,
communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized
access to, or alteration of, any User communication. Temple of
Thai.com is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction
of the Temple of Thai.com or any telephone network or
lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer
equipment, software, failure of any e-mail or players due to technical
problems or traffic congestion on the Internet
or combination thereof, including any injury
or damage to Users or to any person's computer related to or resulting
from participation or downloading materials in connection with the
Temple of Thai.com Site or Services. Under no circumstances shall
Temple of Thai.com be responsible for any loss or damage, including
personal injury or death, resulting from use of the Temple of
Thai.com Site, from any Content, including Digital Content
and User Created Content,
from the Temple of Thai.com , or
from the conduct of any Users of the Temple of Thai.com Site or
, whether online or offline.
The
Temple of Thai.com Site and the Temple of Thai.com
are provided by Temple of Thai.com on an "as is" and "as available"
basis. To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, Temple
of Thai.com disclaims all implied warranties, including
but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness
for a particular purpose.
Without limiting the foregoing, Temple of Thai.com
make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied:
(i) as to the operation of the Temple of Thai.com Site, or the
information, Content, including Digital Content and User Created
Content, the Temple of Thai.com
and materials or
products included thereon; (ii) that the Temple of Thai.com Site
will be uninterrupted or
error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any
information, Content, including Digital Content and User Created
Content, service, the Temple of Thai.com , or
merchandise provided through the Temple of Thai.com Site; or (iv)
that the Temple of Thai.com Site, its servers,
or e-mails sent from or on behalf of Temple
of Thai.com are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms or
other harmful components.
Temple of Thai.com does not
guarantee the continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to the Temple
of Thai.com Site or any
related services. The operation of the Temple of Thai.com Site
may be interfered with by
numerous factors outside the control of Temple of Thai.com.
Under
no circumstances shall Temple of Thai.com
be liable for any damages that result from the use
of or inability to use the Temple of Thai.com Site, including but
not limited to reliance by a User on any information obtained from the
Temple of Thai.com Site or that result from mistakes, omissions,
interruptions, deletion of files or e-mail, errors, defects, viruses,
delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance,
whether or not resulting from acts of god, communications failure,
theft, destruction, or unauthorized access to Temple of Thai.com's
records, programs, or services. User hereby acknowledges that this
paragraph shall apply to all Content, including Digital Content and
User Created Content,
merchandise, and services available through the Temple of Thai.com
Site.
Temple of Thai.com will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special
or consequential damages arising from the use of the Temple of
Thai.com Site or the
purchase or download of any Content, including Digital Content, or
product therefrom, even if Temple of Thai.com have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Certain
state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the
exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to a
User, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations
may not apply to such User, and such User may have additional rights.
X. SEVERABILITY
The provisions of these Terms of Use are intended to be severable. If for any reason any provision of these Terms of Use shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any applicable jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction.
XI. APPLICABLE LAW; JURISDICTION
The TempleofThai.com Site is created and controlled by TempleofThai.com in the State of Iowa. The laws of the State of Iowa will govern the Terms of Use, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
Each of TempleofThai.com and User agrees to submit to the nonexclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Carroll County, Iowa and waives any objection to the laying of venue of any litigation in said courts.
XII. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
In addition to the policies and guidelines located throughout the TempleofThai.com Site, the following policies are incorporated into the Terms of Use:
* Privacy and Security Policies: http://templeofthai.com/store/security_privacy.php
XIII. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Any claim or controversy
at law or equity that arises out of the Terms of Use or the Temple of Thai.com Site
(each a "Claim")
shall be resolved through binding arbitration conducted by telephone,
online or based solely upon written submissions where no in-person
appearance is required. In such cases, the arbitration shall be
administered by the American Arbitration Association under its
Commercial Arbitration Rules (including without limitation the
Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes, if applicable),
and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered
in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Alternatively, at
Temple of Thai's sole option, a Claim (including Claims for
injunctive or other equitable relief) may be adjudicated by a court of
competent jurisdiction located in Carroll, Iowa.
Any
Claim shall be arbitrated or litigated, as the case may be, on an
individual basis and shall not be consolidated with any Claim of any
other party whether through class action proceedings, class arbitration
proceedings or otherwise.
You are solely responsible for your
interactions with other Users. Temple of Thai.com reserves the
right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with
disputes between you and other Users.
Each of the parties hereby
knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally waives any right it may have
to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation (including but not
limited to any claims, counterclaims, cross-claims, or third party
claims) arising out of, under or in connection with these Terms of Use.
Further, each party hereto certifies that no representative or agent of
either party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such party
would not in the event of such litigation, seek to enforce this waiver
of right to jury trial provision. Each of the parties acknowledges that
this section is a material inducement for the other party entering into
these Terms of Use.
XIV. DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT.
The Digital
Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for
copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet
infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good
faith that materials hosted by Temple of Thai.com, including
Digital Content and User Created Content, infringe your copyright, you
(or your agent) may send Temple of Thai.com a notice requesting
that the material be removed or access to it blocked. The notice must
include the following information (a) a physical or electronic
signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an
exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the
copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (or if multiple
copyrighted works located on this website are covered by a single
notification, a representative list of such works); (c) identification
of the material that is claimed to be infringing or the subject of
infringing activity, and information reasonably sufficient to allow
Temple of Thai.com to locate the material on the Temple of Thai.com Site; (d) the name, address, telephone number and e-mail
address (if available) of the complaining party; (e) a statement that
the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material
in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner,
its agent or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the
notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the
complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an
exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. If you believe in good
faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed
against you, the DMCA permits you to send Temple of Thai.com a
counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current
statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA; see http://www.loc.gov/copyright for details. Notices and counter-notices with respect to this website
should be sent to: Karla Baumhover, Temple of Thai.com, 14525 SW Millikan Way, RCM#10102, Beaverton, Oregon 97005 and at contact us .
Temple of Thai.com suggests that you consult your legal advisor
before filing a notice or counter-notice. Also, be aware that there can
be penalties for false claims under the DMCA.
XV. ACKNOWLEDGMENT
The Terms of Use, including all documents referenced herein, represents the entire understanding between User and TempleofThai.com regarding User's relationship with TempleofThai.com and supersedes any prior statements or representations. Headings used in the Terms of Use are for reference only and shall not affect the meaning of any terms. By visiting any area on the TempleofThai.com Site or making a purchase via the TempleofThai.com Site, a User is deemed to have accepted the Terms of Use.
XVI. MODIFICATION
TempleofThai.com reserves the right to make changes to the TempleofThai.com Site, posted policies and Terms of Use at any time without notice. These terms and conditions were last revised on September 4, 2009.
Sale Items, Hurry!Frequently Asked QuestionsRefund and Return PolicyShipping Fresh ProduceDelivery Times & Shipping RatesUPS Ground Transit Time MapShipping Outside of the USAPrivacy & Security PolicySafe Shopping GuaranteeHow to place an OrderMethods of OrderingPayment OptionsVolume OrderingOrder StatusCanceling or Modifying an OrderTerms & Conditions of UseContact Us
Temple of Thaion
Home
Thai Food Store
Thai Recipes
Asian Cookware
Mortar & Pestle
Thai Cookbooks
Thai Cooking
Fruit Carving
Food Blog
Back to Top
Copyright © 1999-2020 Temple of Thai. All rights reserved.