http://www.safekids.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes the policies and practices of Safe Kids Worldwide regarding the collection and use of your personal information from your visit to our website. Safe Kids Worldwide is committed to protecting individual privacy and securing the personal information made available to us when you visit safekids.org, sign up for a Safe Kids email, or visit Safe Kids pages on other sites (such as official Safe Kids profiles on social networks).We do not sell, rent, exchange or otherwise disclose your personal information to persons or organizations outside Safe Kids unless in response to law enforcement requests.We believe in the importance of protecting the privacy of children online. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to provide us with their personal information.You will receive e-mail communication from Safe Kids only if you have requested it, or if you have signed up for a newsletter, asked for group communication such as our Recall Alerts or made a donation. You can remove your e-mail address from our database at any time by sending an e-mail to info@safekids.org or by sending written correspondence to the following address: Web Center, Safe Kids Worldwide, 1255 23rd Street, NW, Suite 400 Washington, DC 20037-1151.Safe Kids and CookiesTo share and promote our content, Safe Kids Worldwide uses third-party services, such as Google AdWords, to place relevant advertising on search results for people looking for information similar to content found on the Safe Kids Worldwide website.We do this through the use of tracking cookies which are placed on the end-users computer. Safe Kids will only allow the use of such third-party cookies after a visitor has viewed a portion of the Safe Kids website corresponds to an advertisement by the third-party advertiser, such as Google AdWords. Any third party advertiser that Safe Kids Worldwide uses, like Google, explicitly and expressly forbids the collection of Personally Identifiable Information, and Safe Kids will not attempt to make, has not made, and will never make modifications that would enable any such third-party advertiser, like Google AdWords, to collect any such information.Safe Kids does not have access, and will never seek access information from other websites our visitors have viewed. Any visitor can opt out of most tracking cookies by visiting the Google’s Ads Preferences Manager (https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/). Alternatively, visitors can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page (http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).Other InformationSafe Kids has taken steps to make all information received from our online visitors as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use. All information is protected by our security measures, which are periodically reviewed. The Safe Kids website contains links to other websites. When you follow a link to an external site, you are leaving safekids.org and your communications no longer are protected by our privacy policy but are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the external site. Safe Kids is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other sites, and cannot monitor them. Please check with those sites for their privacy practices.You, the user, releases Safe Kids Worldwide, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees and representatives from any and all liabilities, including but not limited to attorneys’ fees and costs and indirect, consequential, exemplary, special and punitive damages, arising from your, the user's, use of this website. You, the user, shall indemnify and hold harmless Safe Kids Worldwide, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees and representatives from any and all liabilities, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs and indirect, consequential, exemplary, special and punitive damages, arising from user's use of this website.As a condition of accessing this website, you, the user, agree not to harm the web site by infecting it with a computer virus, Trojan Horse, or other malicious software.From time to time, this privacy policy may be updated to describe new features or services, or changes in privacy practices. The latest version will always appear on our website.DonationsIf you have questions about donating to Safe Kids, please visit our Donor Privacy Policy page.
Did You Know?
Among preventable injuries, drowning is the leading cause of death for children 1 – 4 years old.
Learn More »