http://www.carquotes.com/privacy-policy
CarQuotes Privacy Policy
Collection of Information
The Site currently collects personally identifiable information in one of three ways: (1) through your voluntary submission of a quote request form, (2) through a used car valuation request form or (3) through your voluntary submission of a “contact us” form available on the Site. When you submit a request, the types of information that we collect in conjunction with a quote request may include your name, address, phone number, email address and information regarding the particular vehicle(s) that you are interested in. You must provide all required fields of information for your request to be processed. The types of information we collect on the “contact us” form may include your name, address, phone number, and email address.
The Site also passively collects information about you through the use of cookies and other technical means. Cookies are small text files that reside on your computer’s hard drive. If you do not wish to accept cookies, you may configure your browser to reject them, but certain features of the Site may not function properly or at all as a result. In addition, our Web servers automatically collect information about your computer and the Web browser that you are using, including your computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
Use of Cookies on our Site
We use cookies to recognize you when you visit our website, to personalize your experience and generally to serve you better. For example, if you enter your name, address or ZIP code on one of our forms, it may be stored in a cookie so you don't have to enter it again. Cookies also may compile data about our visitors that may be shared with other companies, such as an outside advertising company. However, no personally identifiable information stored in cookies will be shared with outside companies for any purpose without your permission. You can disable cookies or otherwise manage them through tools provided with your browser software and with third-party software packages. If you turn off cookies, many features may not work as well or at all.
We Do Not Use Third-Party Cookies
We use a "first-party" cookie, which means it was created by our Web site. A "third-party" cookie is one that comes from a site other than the one you are visiting; for example, from a third-party advertiser on that site. The Site does not use third-party cookies.
Use and Sharing of Information
When you fill out our quote request form, we match you with a dealer in our affiliate network located in your area. We then transfer your name, phone number, street address, email address and any additional information you provide to this affiliated dealer and your credit union (if you are a credit union member). If we cannot find an affiliated dealer in your area, we transfer your information to a third-party provider, which will process your request through its own dealer network. In either case, a dealer representative should contact you by phone or email to discuss your CarQuotes request. After the initial contact or during any other subsequent contact, you may inform the dealer or credit union you no longer wish to be contacted by him or her. It is solely the dealer’s or credit union’s responsibility to comply with your request. Similarly, if we transfer your information to a third-party provider in order to carry out your request, you may also be contacted by that provider. Additionally, our representatives or a third-party company contracted by our firm, may also contact you to learn more about your experiences and overall customer satisfaction with our service. You may inform the third-party provider you no longer wish to be contacted. It is solely the third-party provider's responsibility to comply with your request.
We may use and/or disclose personally identifiable information you submit through the Site in the following ways:
Requests - We may use and disclose personally identifiable information as necessary to carry out your requests. For example, if you submit a CarQuotes request, we may share the personally identifiable information that you provide in the manner described above.
Reporting - We may use and disclose personally identifiable information to provide various types of reporting to the affiliated dealers and credit unions that we submit your requests to. In those instances, those parties would have already received such information.
Third Party Sales Representatives - We use third party sales representatives to sign up affiliated dealers in certain areas. In the course of working with these affiliated dealers, these Sales Representatives may have access to the personally identifiable information that you provide.
Communications - We may use personally identifiable information to communicate with you regarding our services and other services that may be of interest to you. For example, when you submit a request, you may receive the following email notifications from us: (1) if your CarQuotes request was processed successfully, we will give you information about the affiliated dealer(s) to whom we sent your request; (2) if your request could not be fulfilled by an affiliated dealer, we will refer you to one of our online partners. In some instances, our representatives or a third-party company contracted by our firm, may also contact you to learn more about your experiences and overall customer satisfaction with our service. With respect to any commercial email marketing from us, you will have the opportunity to unsubscribe from such communications at any time.
Service Providers - We may disclose personally identifiable information to third-party agents, consultants, and contractors that perform services on our behalf, but only for such purposes.
Legal Reasons - We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties: (a) when required by law or legal process, (b) to investigate illegal activity or unauthorized use of Site, or (c) in connection with the sale of all or a part of our business.
With respect to information collected passively through technical means, we use this information for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, Site administration, troubleshooting, performing statistical analyses of user behavior, and for development purposes. For example, cookies may be used to measure traffic, collect statistical information (such as which pages of the Site are visited most often by users) and to make your visit more pleasant (by remembering who you are when you return to the Site and by pre-populating forms on the Site with your information so you don’t have to re-type it).
In addition to the practices described above, we reserve the right to use and share with any third party non-personally identifying information (in aggregate or other form) collected through your use of the Site for any reason.
Although we take steps to help prevent the misuse of your information, after any information is provided to third parties, we do not and cannot control their subsequent use or disclosure of such information and we are not responsible for their use.
Accessing or Changing Information
If you wish to access, verify the accuracy of, correct, or change the personally identifiable information you have submitted via the Site, please don't hesitate to contact us. To protect your privacy, we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Security
We have implemented mechanisms to help keep your personally identifiable information secure in our databases. For example, we limit internal access to such information only to those of our authorized personnel who need such access to perform operations associated with the performance or maintenance of this Site. Despite these precautions, however, we cannot and do not guarantee absolute security for the information we store or the information you transmit through the Site. Please note that information transmitted through email and Web site forms on this Site is not secure from access by third parties.
Children's Guidelines
This Site is not directed to, or intended for use by, individuals under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children younger than 18 years old.
Links
The Site contains links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of Web sites that are linked to or from this Site. Use of any personally identifiable information provided to any such web site will be governed by that web site's privacy statement.
Notification of Changes
If this privacy statement materially changes, the new privacy statement will be posted on the Site and identified as “Updated”. Your continued use of the Site after such changes have been posted shall signify acceptance of the revised privacy statement.
Questions
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, please don't hesitate to contact us.
CarQuotes Corporation
Lincolnshire, IL 60069
800-500-7010
cars@carquotes.com
Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Jobs | © 2020 CarQuotes Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
Enter Your Zip Code
Zip Code:
Submit
Why do we need your ZIP code?
CarQuotes.com provides quotes and other information specific to your location.