https://www.goodss.org/privacy-policy/
Good Shepherd Privacy Policy
Good Shepherd School for Children Privacy Statement:
Good Shepherd School for Children is committed to protecting the privacy for all users who view this website.
Good Shepherd does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals unless they knowingly provide it to us. We do not sell, rent, loan or share any personal identifying
information about our site visitors.
Links to Other Sites
The Good Shepherd site may contain hypertext links to websites maintained or controlled by others. Good Shepherd is not responsible for and does not endorse the contents of or use of any of the
products or services that may be offered at these websites.
PayPal
If you use the PayPal link on our website to make a donation to Good Shepherd, please review the user agreement and privacy policy located on paypal.com.
Trademarks
The Good Shepherd logo, and all computer-generated graphics on this site are trademarks of Good Shepherd. All other trademarks appearing on the site are trademarks of their respective owners.
Photos
Good Shepherd owns rights to all of the photographs on the website. Any use or manipulation of these photographs will be considered copyright infringement.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update and change the Privacy Policy as needed.
Questions about the Privacy Policy should be addressed by contacting Good Shepherd at (314) 469-0606
Good Shepherd School for Children
1170 Timber Run Drive
St. Louis, MO 63146
Phone (314) 469-0606
(F) (314) 469-3294
www.goodss.org
HomeChild CareSpecial Needs & Child CareTherapyVirtual TourTestimonialsAbout UsPrivacy Policy
Hours of Operation/Tours
Monday - Friday
(during COVID)
7:15 a.m. - 5:45 p.m.
Tours by Appointment Only!
To set up an appointment, please call 314-469-0606 or email through the Contact Us page.
Why Good Shepherd?
Let our parents tell you why they think Good Shepherd is St. Louis' premier child care provider. Click here.
Meet our Teachers
70% of our lead teachers have a bachelors degree; one is working on a masters degree in education, and another has a masters degree in early childhood. Click
here
Good Shepherd School for Children provides care to all children regardless of race, creed, color, sex, national origin or religion.
Print
|
Sitemap
© Good Shepherd
Login
Web ViewMobile View
Logout |
Edit page