https://www.familyfirst.net/terms-conditions/
Close
About
Programs
Store
Subscribe
Subscribe
Sign Out
Search
Donate
Other Pages
FAQ
Press Room
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Partners
Terms & Conditions
You agree, through your interactive use of this website, that you will not post any material which is false, defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of another’s privacy, or otherwise in violation of any international or United States federal law. You also agree not to post any copyrighted material unless you own the copyright or you have written consent from the owner of the copyrighted material. Spam, flooding, advertisements, promotion of products, chain letters, pyramid schemes, and solicitations are also forbidden. In addition, you agree not to post your email address, telephone number, physical or mailing address or any other personal information.
Be advised that it is impossible for the staff or the owners of this interactive resource to confirm the validity of posts, and as such, are not responsible for the content contained within. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information presented. The posted comments express the views of the author, and not necessarily the views of this website, its staff, its subsidiaries, or the organization. Anyone who feels that a posted comment is objectionable is encouraged to notify an administrator or directly email the organization immediately. The staff and the owner of this interactive resource reserve the right to remove objectionable or forbidden content as outlined above, within a reasonable time frame, if they deem that removal is necessary. Because this is a manual process, realize that immediate removal or appropriate editing may not be possible. This policy applies to member profile information as well as posted content.
Users of this interactive resource remain solely responsible for the content of their posted messages. By using this interactive resource, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless the owners of this resource, any related websites to it, its staff, and its subsidiaries. The organization also reserves the right to reveal your identity (or any other related information collected on this service) in the event of a formal complaint or legal action arising from any situation caused by your use of this interactive resource.
Appropriate sanctions may be applicable. Please note that with each comment posted, your IP address is recorded and will be available to administrators in the event that comment removal, account removal or banning is required. This will only happen in the event of a major violation of this agreement.
Also note that a cookie (a text file containing bits of information such as your username and password) will be created in your browser’s cache. Cookies are created solely for the purpose of “remembering” your user name and password, and keeping you logged in or out. Cookies DO NOT collect or send any other form of information to your computer.
Family First retains the right to modify this Terms of Use Policy at any time by posting an updated policy on our website(s). Your continued use of our websites and tools after the date of any such update will be deemed to be your agreement to the current policy terms.
Subscribe
Receive daily parenting and marriage inspiration from one of the newsletters below.
Sign In to the Love Well Portal
Username or Email Address
Password
Forgot Your Password?
Remember Me
Search This Site
Search