https://www.visit-croatia.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home1 / Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy was last updated on 24th May 2018.Who we areWe are a independent travel information website called Visit Croatia. Our website address is: https://www.visit-croatia.co.uk.What personal data is collected via this site and whyCommentsVisit Croatia uses the Disqus comment system to allow our website visitors to leave comments and ask questions, and for us (and others) to respond to these questions, comments and discussions.You can read more at Disqus’s Privacy Policy and in their Support section for details on what information they hold on users.Email and IP addresses of users are collected strictly for moderation purposes (in almost all cases, to help with moderating and deleting spam comments and banning spammers). Visit Croatia does not otherwise process or share this data in any way.Member forumsVisit Croatia runs two forums – the Visit Croatia Forum and the Croats in the UK Forum. Both of these forums use the ProBoards forum hosting service. You can read the ProBoards Privacy Policy here.IP addresses of users on the forums are logged purely to help with the removal of spammers.If you are already a member on one of our forums, you may wish to check your user profile to make sure all information displayed there is something you would like to share (or not) with others. If you need any help with changing the settings on your account, or would like assistance in deleting your account, please email us.Visit Croatia does not use or share forum members’ user data in any way.CookiesVisit Croatia uses cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device / computer to track how you use the website, to record or log whether you have seen particular messages that we display, to display relevant adverts or content, referred you to a third party website.Some cookies are required to enjoy and use the full functionality of this website. You may, of course, control your use of cookies on this site via your web browser.You can find out more about cookies used on this website and how to control use of cookies on our Cookie Policy page.Sponsored links, affiliate tracking & commissionsOur website contains adverts, sponsored and affiliate links on some pages. These are typically served through our advertising partners; Google Adsense, Amazon Affiliates, Booking.com, Viator or are self served through our own means. We only use trusted advertising partners who each have high standards of user privacy and security. However we do not control the actual adverts seen / displayed by our advertising partners. Our ad partners may collect data and use cookies for ad personalisation and measurement. Where ad preferences are requested as ‘non-personalised’ cookies may still be used for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting and to combat fraud and abuse.Clickable sponsored or affiliate links may be displayed as a website URL e.g. www.booking.com or a titled text link e.g. Accommodation. However, not all links displayed on this website are sponsored or affiliate links.Clicking on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links may track your actions by using a cookie saved to your device. You can read more about cookies on this website above. Your actions are usually recorded as a referral from our website by this cookie. In most cases we earn a small commission from the advertiser or advertising partner, at no cost to you, whether you make a purchase on their website or not.We use advertising partners in these ways to help generate an income from the website, which allows us to continue our work and provide you with the best overall experience and valued information.If you have any concerns about this we suggest you do not click on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links found throughout the website.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsVisit Croatia uses Google Analytics to collect analytics data. Data associated with cookies, user identifiers, or advertising identifiers is stored by Google Analytics for 26 months, after which time it is deleted.Who we share your data withAside from any data obtained with our commenting system or our analytics partner mentioned above, we do not share your data with any third party (see below).Emailing usWe welcome anyone to contact us privately via email if you have any travel questions (or other general questions) on Croatia. By emailing us, you are giving your consent for us to contact you (i.e. to reply to you!).We do not use your personal information – name, email address or any other information you provide – for any means other than replying to you. We do not share this information with anyone. We do not have a mailout or newsletter, and do not use your contact details to add you onto any kind of mailing list.Contacting Visit CroatiaIf you have any queries or concerns about any of the above, you can contact us on webmaster@visit-croatia.co.uk.Latest travel news for CroatiaPLEASE NOTE
Due to the global coronavirus outbreak and various restrictions in Croatia, Europe and elsewhere, the advice on some of these pages may not currently be valid. We will keep most of the information as is to look forward to a better day when we can all travel freely again. However, for the latest news, particularly related to visiting Croatia this year, we would suggest taking a look at our Visiting Croatia in 2020 page.
Visit Croatia NewsletterLatest posts on the Visit Croatia BlogMuseum of Illusions in Zagreb – Visit Croatia Review16th November 2020 - 12:29 pmThe Yacht Week’s luxury cabins bookable for the first time13th November 2020 - 1:20 pmMeet Dubrovnik wedding planner Yes I Du and see the amazing weddings their team has helped plan11th November 2020 - 1:36 pmCoronavirus Situation in Croatia – Autumn Update6th November 2020 - 1:17 pmThe Yacht Week 2021 open for bookings16th October 2020 - 12:17 pm
More on Visit CroatiaAbout Visit CroatiaContact Visit CroatiaCookie PolicyPrivacy PolicyUpdated daily
New & Updated on Visit CroatiaPublic Transport in Dubrovnik
Baska Voda
The 11 Best Islands in Croatia
Vodnjan
The Peljesac Peninsula
Top Souvenirs from Croatia
UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Croatia
Omis
What Not to Miss in Croatia
Unusual Places to Stay in Croatia
Flights to Croatia 2021
Island Hopping in Croatia on a Budget
How to plan a holiday to Croatia
Useful information on CroatiaCoronavirus in Croatia – Autum Update
Money in Croatia
Visa Requirements for Croatia
Buses in Croatia
Ferries in Croatia
Top Ten Destinations in Croatia
Map of Croatia
About Croatia
Scroll to top
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. More information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close