http://www.homeofclematis.net/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
At Home of Clematis, we respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information.To learn more, please read on.
This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information. By visiting ourwebsite you accept the practices described in this policy.
Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content contained on any external web site that links to this site or to which this site links.
Information Collection, Use and Disclosure
In order to provide an efficient and customized experience, we will collect information from you in several different ways when you are on this site.
Ordering and Billing. During this process, you will be asked to provide the following personal information, including but not limited to your name, shipping and billing address, email address and phone number as well as your credit card number. In addition, we may ask for you country of residence so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations. You may also be asked your gender. These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders, to communicate with you about your order and our site, as well as for internal marketing purposes. We will also need your personal information to contact you if we encounter a problem when trying to process you order.
Email Addresses. There are several locations on this site where you may be asked to enter your email address. Some of the purposes for this include, but are not limited to signing up for our email newsletter and special offers, to request us to notify you when we receive an item you are waiting for or when we receive new collections.
Cookies and Other Technology. Our site, like many others, employs cookies and web beacons. These devices help speed up your navigation through the site and track your site usage. Most internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can disable this function on your computer and set your browser to refuse cookies from websites or to remove cookies from your hard drive. If you choose to do this, you will not be able to access or use portions of this site nor will you be able to select products, place them in your shopping cart or purchase these products. You need cookies to do all of these.
PLEASE NOTE: Cookies are not spyware. They cannot infiltrate your hard drive to gather a user's confidential information. Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine if a page has been viewed and how many times. Any third party advertising companies that we may use may employ cookies and web beacons to measure how effective the advertising is and any information that these parties collect via cookies and web beacons are not linked to any customer's personal information that we collect. Internal Use and Communication with You. We will use your personal information to process your order, to provide you with customer service, to improve our site's layout and content, and to determine general marketing information about visitor's to this site. We will use your personal information to communicate with you about your orders, our site, and your deliveries. You may submit your email address to sign up for our announcements and our newsletter and we will use your email address to deliver this information to you. You can opt out or “unsubscribe” from these emails at any time, but because we have to communicate with you about your orders, you cannot opt out of emails relating to your orders.
Related Information
External Use. We do not sell, rent, trade, license or otherwise disclose your personal or financial information to anyone, except in a few specific circumstances. We will disclose personal information like your name, address and email and phone number to third party service providers that we partner with, such as Canada Post and Federal Express. We will also have to provide your credit card number to financial service corporations such as credit card processors and issuers to complete your online transactions and allow you to buy products. When we submit your credit card number for authorization, we use state-of-the-art encryption to protect your information. We will publicly disclose the name, city, and state or province of shoppers who submit testimonials and winners of any online contests that we run. Data Security. This site uses Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) encryption for all financial transactions through this site. We rely on third-party service providers for processing all transactions and we believe their security procedures are adequate and that they use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information. Remember that 100% security does not currently exist anywhere on or off line and we cannot guarantee complete security.
Unsubscribe. Upon request we can unsubscribe you from our email list and stop sending you emails to you your email address. You can make this request after opening any of our newsletters or email announcements and clicking on the “unsubscribe” option.
Offline Collection, Use and Disclosure of Information. Most of the information we collect will be done online but there are times when it may be done offline. One example of this is when someone phones in their order. We will always try to protect the privacy of your information and will only ask for the personal information we need to place your order. Your order information will then be entered into our database through SSL encryption. Again, offline as with online, we will not sell, trade or rent any information that collect from you.
Updates to this Policy. Any changes or updates to this site they may happen from time to time will always be posted so that you will always be made aware of how we collect and use your information.
I reside in the USA
I reside in Canada
I reside neither in the
USA nor Canada (shopping not available)
0
Shopping cart is empty.