https://www.cdkitchen.com/admin/privacy.html
cdkitchen > privacy policy
Privacy Policy for CDKitchen, Inc.
CDKitchen.com is concerned about your privacy.
We do our very best not to
infringe upon your freedom to surf the internet.
The only information we
collect from your surfing is to monitor traffic flow on our sites (which
pages are viewed and how often), to maintain security (in case of
hacking), and to keep our sites up to date (when broken links are found).
IP address is used solely for traffic flow patterns (if there was another
way we'd use it - sorry!), browser type/platform is used so we can design
our sites so the majority of our visitors can use all of our features - we
hate to leave anyone out.
If you sign up for a recipEbox account when you log in CDKitchen
will set a session-based cookie.
This cookie is used so the website can remember who you
are when you try to add something to your recipEbox.
Session-based means that when you close
your browser or shut down your computer, the cookie is erased (but not the data you added to your recipEbox!).
This is why you have to log in
each time you visit CDKitchen.
Session-based cookies are safer since the data isn't stored
any longer than necessary.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (NOT including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Any information given voluntarily, such as an email address used to sign up for our mailing lists, is used for
internal purposes only and is NEVER, EVER sold or given to anyone outside of CDKitchen. Voluntarily submitted
addresses may be used for correspondence from CDKitchen regarding recipEbox accounts, important changes to the
website, or other messages.
You may easily opt out of this correspondence by cancelling the service you requested
(recipEbox, mailing list, etc).
Publicly posted email addresses (such as in any open forum, reviews, comments) on the site are not recommended as CDKitchen cannot provide protection of those addresses.
Email addresses entered by visitors to send recipes from the website are NOT stored or recorded by CDKitchen, Inc.
CDKitchen does maintain relationships with outside companies and websites but your only contact with them is if you click on a banner or link and are redirected to their site (which we hope you'll do to keep CDK free and minimize our need for advertising!).
We can not control their use of information and urge you to be aware that you will be subject to their privacy policy once leaving our site.
While we try to partner with the most reputable companies, we are not responsible for actions.
Please feel free to report any misuse of information from outside companies so we can evaluate our partnerships with them.
CDKitchen, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
If you feel that your privacy has been violated in any way by this website, please contact us and let us know.
Recipe Quick Jump
dinners
casseroles
soups & salads
appetizers
desserts
baked goods
crockpot
copycat
drinks
side dishes
breakfast
holidays
About CDKitchen
Online since 1995, CDKitchen has grown into a large collection of delicious recipes created by home cooks and professional chefs from around the world. We are all about tasty treats, good eats, and fun food. Join our community of 201,250+ other members - browse for a recipe, submit your own, add a review, or upload a recipe photo.
Contact Us
Media Inquiries
Advertise
Help Desk
About CDKitchen
Legal
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Recipe Use
Photo Use