https://www.thoughtco.com/iep-goals-help-adhd-students-to-focus-3110988
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
Chris Schmidt/Getty Images
For Educators
Special Education
Individual Education Plans
Applied Behavior Analysis
Behavior Management
Lesson Plans
Math Strategies
Reading & Writing
Social Skills
Inclusion Strategies
Becoming A Teacher
Assessments & Tests
Elementary Education
Secondary Education
Teaching
Homeschooling
By
Sue Watson
Education Expert
Sue Watson is a developmental support counselor who has worked in public education since 1991, specializing in developmental services, behavioral work, and special education.
our editorial process
Sue Watson
Updated August 01, 2019
Students with special needs pertaining to ADHD will often exhibit symptoms that can disrupt the learning environment of the whole classroom. Some of the common symptoms include making careless mistakes, failing to pay close attention to details, not following instructions carefully, not listening when spoken to directly, blurting out answers before hearing the whole question, feeling restless, fidgeting, running or climbing excessively, and failing to follow instructions carefully and completely.
Focus and Sustain Attention
If you are writing a plan to ensure that your ADHD students will be successful, ensure that your goals are based on the student's past performance and that each goal and statement is stated positively and is measurable. However, before creating goals for your student, establish a learning environment that is conducive to helping children focus and sustain their attention. Some of the tactics include the following:
Ensure that the student is close to the source of information.Keep distractions to a minimum and demonstrate/model strategies to cope with classroom distractions. (This may involve some role-playing.)Establish a cue/prompt to ensure you have the student's attention prior to starting. (This could be a touch on the shoulder or saying the student's name.)Encourage the student to repeat directions or instructions on a regular basis.Allow one-to-one instructions/directions to happen as necessary.Encourage the student to use organizers for lessons, such as main points, subheadings, and materials needed.Use peer facilitation—train juniors or senior students who work with peers that are struggling. Peers can also help to identify issues, mediate conflicts, or just provide support.Establish consequences for the lack of attention during instructional times.When the student is not focusing, encourage him to enter a note in his behavior journal, stating the inappropriate behavior.
ADHD IEP Goals
Always develop goals that can be measured. Be specific as to the duration or the circumstance under which the goal will be implemented, and use specific time slots when possible. Once the IEP is written, it is imperative that the student is taught the goals and fully understands the expectations. Provide students with ways of tracking goals—they need to be accountable for their own changes. Here are some examples of measurable goals you can start with.
Set a goal for completed homework. Create a weekly calendar where you and the student can keep track of finished work. Keeping track of the goal of completing homework five days a week may help the student focus on the task of finishing homework daily.
Set a simple goal for jotting down reminders and assignment due dates in his school agenda five days a week. Ask to see the student's agenda at the end of the week and together count how many times he jotted down due dates of assignments and special school events.
Create a goal for the student to develop organizational skills for managing her daily life. For instance, ask the student to keep track of a personal checklist of daily tasks. From brushing her teeth in the morning to eating lunch or spending time on the computer, set a goal for the student to keep track of how often all of the boxes in her checklist are all marked off.
Make Goals Relevant
Keep in mind that goals or statements must be relevant to each student's needs. Start slowly, choosing only a couple of behaviors to change at any given time. Involve the student—this enables him to take responsibility and be accountable for his own modifications. Also, provide some time to enable the student to track and or graph his successes.
Write IEP Goals for Healthy Student Work Habits
IEP - Writing an IEP
How to Write Statements for Daily Living Skills
The 6 Best Online Chemistry Tutoring Services of 2020
Accommodations for Students With Special Needs
How to Set Measurable, Achievable IEP Goals for Reading Comprehension
Middle School Students and Their Various Personalities
How to Write IEP Goals
The Inclusive Classroom as the Best Placement
Assessing Students With Special Needs
Stop Classroom Clutter
Appropriate Consequences for Student Misbehavior
Data Collection for Special Education
Accommodations, Modifications, and Interventions in the Classroom
Individualized Education Programs That Support Self Esteem
IEP Goals to Support Behavior Modification