http://www.mortonarb.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumbs
HomeVISIT & exploreAbout the ArboretumPrivacy policy
VISIT & explore
Phone/tablet secondary navigation Plan a VisitCalendar of Events
Know Before You Go
Timed-Entry Reservation Guide
Admission and Timed-Entry FAQ
COVID-19 Updates
Phased Reopening of Buildings
Admission and Hours
Events and Programs
Maps and Directions
Ginkgo Restaurant and CaféArboretum beers
Visiting Tips
AccessibilityWeb accessibility statement
Group AdmissionPrivate tram tours
Museums for All
Latest newsAll news
Press CenterCalendar of events
Latest news
Press kitTroll Hunt press kit
About the Arboretum
Awards
Press releases
ArbConnect
Seasons archive
Videos
About the ArboretumArbor Day resourcesArbor Day history
Arbor Day in the classroom
Be a tree champion this Arbor Day
The Morton Arboretum's science and conservation efforts
Trustees and advisorsBoard of Trustees
Board of Advisors
Mission and historyJoy Morton
Arbor Day history
Four Columns
The Morton Arboretum logo
Morton Family Cemetery
Research Center
Thornhill Education Center
Diversity and inclusion
Financial information
Perennial Reports
Affiliates
Sustainability at the ArboretumGreen roof
Working at the ArboretumInternships
Arboretum staff
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions
Plan an eventCorporate eventsCorporate meetings
Corporate parties
Corporate picnics
Illumination rentals
Event Inquiry
Social events and showersParties & reunions
Shower packages
Children's parties
Event venues and rates
Photography permits
Weddings and receptionsBride's toolbox
Winter weddings
Ginkgo catering
Activities and exhibitsAcorn Express tram tours
Arboretum roads and trailsBikingBicycling guidelines
Cross-country skiing and snowshoeing
Hiking
Running
Children's GardenPlan your visit
Central Plaza
Backyard Discovery Gardens
Adventure Woods
Enhance your visit
Fall Woods and Wonders
Google Cultural Institute
Human+Nature
The Gateway to Tree ScienceGateway Takeaways
The Morton Arboretum app
Tree-mendous Tree Stories
Troll Hunt
Vanishing Acts
Conifer Exhibit
Collections and Creations
The Arboretum StoreArboretum gift cards
Shop online
Sterling Morton LibraryMonthly Library ProfilesSeptember 2019: Joy Morton, Founder of The Morton Arboretum
August 2019: The Schulenberg Prairie
June 2019: The Archive of the Sterling Morton Library
February 2019: Floral Design
August 2020: Arboretum Dogs!
July 2020: Updates from the Archives: Morton Family Correspondence
January 2019: Winter Bird Watching
December 2018: Winter Woods
November 2018: The Brief Botany of Beer
October 2018: Children's Books
September 2018: Seeds
August 2018: How Trees Tell Stories
July 2018: History of the China Collection
June 2018: Ethnobotany
May 2018: May T. Watts Reading Garden
March 2018: Native Gardening
Visit and use the library
Library collections
Library courses and events
Library exhibits
Library history
Subject resourcesBirding and ornithology
Botanical art and nature illustration
Botany and Plant Science
Gardening and Horticulture
Trees and Conservation
return to menu top
Privacy policy
The primary purpose of the website and app of The Morton Arboretum is to provide information about The Morton Arboretum and its areas of expertise, not to gather personal information. We do, however, gather some information through the site and app through third-party vendors, as described below. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages, communicate with users, and to notify consumers about updates to our website.
Information Gathered
For each visitor to our website or app, our web server automatically recognizes the consumer's IP address. We collect the domain name of visitors for data reports only. Names provided by visitors to the Arboretum via the email subscription feature on the website will receive periodic communications, and they have the option to opt out of the service at any time via the “unsubscribe” link provided in the emails.
Registration
Certain features of this site and app require you to complete the registration form. Some personal information (such as name and email address) is required. This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site about which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name, phone number, and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your order(s). If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Security/PCI compliance
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information, such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server for the transfer of data. We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. The Morton Arboretum is committed to protecting consumer credit card data in compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is created on the computer hard drive that gives that user a unique, random ID. This ID enables the website to recognize each visitor on subsequent visits to the site. A cookie may indicate the preferences selected by a visitor on a prior visit and facilitate more efficient browsing on subsequent visits. We use cookies to store visitor preferences, record session information such as items that consumers add to their shopping carts or programs that a visitor registers for, and to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit. We use cookies from third-party partners such as Google and Facebook to analyze user activity to improve the functionality and user experience of the website. Use of cookies is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site for marketing purposes. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Use of Information
If you supply us with your postal address and/or email address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new programs or upcoming events. Supplying us with your postal address and/or email address constitutes your consent to receiving those mailings from us.  If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by emailing trees@mortonarb.org. We do not partner with nor have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Changes to the Use of Information
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by emailing trees@mortonarb.org or by calling 630-968-0074.
Protection of Children
The website or app are not designed or intended to attract children or teens under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from any person we know is under the age of 18.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may reach us through the contact information below.
European Union Visitors
Consent to Data Transfer
If you submit data to us, create an account on our website, or instruct us to process your order or donation, your data will be transferred outside of the European Economic Area to a country which does not adequately protect your data. The possible risks of transferring your data outside of the EEA include financial loss, identity theft, and being unable to exercise the rights you would usually have under data protection laws against the organizations/individuals who receive and have access to your data in those jurisdictions.  To submit data to us, create an account on our website, or place an order or make a donation to us online, you are required to consent to this transfer of your data. You have the right to revoke your consent at any time by contacting trees@mortonarb.org.
Data Protection Rights
You may have rights under European and other laws to have access to data you have made available to us and to ask us to rectify, erase, and restrict use of your data. You may also have rights to object to your data, to ask for the transfer of your data, and to withdraw consent to the use of your data. We will honor your rights under applicable data protection laws.  Further information on how to exercise your rights is set out below.
If you are located in the European Union, you have the following rights under European laws, and may have similar rights under the laws of other countries:
Right of subject access: The right to make a written request for details of your data that we hold and a copy of that data;
Right to rectification: The right to have inaccurate information about you corrected or removed;
Right to erasure ('right to be forgotten'): The right to have certain data about you erased;
Right to restriction of processing: The right to request that your data be used only for  restricted purposes;
Right to opt out of marketing: The right to opt out of our marketing materials by clicking “unsubscribe” links found in the communications you receive from us or by changing your account information;
Right to object: The right to object to processing of your data in cases where our processing is based on the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or we have let you know the processing is necessary for our or a third party’s legitimate interests;
Right to data portability: The right to ask for your data to be transferred to you or a third party in machine-readable format;
Right to notice of automated decision-making: The right to be informed of the existence of any automated decision-making, including profiling, that involves your data and, in some cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, and the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject; and
Right to withdraw consent: The right to withdraw any consent you have previously given us to handle your data. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your data prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
These rights are not absolute and they do not always apply in all cases.
In order to exercise your rights please contact us at trees@mortonarb.org.  In response to a request, we will ask you to verify your identity if we need to, and to provide information that helps us to understand your request better. If we do not comply with your request, whether in whole or in part, we will explain why.  In addition to contacting us, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
The Morton Arboretum
4100 Illinois Route 53
Lisle, IL 60532-1293trees@mortonarb.org
630-968-0074
Pages related to
VISIT & explorePlan a Visit
Latest news
About the ArboretumArbor Day resources
Trustees and advisors
Mission and history
Diversity and inclusion
Financial information
Perennial Reports
Affiliates
Sustainability at the Arboretum
Working at the Arboretum
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions
Plan an event
Activities and exhibits
The Arboretum Store
Sterling Morton Library
Promotions
Virtual Santa Visits
Holiday traditions may look a little different this year, but children can still share in the excitement of Christmas by having a virtual visit with Santa.
learn more
Prescribed Burns
Please note that the Arboretum has begun fall prescribed burns, which will continue periodically through mid-December. Burning is essential for restoring and maintaining healthy natural areas. Burns usually do not start before 10:00 a.m., so early morning tickets are recommended.
learn more
Spruce Shuffle 5K
Register now for the new Spruce Shuffle 5K on Saturday and Sunday, December 12 and 13. This specially designed on-site race allows runners to maintain a safe distance and follows a course through the Arboretum's scenic early winter landscape.
Register now
Founder's Room Rental
Host an intimate gathering or wedding ceremony in the Founder's Room and surround your special guests with elegant architectural details like stained glass medallions and ornate woodwork. Learn more about this space and other rental options, all with beautiful Arboretum views.
Learn more