https://www.stanhywet.org/privacy-policy#overlay-context=
Jump to navigation
You are hereHome › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Stan Hywet Hall & Gardens Privacy Policy
Stan Hywet Hall & Gardens does not share your personal information when you conduct business on our web site. Stan Hywet does not exchange or sell email addresses or telephone numbers.
The Privacy Policy outlined below states the ways your information is used and protected.  By visiting stanhywet.org, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy notice.
How do we use your information?
Stan Hywet uses the personal information you submit to accomplish the following:
To sell tickets for special events, tours and educational opportunities; to sell merchandise; accept membership fees and donor contributions.
When making purchases through the online store at stanhywet.org, personal information is retained only as long as required to fulfill orders and facilitate service.
When scheduling tours and distance learning lessons, information is collected to process the request, including name and email addresses. Personal information will be retained to facilitate service, and to provide updates and information via email.
Informational updates delivered via newsletters and eblasts are accomplished by collecting and retaining information including name, demographics and preferences, as well as email addresses. Personal information will be retained to facilitate the delivery of such messages.
Cookies
For your convenience, stanhywet.org (or Stan Hywet) might assign a “cookie” during your visit to our website.  A cookie is a small file that contains information (such as your login name) and is stored by your computer’s browser. Stan Hywet does not use cookies for any reason other than to personalize the guest experience when using our website. If cookies are not accepted, the visitor will need to re-enter certain preferences when visiting some pages on the site.
Is it safe to use your credit card?
Stan Hywet Hall & Gardens is approved by Trustwave to protect your credit card and other confidential information with 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption.  We have also been authorized by Trustwave to display the Trustwave Secured Seal, a global certificate authority (CA) made available for display on any website that protects its customers’ confidential information using Trustwave services.
Third Party Vendors
Stan Hywet Hall & Gardens may engage third-party vendors to manage the website and to facilitate service to customers and visitors.  Vendors are restricted from the unauthorized use of Stan Hywet Hall & Gardens information and they are required to maintain the confidentiality and security of this information.
Automated Data Collection
In addition to the information you supply to us, Stan Hywet Hall & Gardens collects certain information automatically. Web servers automatically record the IP address of visitors to this site, including date and time of visit, web browser used, and pages visited.  This information is used for server and network operations, and to better understand how visitors use this website.  Any statistics compiled from this information will not include personal information.
Links to Other Websites
Stan Hywet Hall & Gardens (stanhywet.org) contains links to other websites not under our control.  Stan Hywet is not responsible for either the privacy policies nor content of these websites.
Contact Information
Any questions or concerns related to Stan Hywet's Privacy Policy or any other aspect of this website may be directed to info@stanhywet.org.
January 11, 2019
714 North Portage Path Akron OH 44303 330.836.5533 888.836.5533 info@stanhywet.org
Stan Hywet Hall & Gardens(c) All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
YouTube
330.836.5533
330.836.5533
info@stanhywet.org