http://www.gardenresources.co.uk/store/privacy
Home
About Us
Blog
Policies
Shipping Policy
Condition Of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact
FAQ
Login
Register
My Cart
Your cart is empty
We are Colorado owned.
Shop local and support Colorado business. Colorado jobs matter.
Voted the Best Amazon Shopping Alternative
Exact Match
Broad Match
Description
GO
One Stop Life Shop with Deals of the Day to help you live life better.
We have The Best Discount Shopping Deals on over 9 million different products so you save money.
Be sure to look at our Blog.
It was rated the Best on the Internet and is a Google News Contributor.
The Vandergraph Notes section contains Free Success Training and Thoughts from the Vandergraph Family.
Privacy
Your privacy as a visitor at BargainBrute is important to us, which is why we pay special attention to your privacy as well as the confidentiality of your personal data.
Just like all the best online shopping websites, we want to make sure that you understand our privacy policy, which is why we are sharing this policy usage with you, so you can better understand our online information practices.
When you visit our website, you are required to provide us your personal information, including your name, address, contact number, as well as credit card information, so that we can process your order. The information you share is safe with us, and is not shared with outside parties other than the companies that we have outsourced our functions to. Limited data is presented to them, in order to make sure that you get optional marketing assistance.
The information you provide us, helps us in processing your orders, verify your account, as well as in communicating with you regarding your online orders. Your personal information can be assessed and updated from the profile page, and you can update the information anytime you want.
It is important you know that BargainBrute has the right to modify the privacy policy at any time, so you are requested to review it regularly. If any changes are made to this policy, you will be notified via email or a notice at the homepage of our website.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
Thank you for your purchase
All orders are processed the very same day!
Thank you for supporting Colorado Jobs.
About Us
We are Colorado owned.
Shop local and support Colorado business.
Colorado jobs matter. We are a Family Owned Colorado Strong Online Shopping... Read More
Key Links
About our store
Shipping Policy
Condition Of Use
Privacy Policy
Register
Login
Contact
FAQ
Returns
Our Blog
Sitemap
2020 © Copyright bargainbrute.com.
All rights Reserved.
Multi-currencies display