http://www.mops.org/privacy-policy
Learn More
MOMcon Information  Advertise/Exhibit   Register for MOMcon
LeadersLeaders
Leader Resources
Your Leader Homepage Manage and Renew Your Group Annual Theme Group Experience Kit Idea Center Leadership Training Leader Topics Membership Mom Meeting Plans Leader Meeting Plans New Leader Startup Teen Leaders MOMSnext Leaders Global MOPS Leaders Military Leaders Theme Graphics Marketing Tools Group Downloads
Leaders: Log In Here Our section for MOPS leaders is full of amazing content to aid in the planning and execution of MOPS meetings throughout the year. LOGIN
Donate
Giving
BlogBlog
Hello, Dearest is our official blog, updated daily with amazing articles, ideas and motherhood hacks!   Visit Hello, Dearest
Blog Categories
HOME WE LOVE SELF ESSENTIALS HONESTLY BRAVE COLLECTIVE
Latest from the blog... The Journey of Motherhood Read
With Love Read
Identity Read
StoreAbout
About MOPS
About MOPS Our History Statement of Faith MIssion Careers Contact
Church Global Executive Team Board of Directors Press Our Sponsors
Global
Global Information
Global Sites
Africa Albania Australia Brazil
Canada Europe Latin America UK
Privacy and Information Collected
The MOPS Privacy Policy describes how MOPS collects and uses personal information.
No Warranties
ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITH NO WARRANTIES OR RESPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.  YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
Limitation of Liability
MOPS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACTS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, BREACHES, NEGLIGENCE, OR FOR ANY LOSS, CLAIM, INJURY, DEATH, LIAIBILITY, PROPERTY DAMAGE, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OR EXPENSES RESULTING FROM THE WEBSITE OR ANY HYPERLINKS. MOPS HAS NO LIABILITY AND WILL MAKE NO WARRANTY, REFUND, OR OTHER RESTITUTION TO YOU WITH REGARDS TO THE WEBSITE FOR ANY REASON, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DELAYS, CANCELLATIONS, STRIKES, GOVERNMENTAL ISSUES, OR FORCE MAJEURE. THERE IS ALWAYS THE POSSIBILITY OF ENCOUNTERING COMPUTER VIRUSES, AND PLACING YOUR SYSTEM ONLINE IN ITSELF CAN OPEN YOU TO OUTSIDE ATTACK.  MOPS DOES NOT TAKE RESPONSIBILITY OR ASSUME LIABILITY FOR VIRUSES.  MOPS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY DELAY OR ERROR IN ACCESS OR TRANSMISSION, IMPROPER USE, UNAVAILABILITY, INTERRUPTION, FAILURE IN PERFORMANCE, DEFECTS, ERRORS IN CONTENT OR ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION RELATED TO THE WEBSITE OR ANY HYPERLINKS.  MOPS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR TERMINATION OF YOUR LICENSE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL MOPS BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF MOPS IS AWARE OR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, MOPS’S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO YOUR CEASING USE OF THE WEBSITE.  YOUR STATE’S LAW MAY OVERRIDE OR DISPLACE SOME OF THESE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS.
Legal Compliance
You agree to comply with all applicable domestic and international laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding your use of the Website. MOPS reserves the right to investigate complaints or reported violations of this TOU and to take any action it deems appropriate, including but not limited to canceling your License, reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties and disclosing any information necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to your use of the Website.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold MOPS, its officers, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, service providers, suppliers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney fees and court costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post or make available through the Website, your use of the Website, your violation of the TOU, your violation of any other policy, or your violation of any rights of another.
Intellectual Property
The Website contains MOPS service marks and trademarks as well as those of other organizations, in the form of words, graphics, and logos. Your use of the Website does not constitute any right or license for you to use such service marks or trademarks, without the prior written permission of the corresponding service mark or trademark owner. MOPS claims ownership of intellectual property rights in the Website and its content to the maximum extent provided by copyright laws and international treaties. The copying, reproduction, redistribution, modification, use or publication by you of the Website or its content is strictly prohibited. Your use of the Website does not grant you ownership rights of any kind in the Website or its content.  At times, MOPS may provide material online and grant permission to use the material with certain restrictions. This permission extends only to registered churches and their leaders as long as all copyright, trademark and proprietary notices are included on the material; the material is not modified in any manner; and the use of material is non-commercial in nature.  The permission does not grant you any ownership rights in the material, and your use of the material inures to the benefit of MOPS.
If you post or make available content to the Website you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to MOPS an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, display, and distribute the content and to prepare derivative works of the content.  All comments, suggestions, ideas or other information or content that you send to MOPS through the Website become and remain the property of MOPS, even after this TOU terminates.  MOPS is not obligated to keep any submission confidential.  You cannot sue MOPS for using ideas that you submit. If MOPS uses your idea or any similar idea, MOPS does not have to compensate or credit you or anyone else for doing so. MOPS will have exclusive ownership of all present and future rights to submissions of any kind. Submissions may be used as MOPS determines is appropriate without compensation or credit to anyone.  You acknowledge that you are responsible for any submission you make. You accept full responsibility for the message, including its reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may contain links to third party websites.  The links are provided solely as a convenience to you. By linking to these websites, MOPS does not create or have an affiliation with, or sponsor such third party websites. MOPS does not review all sites that may be linked directly or indirectly to the Website.  The inclusion of links within the Website does not constitute any endorsement, guarantee, warranty, or recommendation of such third party websites. MOPS has no control over the legal documents and privacy practices of third party websites and is not responsible for objectionable content that may be on other websites.  Your access to and use of any such third party websites is at your own risk.  If you find a linked site that contains objectionable material, is outdated or does not operate, please send a message to service@MOPS.org.
Miscellaneous
This TOU constitutes the entire agreement between MOPS and you with respect to the Website.  This TOU shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to conflicts of laws provisions.  Sole and exclusive jurisdiction for any action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be an appropriate state or federal court located in Denver County, Colorado.  Any cause of action you may have with respect to this TOU must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises.  If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the TOU, or any portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the TOU, and the remainder of the TOU shall continue in full force and effect.  To the extent that any content in the Website conflicts or is inconsistent with this TOU, this TOU shall take precedence.  MOPS’s failure to enforce any provision of this TOU shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision. The rights of MOPS under this TOU shall survive the termination of this TOU.  You may not assign this TOU.
Yvette Santana
Women’s Discipleship Coordinator
Yvette Santana has served the Lord and the church since her youth. Her passions are education and equipping women to ensure that all have an equal opportunity to fulfill their dreams and live up to their God-given potential. She holds a Masters degree in Educational Psychology and a Bachelor degree in Sociology. She served as a Guidance Counselor in a K-12 urban school setting, working specifically with at-risk youth. She has served in ministry together with her husband for over 29 years as Evangelists, Youth and Education directors, Evangelism Directors, and Lead Pastors, where they oversaw the rebranding- revitalization of two congregations. Currently, she serves as Women’s Discipleship Coordinator for the Church of God SW Region as well as Chief Women’s Ministries Coordinator for the NHCLC.
CLOSE
Cathy Roberts, M.Ed, NCC, ACC
Colorado Springs, CO
Women’s Ministries/Global Learning
Cathy Roberts is a coach, counselor, trainer and encourager.
She spent time in the corporate world leading a global training organization and is currently a leadership coach. She has been involved in women’s ministry leadership for many years and often speaks for women’s retreats and events. She directed Women’s Ministries and Equipping Ministries at Tri-Lakes Chapel in Monument, CO for 13 years, overseeing the MOPS groups there. She is a faculty associate for the masters in counseling program at Regis University. She and her husband, Rick, work with Member Care at Greater Europe Mission. Cathy has spent extended time out of the country serving in hands-on mission experiences, teaching, equipping and encouraging missionaries. She has done coaching, counseling and staff development for both non-profit and secular organizations around the world and has a heart for equipping global women.
CLOSE
Ed Ollie, JR, M.PA
Chicago, IL
Pastor
Currently the campus pastor at Harvest Bible Chapel-The Cathedral in downtown, Chicago, Ed has been the pastor for a variety of church and para-church groups over his career and is a passionate advocate for multi-cultural evangelism. He was the Associate Regional Director for InterVarsity Christian Fellowship/USA for 14 years as well as chaplain for the Miami Hurricanes football team, and in those roles a frequent speaker to thousands of young adults and parents from all nationalities and backgrounds. In 2006, Ed was accepted into the National Urban Fellows Program, obtaining a Masters of Public Administration, with honors, and working in county government in Seattle, Washington, simultaneously with his ministry work. While in Seattle, he was a speechwriter, helped shaped policy, and participated in numerous civic activities. Following his masters degree, he was named Director of Development and Alumni Relations at University of Michigan. Returning to church leadership in 2011, Ed served as the Director of Discipleship and Leadership Development at NorthRidge Church in Plymouth, Michigan, for 2 years before accepting the role of Senior Associate Pastor of Hermitage Hills Baptist Church in Nashville in 2013.
CLOSE
Keith McVaney
Denver, CO
Urban Outreach
Keith is the Education Director for Save Our Youth of Denver, CO, which advocates for teens in economically disadvantaged neighborhoods. He has been supporting at risk youth in the Denver metro area, educationally, spiritually, and emotionally for the past 12 years. He is currently serving on the Board of Directors for the Denver Dream Center. God’s calling for Keith’s life is to help direct those in need to the resources and support available.
CLOSE
Jeanne McMains, J.D.
Atlanta, GA
National Christian Foundation
Jeanne is Vice President of Gift Planning for The National Christian Foundation, providing legal expertise for high-net-worth individuals who want to direct their charitable giving through NCF. Jeanne has practiced law for over 20 years, working closely with a variety of non-profit organizations and philanthropy at many levels.
CLOSE
Yvette Maher
Colorado Springs, CO
Women’s Ministries
Yvette Maher is the Chief Development Officer for DreamCenters of Colorado Springs. Prior positions include Executive Pastor at New Life Church overseeing Children’s, Community, & Women’s Ministries, and Sr. Communications Specialist at Focus on the Family. In her 21 years there, Yvette authored many articles for Focus on the Family magazines and appeared frequently on the daily broadcast, Weekend Magazine and as host for the live weekly webcast Your Family Live! She is an author and frequent speaker at women’s conferences and retreats around the globe. Her many years on church and ministry staffs give Yvette valuable insight and a heightened sensitivity to the many challenges people face in today’s society. Yvette loves encouraging people to value their God-given design and to impact their homes, communities and the world for Christ.
CLOSE
Kimberly Laydon, Secretary
Denver, CO
MOPS Mom/Philanthropist
As Associate Director of the Lewan Family Foundation, Kimberly has a heart for philanthropy and helping her family to wisely steward their funds. Kim led one of the largest MOPS groups in the nation, serves on the Parent Connection team at Cherry Hills Christian School, and serves as a Board member of Denver Cru Campus Ministry. Kimberly is a strong advocate for mothers and can speak to current parenting culture.
CLOSE
Makiko Harrison, Ph.D.
McLean, VA
Economist
Makiko served as a Senior Economist at the World Bank from 2001-07, leaving that position when her daughters were born. She has held MOPS leadership positions at McLean Presbyterian Church and hosts/leads Bible studies and prayer groups.
She has volunteered or served as a board member at the Romanian Christian Enterprises, International Justice Mission, the Cornerstone Schools of Washington DC, Sakura Academy (a Japanese preschool) the Langley School in McLean Virginia, and Supporting Child Caregivers, a nonprofit that trains infant- caregivers in developing countries. Makiko is also passionate about the Gospel movement in Tokyo where her family lives, and supports Redeemer City to City initiatives there.
CLOSE
Pamela Christian, Ph.D.
Los Angeles, CA
Educator
Pamela Christian currently serves as the Director of the E3 Initiative at the Los Angeles County Metro Transportation Authority. Prior to this role, she spent more than a dozen years in higher education, at Biola University as Vice Provost and at Azusa Pacific University, as a Professor and Chair of Educational Leadership and then as Associate Provost. Her professional portfolio includes experiences overseeing Academic Service Learning, Study Abroad, Diversity Planning and Assessment, the McNair Scholars Program, and Residence Life. She participated in the Harvard Institute in Management and Leadership, and as a fellow with the American Council of Education. Dr. Christian’s ministry work includes overseeing the Christian Education Department at the Centre at Highland, Church of God, and providing leadership for several small groups within her home. She led student mission teams and taught courses in Ghana and South Africa.
CLOSE
Jeffrey Asher, MBA
Denver, CO
Banker
Jeff retired from banking in 2015 after over 20 years with FirstBank Holding Company in Lakewood, CO. As a Senior Vice President, he led the compliance department, overseeing such areas as leadership, staff development, compliance training and program management, regulatory exam management and board of directors reporting. His previous experience includes consumer and commercial lending, bank operations, real estate appraisal review, and regulation analysis. He has been a conference planner and speaker for the American Bankers Association conference in various roles since 2010. Jeff also served on the 2014-15 board of Mental Health America of Colorado.  Jeff earned his MBA at University of Nebraska and is a graduate of the Pacific Coast Banking School in Seattle, WA.
CLOSE
Greg Bowlin, Treasurer
Aurora, CO
Business Strategist
Greg is the owner of Strategia Global, a firm devoted to assisting businesses formulate and implement winning strategies and business plans and serves as chief strategist and international business consultant for Real World Solutions, a cultural competency skills training organization. He was formerly an executive of The Boeing Company, having served as senior vice president and chief strategy officer for Boeing subsidiary Jeppesen, an aviation information company.
Greg spent more than 25 years in international business and has a unique ability and passion for working with diverse nationalities and cultures.
He is also the board treasurer for the Center for Teaching International Relations, a non-profit dedicated to inspiring tomorrow’s global leaders by providing specific global education to middle and high school students.
CLOSE
Nichole Tautz, Vice Chair
Denver, CO
Public Relations/Philanthropist
A former MOPS leader, Nichole Tautz, is the co-owner of Tecra Tools, Inc., in Denver, Colorado, and has worked alongside her husband for over twenty-five years. She has also been a Bible Study leader, event planner and deeply involved in philanthropic events in her community including; Denver LYFT, MOPS International, JDRF, Project Cure and Mile High Academy, serving four years on the school board and leading development projects. Nichole has served as an administrator and clinic trainer for international, medical missions and is currently serving on the prayer ministry at her church, Newday Christian. A passionate connector, she has traveled to twenty-three countries and encourages organizations that each person has something to offer the Kingdom of God.
CLOSE
John Shunk, J.D.
Denver, CO
Attorney
John is an equity partner at Messner Reeves LLP in Denver, having practiced law in Colorado since 1992. His focus of practice is in the full spectrum of labor and employment issues, focusing on compliance and claims prevention. He has broad experience in a variety of compliance, risk avoidance, and adversarial matters, including strategic policy and process development, investigations and audits, commercial litigation, and commercial transactions. Prior to his civilian law experience at another Denver-area law firm, John served several years in the elite group of Circuit Defense Counsel in the United States Air Force, where he earned the Air Force Commendation Medal with Two Oak Leaf Clusters. John has served on the board of directors for Goodwill Industries of Denver, and the vestry board of his home church in Golden, Colorado. John earned his Juris Doctorate at the University of Nebraska.
CLOSE
Catherine Penshorn, M.Ed., Chair
San Antonio, TX
Women’s Ministries
Cathy has been a lay leader in women’s and children’s ministries for over 30 years. She has held many roles within MOPS, including local coordinator, speaker, mentor mom, author and MomCon presenter. She facilitated the development of the original version of Bible Basics 101 for MOPS in 2002 and the update in 2014. Her writing and event management experience from her career in public relations and her training in education administration provides a foundation for her ongoing participation in various community leadership roles.
CLOSE
Organizational Commitments
Organizational Commitments
100% Commitment Culture: We keep our commitments and work with integrity.
Problem Solvers: If we see a problem, we bring a solution.
Prayerful: We commit our work to God and believe in the power of prayer.
Urgency and Excellence: We remember what is at stake, acknowledge that the details matter, and are never co-conspirators in mediocrity.
Show up Prepared and Ready to Participate: We acknowledge that maximum value= maximum participation. Therefore we show up on time to meetings, refrain from side conversations and embrace working hard and playing hard. We also show up to MOPS groups so we have firsthand knowledge of how our work is utilized.
Own Our Work: We take responsibility for our work and don’t make excuses.
Faith Over Fear: We choose uncharted territory in order to talk about Jesus to people who might not otherwise hear. This requires risk taking, boldness and operating from abundance rather than scarcity.
Communicate With Expectation: We don’t gossip. We believe hard conversations make us better. We believe in one another and our first instinct is assuming the best.
We Have Fun and Don’t Take Ourselves too Seriously.
Live in Tension: We hold space to live in between and bounce back quickly when we make mistakes individually or organizationally.
Collaborative Learners: We are curious learners who help each other accomplish things that we didn’t know were possible. We are more committed to curiosity than being right.
CLOSE
Employment Benefits
Employment Benefits
For employees who work 30 hours per week or more, MOPS offers medical, dental and vision insurance for you and your dependents, along with a FSA (flexible spending account). MOPS covers the cost of short-term disability insurance for all employees who work 24 hours per week or more, and has a generous retirement plan for all employees who work 20 hours per week or more. We are a family friendly organization who strongly encourages a work/life balance and generously offers every employee three weeks of PTO (paid time off), in addition to 12 holidays throughout the year. We encourage your faith journey by praying together as a staff weekly, and offer one paid Spiritual Retreat Day a year.
CLOSE
We Are…
We Are …
Jesus Followers: We are compelled by the movement of Jesus Christ and invite others to explore their own faith journey toward him. John 14:6
Kingdom Enthusiasts: We believe in God’s redemptive work in the world which encourages us to be playful in spirit, generous at heart and faith-filled in confession. Matthew 6:33
Advocates: We are passionate proponents for the value of motherhood and the influence of women. Proverbs 31:8-9
Expansive: Every mom has a place with us. We uphold a boldness of inclusion because we know there is room for a vast collage of women who thirst for Jesus. Revelation 22:17
Known by What We Are For: We look to Jesus’ footsteps for how to walk through the world, which allows us to be radically gracious in expression and association. Matthew 22:36-40
Multilingual: We lead communication of a timeless message to a culture of many voices, dialects and backgrounds. 1 Corinthians 9:22
Sisterhood Cultivators: We build circles of women who love each other like family, because we believe in the transformative potential of relationships and mentoring. Hebrews 10:25
CLOSE
Sherri Crandall, Vice President of Global Ministries and Leadership Experience
Sherri Crandall is the Vice President of Global Ministries and Leadership Experience. Prior to being on staff with MOPS, she was the Director of Women’s Ministry at Mission Hills Church in Denver, Colorado for 10 years. She has also been a MOPS volunteer for the past 23 years.
Sherri is also a blogger and speaker for women’s events across the country and internationally, encouraging women to live life to the fullest. She loves to garden, read historical fiction, play tennis and most of all hang out with her family and friends, especially in the Rocky Mountains.
Sherri lives in Highlands Ranch, Colorado with her husband, Rusty, their four kids and two dogs.
CLOSE
Deidre Hamilton
Deidre Hamilton, Director of Development
Deidre Hamilton is the Director of Development and is passionate about stewarding donor generosity to enrich and empower moms around the world. She has worked in nonprofit programming and development over the past 10 years and holds a master’s degree from the University of Denver in Philanthropic Leadership and Nonprofit Management and a bachelor’s degree from the University of Montana.
Outside of work, Deidre’s perfect day involves running on a trail, drinking a latte with her husband, and playing hide-and-seek with her son.
CLOSE
MOMcon Teaser Video
CLOSE
Theme Video Promo
CLOSE
Amena Brown
Amena Brown
As a poet, speaker, journalist, and event host, Amena Brown’s words excite, ignite and inspire. Whether in front of audiences as intimate as 50 or as sprawling as 20,000, she has something to say that matters. Amena’s debut book release, Breaking Old Rhythms: Answering the Call of a Creative God, explores how experiences such as deejaying, learning to dance, having a broken heart, and practicing the rules of improv can teach us about our life’s rhythm and how we can better tune our ears and lives to the rhythm of God. As a part of a generation that is searching for the real and the genuine in an age of constant carbon copy, this nonconformist lends her voice to finding inspiration, truth, and purpose and encourages those she encounters to do the same.
CLOSE