https://www.chsfl.org/privacy-policy/
Your browser is out-of-date!Update your browser to view this website correctly. You are running Version Updating your browser is more secure and is free! Update Internet Explorer You are running Version Updating your browser is more secure and is free! Update Firefox You are running Version Updating your browser is more secure and is free! Update Chrome You are running Version Updating your browser is more secure and is free! Update Safari Thanks- Management×Privacy PolicyNotification of ChangesIf we change our privacy policy, we will post the revised statement on our website at https://www.chsfl.org/privacy so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email, provided that users have provided their email address to us through the website. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. If you feel that we are not abiding by the posted privacy statement, please contact Children’s Home Society of Florida by email.Children’s Home Society of Florida does not sell or rent user or donor information to anyone. This policy applies to all information received by CHS, both online and offline, as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications. We will notify you at the time of data collection or transfer if your data will be shared with a third party and you will always have the option of not permitting the transfer. If you do not wish to allow your data to be shared, you can choose not to use a particular service or not to participate in certain promotions, campaigns or contests.What personally identifiable information is collected?Children’s Home Society of Florida collects information in several ways from different parts of our network of websites.  Some personal information is gathered when you register. During registration, Children’s Home Society of Florida asks for your email address, birth date, gender, zip code and other personal information. The more information you volunteer (and the more accurate it is), the better we are able to customize your experience. Once you register, you are no longer anonymous to Children’s Home Society of Florida – you are given a Children’s Home Society of Florida username and are able to take full advantage of Children’s Home Society of Florida ‘s personalized features. In addition to registration, we may ask you for personal information at other times, including (but not limited to) when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by Children’s Home Society of Florida and/or our many partners, when you submit a link for Web content, when you create a personal profile, and when you report a problem with one of our sites or services. If you contact Children’s Home Society of Florida, we may keep a record of that correspondence. Children’s Home Society of Florida also occasionally asks users to complete surveys we use for research purposes. Wherever Children’s Home Society of Florida collects personal information, we make an effort to include a link to this privacy statement. What are cookies and how are they used?As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, Children’s Home Society of Florida uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. All features on Children’s Home Society of Florida’s website that prompt you to log in or are customizable require that you accept cookies. (See ‘What are your choices regarding collection, use and distribution of information?’ for more information on cookies.)Generally, we use cookies to: (1) Remind us who you are and to access your account information (stored on our computers) in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service. This cookie is set when you register or log in and is modified when you log out of our online services. Children’s Home Society of Florida also uses cookies to store your most recent visit date to indicate what content is new to you. (2) Estimate our audience size. Each browser accessing Children’s Home Society of Florida is given a unique cookie, which is then used to determine the extent of repeat usage and usage by a registered user versus by an unregistered user. (3) Track your progress and number of entries in some of our promotions, drawings and events. When a Children’s Home Society of Florida -hosted promotion uses cookies, the information written to the cookie indicates the individual’s progress through the promotion and may be used to track entries, submissions and status in prize drawings. (4) Measure certain traffic patterns, which areas of Children’s Home Society of Florida’s network of websites you have visited, and your visiting patterns in the aggregate. We use this research to understand how our users’ habits are similar or different from one another so we can make each new experience on Children’s Home Society of Florida a better one. We may use this information to better personalize the content, banners and promotions you and other users will see on our sites. Children’s Home Society of Florida also collects IP addresses for system administration and to report aggregate information to our partners.Some of our partners use cookies on our site. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. How is your information used?Children’s Home Society of Florida’s primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience on our site. This includes personalization services, interactive communications and many other types of services, which are completely free to you. Our partners do not have access to individual account information. Only Children’s Home Society of Florida has access to individuals’ accounts. You will only receive special offers and communication updates via email from Children’s Home Society of Florida if you have indicated in your account preferences that you would like to receive them. When you register with Children’s Home Society of Florida’s online community, you are granting permission to Children’s Home Society of Florida to communicate with you via email. You can change your account preferences at any time. Children’s Home Society of Florida performs research on our users’ demographics, interests and behavior based on the information provided to us upon registration, during a promotion, from our server log files or from surveys. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. Children’s Home Society of Florida may share this aggregated data with advertisers or business partners. This data will never be provided in any fashion that could be connected with you as an individual.Who is collecting your information?When you are on a Children’s Home Society of Florida site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Children’s Home Society of Florida alone, unless it is specifically stated otherwise. For example, some Children’s Home Society of Florida services are offered in conjunction with a partner company. In order to provide this co-branded service to you, it is necessary for us to share your personal information with our partner company. If data is being collected and/or maintained by any company other than Children’s Home Society of Florida, you will be notified prior to the time of the data collection or transfer. If you do not want your data to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service. Promotions, campaigns or services that run on Children’s Home Society of Florida’s website may be sponsored by companies other than Children’s Home Society of Florida or may be co-sponsored by Children’s Home Society of Florida and another company. Some or all data collected during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor or partner organization. If data will be shared, you will be notified prior to the time of data collection or transfer. You can decide not to participate in the promotion, campaign or service if you don’t want your data to be shared. Currently, most Children’s Home Society of Florida promotions, campaigns and services are limited to U.S. or North American residents. Please be aware that Children’s Home Society of Florida Internet access partners, sponsors, and websites that have links on our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. This privacy statement does not cover the information practices of those Internet access partners, sponsors, and websites linked to Children’s Home Society of Florida. With whom will your information may be shared?As a general rule, Children’s Home Society of Florida will not disclose personally identifiable information except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described below. Please see the Use Agreement for more detailed information about how your personal information may be shared. The following describes some of the ways that your information may be disclosed. Business Partners & Sponsors: Children’s Home Society of Florida may disclose your personal information to business partners or sponsors, but this is specifically described to you prior to data collection or prior to transferring the data. Details of shared use can be found in specific Terms of Service or Use Agreements, and event, campaign and promotions rules. Some or all data collected during a Children’s Home Society of Florida promotion, event or campaign may be shared with a sponsor. If personally identifying data about you will be shared, we will tell you before we collect or transfer the data.  If you do not want your data to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service. Many promotions, events or campaigns offer opportunities to request additional information from sponsors. By requesting more information, you give Children’s Home Society of Florida permission to transfer your personal information to the sponsor so it can fulfill your request. In many instances, only your email address will be shared. If more information will be shared with the sponsor, you will be notified prior to the transfer. From time to time, you may be offered the opportunity to receive materials or special offers from third parties. If you opt in to receive information from these third parties, Children’s Home Society of Florida will (with your permission) share your name and email address with them. Third-party data and data in the aggregate: Under confidentiality agreements, Children’s Home Society of Florida may match user information with third party data. Also, Children’s Home Society of Florida discloses aggregated user statistics (for example, 45 percent of our users are female) in order to describe our services to current and prospective partners, sponsors and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. Market research data in the aggregate: Children’s Home Society of Florida may sell aggregated user statistics to third parties (for example, males aged 13 to 25 currently rate their interest in your product as “7.3X”). This data will never be provided in any fashion that could be connected with you as an individual. Other: Children’s Home Society of Florida may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating Children’s Home Society of Florida ‘s Terms of Service or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Children’s Home Society of Florida’s rights or property, other Children’s Home Society of Florida website users or staff or clients, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. Children’s Home Society of Florida may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes we deem necessary to maintain, service and improve our products and services. What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?Children’s Home Society of Florida may, from time to time, send you email regarding our products and services. In addition, if you indicated upon registration that you are interested in receiving offers or information from Children’s Home Society of Florida and our partners, we may occasionally send you direct mail about products, services and opportunities we feel may be of interest to you. Only Children’s Home Society of Florida (or agents working on behalf of Children’s Home Society of Florida and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these direct mailings and only if you have not opted out of these mailings. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply tell us when you give us your personal information. Or, at any time you can easily edit your Children’s Home Society of Florida Account Information to no longer receive such offers and mailings. You will need your Children’s Home Society of Florida username and Password to access your Children’s Home Society of Florida Account Information. You may also email info@chsfl.org if you would like your name removed from mailing lists.On some types of Children’s Home Society of Florida campaigns or promotions, we will ask for your email address in order to provide relevant updates. When you participate in these types of promotions, you automatically receive promotion-related email, unless you choose the no-email option some promotions offer. Occasionally, these promotion-related email messages may include targeted advertisements. You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies, you will be unable to use any of the personalization and communication features that require registration in order to participate. You can still use Children’s Home Society of Florida’s content links even if you do not accept cookies.Don’t miss out!Share your email to be the first to know all the good happening in your community.
Because, together, good can be done.Early Childhood ProgramsCounselingCommunity Partnership SchoolsFoster Care & AdoptionServices & SolutionsContactMediaDrive the mission homeAffiliationsFinancialsHIPAA/ADASolicitation RegistrationPrivacy PolicyCareersClient Satisfaction SurveysInstagramFacebookTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube© 2020 Children’s Home Society of Florida.All Rights Reserved.