https://www.helpiammoving.com/Privacy_and_Cookies.php
Deprecated:
mysql_connect(): The mysql extension is deprecated and will be removed in the future: use mysqli or PDO instead in /home/helpiammocom/public_html/db.php on line 3
Privacy and Cookie policy.
Home / Privacy and Cookie policy.
Privacy policy and Use of Cookies
Cookies and your rights?
On 26 May 2012, the amended Privacy and Electronic Communications regulation comes into force in the UK and EU. The Cookie Law requires websites to obtain informed consent from visitors before they can store or retrieve any information on a computer or any other web connected device that is not essential to the running of the website.
With this in mind we have put together some information about Cookies and how they are used on our website.
What are Cookies?
A cookie is a small file with information that a website puts on your hard disk. This is usually in order to remember something about you at a later time. Cookies can store lots of information which can have privacy implications, some cookies will record your preferences and are commonly used to rotate banner adverts, so the user receives different adverts based on previous website activity.
Cookies can be persistent or sessional. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or other web enabled device until they expire, some time in the future. These are still available when you re visit a website. Sessional cookies are deleted as soon as you leave the current website (end the current session).
We feel that the cookies our website uses are not intrusive in anyway, however we will let you judge for yourself with a list below of all the cookies that our site uses.
Cookies that we use
Cookie Name
Purpose of Cookie
Persistent or Session
__utm* family
Google Analytics Tracking cookies
These cookies are used by google analytics to track visitors anonymously
Persistent
PHPSESSID
Helpiammoving Session Cookie
This cookie is used to keep the information on whether you are logged in or not. This is essential to enable the website to work correctly for registered users.
Session - expires after visit, unless agreed to stay active for 10 days maximum.
In addition to the cookies above we do have a facebook like button, Google plus one like button and the addthis selection of buttons and bookmarks which may also add  cookies to enable them to track likes and recomendations.
Privacy Policy
Data protection and privacy Information
We DO NOT sell, rent, loan or pass on your personal details to any third parties unless a quote request form is filled out and your express permission is given to send you details to the chosen 3rd party.
Contact forms / Quote Request Forms
All information supplied to Helpiammoving.com on a quote request form or contact form will be passed onto the requested partners only. This information is not sold, rented, loaned or given to any other parties.
© Helpiammoving.com Ltd 2020 All Rights Reserved
Top Posts
How to choose a removal companyTop tips on choosing your moving company in . A quick guide on Removal companies and what to look for.Avoid Moving NghtmaresHow to avoid these moving nightmares when moving in
and what to look for.Top Moving House TipsThe best moving house tips, to help you move house in , quickly and stress free.
Top Moving House Tips
#1 Don’t move on a Friday.Even though the weekend gives you time to settle in to your new pad, in reality it is the worst day of the week to move house. see more moving tips...
Packing Boxes
Moving, Packing Boxes for moving house, Bubble wrap and tape.
If you cannot find your town have a look at the towns and cities that we have help people move house in recently.Moving house in the UK
toggle navigation
Home
Moving House Advice
Moving home advice
Downsizing
Packing Up
Buying Boxes
Choosing a Removal Company
Top Moving Tips
Moving into store or storage
Self storage advice
Mobile Self storage advice
Green Eco Moving
Mini and student moves
Moving yourself - diy moves
Moving your plants
Decluttering
Skip Hire
Change your address
Moving with Children
Moving when pregnant
Moving with children
Childrens Scrapbook
Job Badges
Pictures / Puzzles
Top Tips (kids)
Moving home cards
Books / Links
Moving Pets
Moving with Dogs
Moving home with cats
Moving your Fish
Faqs
Moving associations and trade bodies
Moving FAQs
Useful Contacts
Be on T.V.
Moving House TV
Moving House Guides
Home Guides
Tips on selling your home
Conveyancing
Moving Guides
Moving Home Guides
Moving House in 60 seconds.
Moving yourself, DIY moves
Guide to packing boxes
Moving Articles
Printable docs
Countdown - pdf
Moving plants - pdf
Moving Day Contacts - pdf
Moving HomeChecklists
Move Checklists
4-2 weeks to move
1 week before move
3 Days to move day
2 Days before move
1 Day to moving day
Moving Day (Loading)
Moving Day (Unloading)
Find Moving companies
Packing Boxes
Helpiammoving.com® Ltd cannot be held responsible for any errors or omissions upon this website, if you see something that you feel is incorrect or out of date please contact us and we will do our best to rectify any issues brought to our attention.
UK Free Moving/Removals Quotes | Take Down Policy |
Privacy Policy & Cookies | Terms & Conditions
Operated by Helpiammoving.com® "helping you move home"
-
Helpiammoving.com Ltd is registered in England & Wales. Helpiammoving.com® is part of Helpineed®
© 2000-2020 All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission from Helpiammoving.com® is prohibited. Helpiammoving.com® Ltd shall not be liable for any loss or damage including loss of profits or any other consequential loss arising directly or indirectly from the use or reliance on information provided or from any product supplied or errors or deficiencies in the web site whether caused by negligence or otherwise.
Helpiammoving.com®
© 2000-2020