http://www.mothers35plus.co.uk/privacy.htm
Home
About
Mothers 35 Plus
Older
mothers: facts, figures
Health & fertility
Getting
pregnant over 35
Fertility
products
What
about older fathers?
Pregnant over 35?
Tests
in pregnancy
Intro
to non-routine tests
Screening
tests
Diagnostic
tests
Contact
other older mums
Other resources
Losing a baby
Miscarriage
Stillbirth
Neonatal
death
Useful
resources
Further
reading
Motherhood
Fertility/infertility
Pregnancy
Breastfeeding
Losing a baby
General parenting
Fatherhood
Children's booksBestsellers
Rare books /other books
SHOP
For children / learning
Stories
from real life
Forums:
meet other mothers
Other resources
In
the news
Placenta
recipes!
Testimonials
Press
Contact
Mothers 35 PlusSubmit your siteSitemap
MOTHERS 35 PLUS
JOIN M35+ FORUMSGO >>
Conception and Pregnancy Over 35: Expert Advice for Every Stage, from Planning a Baby to Giving Birth by Laura GoetzlMore >>
The Essential Over 35 Pregnancy Guide : Everything You Need to Know About Becoming a Mother Later in Life
by Rose Lavin
More >>
Your privacy
Mothers 35 Plus respects the privacy rights of all visitors to this site. By using this website, you signify that you consent to Mothers 35 Plus' Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not provide any information that will identify you personally to us, or do not use this website.
Collection of information
Mothers 35 Plus does not require that visitors reveal any personally
identifying information in order to access this website. Although information
may occasionally be required, we ask you to provide this on a purely voluntary
basis only. Such information will not be divulged to third parties unless
you choose. You will always have the right to unsubscribe
from any mailing lists we may maintain.
Mothers 35 Plus cannot be held responsible for any content appearing on sites linked to or from Mothers 35 Plus, or for any personal information gathered at such sites.
Mothers 35 Plus reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time.
ePrivacy
Mothers 35 Plus respects the privacy rights of all visitors to this site.
By using this website, you signify that you consent to our online Privacy
Policy. If you do not agree with this, please do not provide any information
that will identify you personally to us, or do not use this website.
Collection of information by Mothers 35 Plus
M35 Design does not require that visitors reveal any personally
identifying information in order to access this website. Although information
may occasionally be required, we ask you to provide this on a purely voluntary
basis only. Such information will not be divulged to third parties unless
you choose.
M35 Design cannot be held responsible for any content appearing
on sites linked to or from Mothers 35 Plus, or for any personal information
gathered at such sites.
Mothers 35 Plus reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.
This page was last updated on 1st June 2012.
Cookie Legislation UK
Use of ‘cookies’ by Mothers 35 Plus
All web servers track basic information about visitors to their site,
and the majority of websites and web applications need ‘cookies’ to
function.
A cookie is a little text file composed of alphanumeric characters, created
when your browser accesses a website that uses cookies. The resulting
data is stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Cookie  information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses,
browser details, timestamps and referring pages. The information gleaned
cannot personally identify specific visitors to a site, and uses tracking
for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
Cookies help your browser to navigate a website; also enable you to use
all a site’s features like logins, preferences, online shopping,
language settings and themes, amongst other common features. Cookies are
solely used to help your browser process a website, and don’t collect
information from your computer, or snoop on your files.
Where necessary, Mothers 35 Plus uses cookies to store information about
visitor preferences and history in order to better serve them and/or present
the visitor with customised content.
Any advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies,
scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to Mothers 35 Plus in order
to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking
is done directly by the 3rd parties through their own servers and is subject
to their own privacy policies. Mothers 35 Plus does not control the dissemination
of these cookies and you should check such third party websites for more
information about these.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser
which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select
this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site, our
forums in particular. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so
that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you visit
our site.
Cookies set by Mothers 35 Plus or third party websites
Provider
Name
Purpose
Essential to operation of site?
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors
use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help
us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous
form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have
come to the site from and the pages they visited.
More information
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
No
Our forums
bbsessionhash
bblastvisit
bblastactivity
bbuserid
bbpassword
bbforum_view
bbthread_lastview
These cookies are essential to allow our forums to function properly. Without
these, you will not be able to login, post, read posts etc.
Yes
YouTube cookies
There may be YouTube videos embedded in our website using YouTube’s
privacy-enhanced mode. This may set cookies on your computer once you click
on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable
cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced
mode. For more information please visit YouTube’s
information page.
Google Advertising & Google Analytics
Advertisements served by Google Inc., and affiliated companies may be controlled
using cookies. These cookies allow Google to display advertisements based
on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google advertising
services.
Mothers 35 Plus uses Google Analytics for visitor statistical purposes, which
requires cookies to function properly. Google Analytics is probably the
most popular free website analytics package, and is used in around 57% of
the 10,000 most popular websites, including the New York Times, Washington
Post and Twitter. As above, the data Google Analytics collects about you
is anonymous and cannot identify you, or snoop on personal information or
files.
Any tracking done by Google through cookies etc. is subject to Google’s
own privacy policies (see table above).
You can find out more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Linking to another site from the Mothers 35 Plus website
Our website may contain links to 3rd party websites. Mothers 35 Plus is not
responsible for the privacy practices within any of these other sites. You
should be aware of this when you leave our website and we encourage you
to read the privacy statements on other websites you visit.
Learn
how to enable and disable cookies on your computer
Home | About M35+ | Facts & figures | Health & fertility - pregnancy over 35
| Fertility products
|
Older fathers | Tests in pregnancy | Losing a baby: miscarriage,
stillbirth, neonatal
death | Books | Real life stories | M35+ forums | Links | In the news | Placenta recipes! | Testimonials | Press | Contact M35+
| Submit Your Site | Sitemap
| Disclaimer
| Privacy
Copyright© 1998 - 2015 Mothers 35 Plus. All Rights Reserved.