http://www.trinitycredit.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Trinity is committed to respecting the individual privacy of our clients. In accordance with federal regulations for financial institutions, you are being notified of how we may use information about you and your account.
Your right to privacy is very important to us. We recognize that providing us with personal information is an act of trust. Therefore, we have created a privacy policy to protect your personal information. This policy covers websites owned or operated by Trinity Credit Counseling. We encourage you to take the time to read this privacy policy and those of any websites you visit.
We obtain non-public personal information about you from the following sources:
Information that we received from you, such as information on applications or other forms, which may include your name, address, social security number, account numbers, income and assets.
Information about your transactions with us and creditors that are on our debt management plan, such as your payment history and account balances.
We may share non-public information about you with the following types of non-affiliated third parties:
Financial Institutions which you have included on your debt management plan with Trinity, such as finance companies, credit card issuers, collection agencies and debt collectors.
Financial brokers that have submitted your information to Trinity.
Non-affiliated firms that conduct mailing services on our behalf to provide you with services that we believe may meet your financial needs.
We may share all of the information we collect as described above. We may also share non-public personal information about you with non-affiliated third parties as permitted by law.
We may share the same kinds of information as described above about our former clients with the same types of third parties as described above. We may also share non-public personal information about former clients with non-affiliated third parties as permitted by law.
We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to our employees, agents and subcontractors who need this information to provide services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your non-public personal information.
Personal Information Collected
There are occasions when we will ask you to provide personal information. We do this to better understand and respond to your needs and provide you with services that may be valuable to you. Providing this information is of course completely voluntary on your part.
Use of Information
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with any third party without your advance written permission or unless ordered to do so by a court of law. Information submitted to us is available only to employees who manage this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you e-mails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services that relate to our communications with you.
Your IP Address and Referring Site Information
In order to protect our site from abuse and in our efforts to constantly increase the visibility of our site, your IP address and referring site may be logged to a file. This information is for internal use only and all such logs are deleted on a regular basis.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies as a means of identifying referral sources and improving our efficiency with outreach efforts. This information is for internal use only.
Choice/Unsolicited Contact Opt-Out
We do not send any unsolicited information whatsoever. We will never use your personal information for such purposes. If in the future, we decide to distribute additional information, the contact lists for such distribution will always default to an “opt-out” position. In other words, if you want information from us you will have to request it. You will never receive information from us that you did not specifically request.
Links to Third Party Sites
From time to time, we may provide links to other websites. These links are provided for informational purposes only and do not constitute an endorsement of outside organizations. Since we do not control those websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these other sites.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website or any of our services, please call (800) 793-9049.