http://www.rosetto.com/about_us/privacy.php
Careers
Contact Us
Find Rosetto
Privacy Policy
The Hain Celestial Group has a firm commitment to protecting your privacy. Any information we gather is used to enhance your experience, and to serve you better. We will not share, rent or sell any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. We have built our system to keep your data safe and confidential.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information on what page consumers visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review. We use this information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze site usage, improve our content and product offerings, notify consumers about updates to our site, and with permission, communicate with our consumers for marketing purposes.
We may collect demographic and profile data as you surf through our site. If we do, we will use it to tailor your experience, showing you content that we think you might be interested in, and displaying the content according to your preferences.
We include links to other sites to improve your web site experience and to help you stay informed. The Hain Celestial Group is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these sites.
Removing yourself from our e-mail list
You can choose not to receive communications from The Hain Celestial Group. Look for our check box on our "Contact Us" page and other pages where we ask for information. If you agree to receive communications but later change your mind, please feel free to contact the webmaster. The communications you receive if you choose to stay on our list can include coupons, special offers, new product news, or promotional mailings.
Changing/Modifying Your Information
You can change and modify information previously provided by
sending an e-mail to the webmaster.
Privacy Policy