http://www.vinylreplacementwindows.org/privacy-policy.html
The Vinyl Replacement Windows Buyer's Guide
HOME
| BUYER'S
GUIDE | REBATES
AND TAX CREDITS | MANUFACTURERS
| PHOTOS
| REQUEST
A QUOTE | RESOURCES
SITE SEARCH:
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors to VinylReplacementWindows.org
is important to us. We recognize that privacy of your personal information
is important. Here is information on what types of personal information
we receive and collect when you use and visit VinylReplacementWindows.org,
and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal
information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other web sites, we collect and
use the data contained in log files. The information in the log
files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your internet
service provider, the browser you used to visit our site (such as
Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and
which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information,
such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This
could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the
ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on VinylReplacementWindows.org
to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology
such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site,
which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the
Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your
ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases,
whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting
purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York,
for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited
(such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can opt-out of some, but not all, of these cookies in one location
at the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out web site at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
DoubleClick DART Cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving
through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your
computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick
advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This
cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (“interest
based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on
your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing
sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements
when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey).
DART uses “non personally identifiable information”.
It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name,
email address, physical address, telephone number, social security
numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out
of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off
our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or
by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.
However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site
as well as other web sites. This could include the inability to
login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently
opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that
disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements,
a new cookie will be added.
Quote Request Form
The quote request form requires you to give us
contact information (like your name, email, and postal address).
All information provided on the quote request form will be used
solely for the purpose of furnishing you with a customized quote.
At no time, will we supply your name or information relating to
you to any third parties other than authorized window professionals.
We will never sell, rent, lease or otherwise disclose your information
(including your email address) for any other purpose.
AdSense Privacy Policy
Provided by JenSense.
Buyer's Guide Contents
Why
Vinyl Windows
New
Construction vs. Retrofit Windows
Getting
Estimates
Vinyl
Window Features
Exterior
Appearance
Energy
Efficiency Ratings
Building
Codes, Permits and Fire Codes
Installation
Process
Life
with Our New Vinyl Windows
Window Rebates & Credits
2011
Federal Tax Credit
Atlanta,
GA Rebate
Georgia
Power Rebate
Long
Beach, CA Rebate
Virginia
State Rebate
MORE...
Window Manufacturers
Andersen
Pella
Milgard
Before and After Photos
Vinyl Windows
Vinyl
Patio Doors
© Copyright
2020
VinylReplacementWindows.org. All Rights Reserved.
Need a new roof? Visit our
sister site: RoofingHelper.com.
Contact
Us • Privacy Policy