http://www.beefitswhatsfordinner.com/about-us-and-site-policies
About Us and Site Policies
Recipes
Cooking
Cuts
Nutrition
Raising Beef
Newsroom
Beef - It's What's For Dinner
Toggle navigation
Search Recipes Only >
Toggle search
Recipes
Cooking
Cuts
Nutrition
Raising Beef
Newsroom
Home
About us and site policies
About UsThe Beef. It's What's For Dinner. brand including BeefItsWhatsForDinner.com, Beef So Simple e-newsletter, Facebook Page, Instagram handle, Twitter handle, YouTube channel, and Pinterest page are funded by the Beef Checkoff.You may also be looking for recipe inspiration for one of our sister proteins, veal and if you are, you can visit the VealMadeEasy.com website or check out our article on cooking veal.Beef. It's What's For Dinner. celebrated its 25th birthday in 2017 and promotes the purchasing, preparation and enjoyment of all things beef from the pasture to the plate.What's the Beef Checkoff? The Beef Checkoff was established as part of the 1985 Farm Bill. It's a national marketing and research program funded by America's cattle farmers and ranchers.  Who directs the Beef Checkoff?  Cattle farmers, rancher and importers direct the national checkoff program, which uses funds toward research and promotion efforts designed to increase domestic and/or international demand for beef. The Cattlemen's Beef Board and USDA oversee the collection and spending of these beef checkoff funds.What's the National Cattlemen's Beef Association? The National Cattlemen's Beef Association (NCBA) is a contractor of the Beef Checkoff and manages research and promotion programs on behalf of America's farmers and ranchers with oversight from the Cattlemen's Beef Board and USDA. One of the checkoff programs NCBA manages is the "Beef. It's What's For Dinner." brand.
Checkoff Site PolicyInternal links within this website are funded and maintained by the Beef Checkoff. All other outgoing links are to websites maintained by third parties. As such, neither the Beef Checkoff nor the National Cattlemen's Beef Association (NCBA) is responsible for the quality, safety, completeness, accuracy or nature of the content. Links to third party websites should not be considered an endorsement by the Beef Checkoff or NCBA of the actual website or the company that owns/manages that website.
Privacy PolicyPlease note that we will respect your privacy and will never share your personal information without your permission.We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, aggregate information and user-specific information on which pages visitors access or visit, and information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information, email newsletter subscriptions, and/or website registrations.The information we collect is used for internal review and then may be discarded, used to improve the content of our website, or used by us to contact visitors for marketing or survey purposes.Please note:With your permission, occasionally we make the email addresses of those who access our website available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your email address with other companies or organizations, please let us know.Upon request, we provide website visitors with access to all information (including proprietary information) that we maintain about them. Visitors can access, and if desired, correct this information by contacting us.
CancellationIf you do not want to receive e-mail communication from us in the future, please let us know.
CookiesWe use a variety of cookies on our site to help us collect anonymous information about our websites behaviors, demographics and interests. If you would like to learn more about cookies, or how to control or delete them, then please visit www.aboutcookies.org. This privacy policy is based on “implied consent” which presumes you agree with this policy by your use of this site.  If you do not consent, then you should either delete the cookies from this site and browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.), or not use this site.The list below describe the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for.First Party CookiesFirst-party cookies are set directly by this website.  These include a cookie we use to store a visitor’s preferences on this site.  We do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.  Another cookie uses Google Analytics to anonymously collect information about what pages are visited, how long visitors are on the site, how they got here and what they clicked on.  These cookies are separate from each other and cannot be combined to personally identify you and your behavior.  We use this information to help us understand what information our visitors are looking for.  If you would like to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on.Third-Party CookiesThird-party cookies are provided by our external partners to provide services we use or services to our users. Cookies of this type that we use include surveys, advertising performance analytics, and sharing buttons across the site.  The sharing buttons allow visitors to share content on their social networks by using scripts from domains outside of our website.  If you’d like information on how to disable third-party companies tracking your web use, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.SecurityWe have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our website.Policy ChangesWe will occasionally update this privacy statement to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this statement or in how we will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification.If you feel that this website is not following its stated information policy, please contact us.
Foodservice
Foodservice
Foodservice Central
Menu Concepts & Diner Insights
Chef Spotlight
Retail
Retail
Retail Central
Sales Data & Shopper Insights
Chuck Knows Beef- AI Assistant
Training
Training
Beef University
Cut Charts
Cutting Videos
Cutting Guides
Yield Data
Resources
Resources
Wholesale Price Update
Newsletter for Food Professionals
Infographic Library
Beef Marketing Asset Library
Masters of Beef Advocacy
Monthly Recipe Newsletter
Contact Us
About Us and Site Policies
©2020 Cattlemen's Beef Board and National Cattlemen's Beef Association
Internal links within this website are funded and maintained by the Beef Checkoff. All other outgoing links are to websites maintained by third parties.
Read More | Sitemap
Back to top