http://www.organized-living.com/privacy
Privacy
Browse
Get Started
Buy Now
Inspiration
Bedrooms
Pantries
Kids Rooms
Garages
Office
More Rooms
Blog
Products
freedomRail
Select
Classica
freedomRail Garage
Professionals
I am a...
Builder
Multifamily Pro
Dealer
Contractor
Organizer
Architect
Buy Now
Get Started
Organized Living Privacy Policy
Scope Of This PolicyOrganized Living has provided this Policy so you will know what personal information Organized Living collects through this Site, how Organized Living uses this information, the types of third parties with whom Organized Living may share this information, and some of the choices that are available to you.This Policy may be supplemented or amended from time to time by additional privacy notices ("Privacy Notices"), provided at the time we collect your personal information. In other cases, specific Privacy Notices may be required to comply with the privacy laws of one of the countries, provinces, or states in which we do business.What is "Personal Information"?As used in this Policy, the term "personal information" means information that identifies you personally, alone or in combination with other information available to us.Your ConsentBy using this Site, you are consenting to the collection, use, disclosure, and transfer of your personal information as described in this Policy (and any Privacy Notices that apply to you). If you do not consent to the collection, use, disclosure, and transfer of your personal information as described in this Policy (and any Privacy Notices that apply to you), you may not use this Site. If you have questions about this or any Privacy Notice, please contact us via e-mail at privacy@OrganizedLiving.com.Your ChoicesWe respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use, and disclose your personal information. This Policy describes some of your choices. In most cases, however, we will ask you to indicate your choices at the time and on the page where you provide your personal information.This Privacy Policy May ChangeOrganized Living reserves the right to update or modify this Policy and any Privacy Notice, at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version of the Policy or Privacy Notice on this Site.Your use of this Site following any such change constitutes your agreement that all information collected from or about you after the revised Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Policy. You may access the current version of this Policy at any time by clicking on the link marked "Privacy" at the bottom of each page of the public areas of this Site.This Policy was last revised on August
and is effective as of that date.What Information Is Collected on this Site and How Is It Used?When you access and use this Site, there are three ways we may collect information about you:1. Information You Knowingly and Voluntarily Provide
Organized Living collects the personal information you knowingly and voluntarily provide when you use this Site, for example, the information you provide when you request an appointment, request literature or services, or e-mail us with questions or feedback.Organized Living uses the personal information you volunteer through this Site to provide the information and services you request and for any other purpose we identify to you in a specific Privacy Notice. For example, we use the information you provide when you request an appointment to make arrangements for a local Organized Living expert to contact you to discuss your project. The information you provide about yourself (for example, whether you are a homeowner or a builder) and your project helps us determine how to direct your inquiry. As another example, we use the information you provide when you request literature to send you information about the products that interest you.When we collect your contact information, we may ask you if you would like to receive news and special offers from us. If you indicate that you would like to receive our mailings, we will add your contact information to our mailing lists and, from time to time, we will send you newsletters or updates, special offers, or other information about programs, services, and products we believe would be of interest to you. In addition, if we provide promotional information or materials to you by email, we will include a link to our "opt-out" page in every email.Finally, we may remove the information that identifies specific individuals and study the balance of the information we collect through this Site to improve our programs and services, to improve the content, functionality, navigation and usability of this Site, to better understand the needs and interests of our customers and potential customers, and to better market our programs, services and products.2. Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser
Organized Living collects information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. This information typically includes the IP address of your Internet service provider, the name of your operating system (such as Windows® or Macintosh®), the name and version of your browser (such as Chrome® or Internet Explorer®), the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit. The information we receive depends on the settings on your web browser. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.This information may include information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual, including: name, title, company name, job function, expertise, postal address, telephone number, or email address. We may also collect other information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual such as browser and device information, information collected through cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies, and demographic information. Generally, we use this information to create statistics that help us improve our sites and make them more compatible with the technology used by our visitors. However, we may review our server logs for security purposes, for example, to detect intrusions into our network. The possibility therefore exists that, in the event of criminal malfeasance, we might share our server logs, which contain visitors IP addresses, with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify individuals.3. Information Collected By Placing a "Cookie" On Your Computer
Organized Living uses "cookies" to "tag" your computer when you visit our Site. A cookie is a small text file our Web server offers your browser. Our cookies contain a randomly generated, unique identification number that lets us identify your computer each time your visit our Site.We use these cookies to collect statistical information about the ways visitors use our site – which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page. We also use these cookies to collect anonymous demographic and interest information about our visitors. We analyze this information (known as "clickstream data") in statistical form to better understand our visitors’ interests and needs and to improve the content and functionality of our sites. Our web server recognizes the cookies on your hard drive each time you visit our Site. Because we recognize your computer, we do not count it twice. Also, we can use the number assigned to your computer to link the clickstream data we collect each time you visit our Site. This technology helps us determine how many visitors are using our site, how often they return, and how their use of our site may vary over time.These cookies do not identify you personally and we do not link "clickstream data" with any information that identifies you personally. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. You may also delete our cookies as soon as you leave our Site. Although you are not required to accept our cookies when you visit this Site, you may be unable to use all of the functionality of the Site if your browser rejects our cookies. If you do not wish us to collect demographic and interest information, please update your Google Ad Settings. To opt-out of other Google Analytics tracking, please visit Google Analytics available opt-outs. To opt-out of Facebook Pixel tracking on a desktop or laptop, please update your Facebook settings or visit the DAA Consumer Choice Page; for mobile browsing, please consult the directions for your device’s operating system on how to opt-out of interest-based advertising.Does Organized Living Share My Personal Data?Organized Living may share personal information collected through this Site with companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf, for example, companies that provide support services to us (such as data storage and web hosting services) or that help us market our products and services (such as third-party marketing companies). These third parties are required by contract to use the personal information we share with them only to perform services on our behalf and to treat your personal information as strictly confidential.In addition, Organized Living may share your personal information with our affiliates and distributors, who may use and disclose that personal information as we would to help us provide the products, services and information you request. For example, if you request an appointment, we will find the local Organized Living expert nearest you. That Organized Living expert may be a Organized Living employee or the employee of a Organized Living distributor. In either case, the Organized Living expert will use your personal information to follow-up with you as you requested. Our distributors are bound by contract to use the personal information they receive in relation to this Site only as permitted under this Privacy Policy, any applicable Privacy Notices, and applicable privacy laws. This means, among other things, that they may use your personal information only for the purposes for which that information was originally collected or to which you subsequently consent and must take reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.There are limited circumstances in which Organized Living may share or transfer the personal information in our databases to unrelated third parties. For example, we may provide personal information to a third party to comply with a court order or subpoena; to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to comply with a legal requirement; to protect the rights, property or safety of Organized Living, our users or others; to protect your vital interests; or in connection with a corporate sale, purchase, merger, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution or similar event. If your personal information is transferred to another company that has acquired Organized Living, one of its affiliates, one of its distributors, or one their databases, for example, as the result of a sale, merger or reorganization, the acquiring company’s use of your personal information will still be subject to this privacy policy and the privacy preferences you've expressed to us.How Does Organized Living Protect Personal Information?Organized Living takes reasonable precautions to provide a level of security appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information we collect. Although we use reasonable measures to help protect your personal information against unauthorized use or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of information provided over the Internet or stored in our databases and will not be responsible for breaches of security beyond our reasonable control.Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.What About Other Websites That May Be Linked to This Site?This Privacy Policy applies only to this Site. Organized Living, its affiliates and its distributors operate many different websites for different purposes and in different countries where different laws may apply. If you visit another Organized Living website, please take a moment to review the privacy policy posted on that site to learn what personal information may be collected through that site and how it is processed.This Site may also contain links to websites that are not operated by Organized Living. These links are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the products sold or information provided through these websites, nor any association with their operators. Organized Living does not control these websites and is not responsible for their data practices. Any information you provide to third parties on their websites is covered under their privacy and data collection policies and is not covered by this Privacy Policy. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal information.We also obtain information from third parties. For example, we collect and obtain information: From social media platforms and networks that you use in connection with our website, or that share or allow you to share information with us, such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Instagram. For example, if you use functionalities, plugins, widgets, or tools from social media platforms or networks in connection with our website or mobile application (e.g., to log into an account, or to share inspiration, finds, purchases, and other content with your friends and followers on social media), we will collect the information that you share with us, or that those social media platforms or networks share with us. For more information about social media platform and network privacy practices, please review the privacy policies and settings of the social media platforms and networks that you use.Access to Personal InformationIf you would like to review, correct and update the personal information you have provided to us through this Site, please contact us by email at privacy@OrganizedLiving.com. We will respond to your request within the time limit set out by the applicable privacy legislation. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request as required by applicable law.Retention of Personal InformationOrganized Living retains the personal information collected on this Site as long as necessary to provide the services, products and information you request or as permitted by applicable law.This Site Is Hosted on Servers Located in the United States.Organized Living is a United States corporation. The servers that support this Site are located in the United States. While it is in our possession, your personal information will generally be stored in Organized Living databases or databases maintained by our third-party service providers on servers and data storage devices located in the United States. United States data protection laws may not provide as much protection as the data protection laws in force in some other countries, however, we will process your personal information in accordance with this Policy no matter where our data is stored. If you are located in a country outside the United States, by using this Site you consent to the transfer of your personal information to the United States.Governing LawThis Policy shall be governed under the laws of the State of Ohio, United States of America without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.Children's Personal InformationWe do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old. Our website is not intended for minors under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly or specifically collect information about minors under the age of 13.
If you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected such information, please notify us at privacy@OrganizedLiving.com so that we may delete the information from our servers.Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur: We will notify you via email within 7 business days.We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only those individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.Questions About This Policy or Organized Living's Data PracticesIf you have questions or concerns about this Policy, Privacy Notice, or Organized Living's data practices, please contact us by email at privacy@OrganizedLiving.com.
Products
freedomRail®
Select®
Classica™
freedomRail Garage
Professionals
Builder
Multifamily Pro
Dealer
Contractor
Organizer
Architect
Organization Tips & Ideas
Subscribe
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Houzz
Twitter
OL Blog
Find a Dealer
© 2020 Organized Living, Inc.
Shop
About Us
Careers
Press
Support
Installation
Terms
Privacy
Contact Us
Blog
Design Guide
Dealer Net Login
Sales Net Login