https://www.phonearena.com/terms_of_use
Home
You are here
Terms of Service
Welcome to the Phone Arena (“PhoneArena” or “Website”) a social networking website that allows
its users to share and comment upon a vast variety of consumer electronic products.
PhoneArena provides its services to you subject to the provisions of these Terms of Service (“TOS”). By using this Website or viewing the content herein you accept and agree to be bound by these TOS and each of its provisions. This is a legally binding agreement between you and PhoneArena, so please read it carefully. If you do not agree to these TOS, please do not use PhoneArena.
Eligibility
All Users of this Website must be 16 years of age or older. If you do not qualify, do not attempt to use PhoneArena. Your User account and your User-Generated Content (as defined below) may be deleted without warning if we believe that you are under 16 years of age.
Your PhoneArena Account
In order to have the full PhoneArena experience and to access some features on the Website, you will have to create a User account and profile.
In creating a User account and profile, we ask that you must provide complete and accurate information about yourself, though you may opt instead to provide information that does not make you personally identifiable to the public. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may not impersonate someone else (e.g., adopt the identity of a celebrity or your next-door neighbor), provide an email address other than your own, or create multiple User accounts and profiles.
If you have created a User account with PhoneArena, you are responsible for the security of your account and password. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur in connection with your account, whether or not the use is unauthorized. In addition, you agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account. We reserve the right to close your account, revoke your username, and remove any content submitted by you at any time for any or no reason.
You understand that PhoneArena will not be liable to you for invoking this right.
License for Personal Use
We grant you a limited license and permission to access and make personal use of PhoneArena but not to download or copy any portion of its content for any commercial purpose or to modify any portion of it, except with our written or e-mailed consent.
This license does not include any resale or commercial use of PhoneArena or its content; any collection or use of “User-Generated Content” (as described below); any derivative use of PhoneArena or its contents; or any use of data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction tools or processes; and you agree not to do any of the foregoing.
Except as explicitly provided in these TOS, you agree not to store in any form, distribute, transmit, display, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, sell or otherwise exploit any of the content of any portion of PhoneArena for any commercial purpose without prior consent from PhoneArena.
You may display and occasionally print a single copy of pages of PhoneArena for your personal, non-commercial use, but you may not otherwise reproduce any material appearing on PhoneArena (other than your own "User-Generated Content," as described below) without our prior written consent. Requests for permission to reproduce or distribute materials found on the Website should be sent to this address.
You may not use our name nor any misspelling or typographical variation of PhoneArena, whether alone or in conjunction with any other word or phrase, trademarks or service marks in any manner (including use in any metatags or any other "hidden text") without our prior written or e-mailed consent.
Any violation of the foregoing will terminate the permission and license granted by us to access and use PhoneArena.
User-Generated Content
PhoneArena user account holders may submit content and information, including but not limited to text, data,photos and videos (collectively "User-Generated Content"). You understand that whether or not such User-Generated Content is published, PhoneArena does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any User-Generated Content.
You agree that your User-Generated Content intended for display on PhoneArena will not include any content that is illegal, indecent, profane (including masked profanity where symbols, initials, intentional misspellings or other characters are used to suggest profane language), defamatory, invasive of privacy or otherwise injurious to third parties; and that it will not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of "spam."
You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of your User-Generated Content.
In additional to the restrictions described above, you may not submit User-Generated Content that infringes in any manner on the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of any person or entity, or that contains any confidential or proprietary information of any person or entity, or that otherwise violates the legal rights of any person or entity.
PhoneArena will remove all User-Generated Content if properly notified that such User-Generated Content infringes on another's intellectual property rights.
Furthermore, you cannot use PhoneArena to threaten, stalk, defraud, incite, harass, or advocate the harassment of another person, or otherwise interfere with another User's use of the Website; promote bigotry or discrimination against protected classes; transmit or post pornography or illegal content; use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other automated device, process or means to access, retrieve, scrape, or index the Website or any content on PhoneArena; take any action that imposes or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on PhoneArena's technology infrastructure; or violate any applicable laws.
You are solely responsible for and assume all risks associated with your User-Generated Content. This includes any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by others, or any disclosure by you of information in your User-Generated Content that makes you personally identifiable.
You represent that you own, or have the necessary licenses or permissions to use, and authorize PhoneArena to use your User-Generated Content as described herein.
PhoneArena does not endorse any User-Generated Content or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and PhoneArena expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User-Generated Content. You may not imply that your User-Generated Content is in any way sponsored or endorsed by PhoneArena.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated to monitor User-Generated Content on PhoneArena and restrict or remove such content that we believe, in our sole discretion to be inappropriate. If you feel that any User-Generated Content on PhoneArena is offensive, violates your rights or this TOS, please email us at phonearena@phonearena.com, Subject: Inappropriate Material.
License to PhoneArena and PhoneArena Users
You agree that, by posting any User-Generated Content to PhoneArena, you are granting to PhoneArena a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, and display that User-Generated Content in connection with the this Website and PhoneArena’s (and its successors' and affiliates') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of this Website (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You are also granting to us the non-exclusive right to seek to enjoin and/or obtain damages from any third party from the unauthorized use or reproduction of your User-Generated Content.
If we publish your User-Generated Content or authorize or license others to do so, your User-Generated Content may be edited for length or clarity or for any other reason either before or after it is published.
You also hereby grant each User of PhoneArena a non-exclusive license to access your User-Generated Content through the Website, and to use and display such User-Generated Content as permitted through the functionality of the Website and under these TOS.
The above licenses granted by you terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove or delete your User profile or terminate your User account. You understand and agree, however, that PhoneArena may retain, but not display or distribute, server copies of this User-Generated Content that have been removed or deleted.
The above licenses granted by you with respect to your User-Generated Content postings that have been shared with others such as but not limited to discussion comments or products that have become part PhoneArena’s database are perpetual and irrevocable.
PhoneArena’s Use of User-Generated Content
PhoneArena may or may not use your User-Generated Content in its sole discretion. For example, we may choose not to publish your User-Generated Content if we believe it violates the TOS. In addition, please note that we have no obligation to retain or provide you with copies of your User-Generated Content, nor do we guarantee any confidentiality with respect to your User-Generated Content.
PhoneArena and its licensees may display advertisements and other information adjacent to or included with your User-Generated Content on the Website and other media.
You are not entitled to any compensation for such advertisements. The manner, mode and extent of such advertising are subject to change without specific notice to you.
Privacy Policy
PhoneArena’s current Privacy Policy is available at https://www.phonearena.com/privacy and is incorporated herein by this reference.
Links to Third Party Websites
PhoneArena may include links to other websites as part of content created by PhoneArena (“PhoneArena Content”) or User-Generated Content.
PhoneArena does not control or endorse any content of these third party websites, and, by using PhoneArena you agree that PhoneArena is not responsible for the availability or content of such third party websites.
Termination
PhoneArena reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, including revoking your username, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability.
PhoneArena expressly reserves the right to remove your User account and/or restrict, suspend, or terminate your account and your access to any part of the Website if it determines, in its sole discretion, for example, that you breached the TOS or are suspected of involvement in illegal activity.
You may terminate your account with PhoneArena at any time, for any reason, by selecting the relevant option within your profile page menu.
In the event of any termination, this TOS shall remain in effect.
Ownership
PhoneArena owns the PhoneArena Content that is available on the Website, including but not limited to visual interfaces, interactive features, graphics, scripts, photos, sounds, music, videos, design, compilation, computer code, products, software, text, aggregate user review ratings, and all other elements and components of the Website, excluding User-Generated Content and any third party content.
PhoneArena also owns or has the license for the copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, and other intellectual and proprietary rights throughout the world associated with the PhoneArena Content and the Website, which are protected by copyright, trade dress, patent, trademark laws and all other applicable intellectual and proprietary rights and laws.
As such, you may not modify, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works or adaptations of, publicly display or in any way exploit any of the PhoneArena Content in whole or in part except as expressly authorized by PhoneArena.
Except as expressly and unambiguously provided herein, PhoneArena does not grant you any express or implied rights.
All rights in and to the Website and the PhoneArena Content are retained by PhoneArena.
Copyright Policy
You may not post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information belonging to others without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights.
It is PhoneArena’s policy to terminate a User’s account and privileges of any PhoneArena User who repeatedly infringes the copyright rights of others upon receipt of proper notification to PhoneArena by the copyright owner or the copyright owner's legal agent.
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, if you believe that any of PhoneArena’s User-Generated Content or other content infringes on your copyright, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: (i) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; (ii) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (iii) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on PhoneArena; (iv) your address, telephone number, and email address; (v) a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (vi) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
PhoneArena's Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows: by sending an email to phonearena@phonearena.com
Warranty Disclaimers
ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH PHONEARENA ARE PROVIDED AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" FOR YOUR USE.
ALL MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT. WE AND THE OTHER ENTITIES FROM WHOM WE OBTAIN CONTENT DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH PHONEARENA ARE ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR CORRECT; THAT PHONEARENA WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION; THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT PHONEARENA IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR RISK.
Because some jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion of certain warranties, these exclusions may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WE OR ANY OF THE COMPANIES WITH WHICH WE DO BUSINESS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE PHONEARENA.
THIS LIMITATION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES THAT CAUSE ANY EXCLUSIVE REMEDY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT TO FAIL OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT PHONEARENA SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR USER SUBMISSIONS OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, our liability in such jurisdictions shall be limited to the extent permitted by law.
Damages; Indemnification
You agree that you will be responsible for any damages resulting from any violation of these TOS. You further agree to indemnify and hold PhoneArena, and its owners, affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of these TOS, or any violation of any law or the rights of any third party that occurs in connection with your use of PhoneArena.
Choice of Law and Forum
These TOS shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of nation of Bulgaria, excluding conflicts of law rules. You agree that, unless expressly waived by us, the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to these TOS or your use of PhoneArena shall be in the courts located in Sofia, Bulgaria and you further agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action. You agree to receive service of process through e-mail, certified mail or by other means sanctioned by law, and you expressly waive any claim of improper venue and any claim that such courts are an inconvenient forum. You also agree that in the event of any action to enforce or interpret these TOS, the prevailing party shall be entitled to collect its reasonable attorney fees.
Modification and Severability
PhoneArena reserves the right to make changes to these TOS and our other legal notices at any time without notice to you. By continuing to use this Website following our posting of such changes, you agree to be bound by these TOS as modified. We may change, restrict access to, suspend or discontinue PhoneArena, or any portion of thereof, at any time.
Miscellaneous
PhoneArena and you are independent entities, and nothing in these TOS, or via use of the Website, will create any partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, sales representative, or employment relationship between PhoneArena and you. Any rights and licenses granted under these TOS, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by PhoneArena without restriction.
If any of provision of these TOS shall be deemed invalid, void or for any other reason unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the balance of these TOS.
The failure of PhoneArena to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this TOS shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision.
The section titles in this TOS are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
This TOS operates to the fullest extent permissible by law.
If you have any questions regarding these TOS, please contact us at: .
I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED ABOVE.
Forgot Password
Your E-mail:
Send
Resend confirmation email
Your E-mail:
Send
Confirmation
Cancel
Confirm
Notification
ok
This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. You can order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers at https://www.parsintl.com/phonearena or use the Reprints & Permissions tool that appears at the bottom of each web page. Visit https://www.parsintl.com/ for samples and additional information.
FCC OKs Cingular's purchase of AT&T Wireless