https://www.epicurus.com/privacy-policies
Customer Internet Privacy Statement
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how Epicurus.com collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to us on our websites.
Security
Epicurus.com does not use a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for confidential communications between our site Users and senior management. Rather, our communications are sent via confidential email to a single, designated official. In such communications, we shall not collect credit card or other payment information under these circumstances.
If you purchase any individual item within our sites catalogs, those purchases will be executed directly with the third party provider such as Amazon.com and none of your purchase information is made available to us except the item purchased, date of purchase and price paid. We do not know, at any time, who made a purchase. All customer support for purchases made via Epicurus.com must be provided directly by the merchant. Epicurus.com provides no sales or customer support for any purchase made on Epicurus.com or sister websites.
Information Collection
When you browse any Epicurus.com content or sister website, you do so anonymously. Personal information – including your E-mail address – is not collected. We may, however, request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your E-mail address, for purposes such as correspondence, site registration, requesting services, or participating in online surveys. If you are asked for your E-mail address during a purchase, that request is coming from the merchant, directly and is not available to Epicurus.com.
Like many other commercial websites, Epicurus websites may utilize a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how our site is used. Please read About Cookies for more information.
Information Use
If you provide us with your E-mail address, or have done so in the past, we may upon occasion send you E-mail offers. We may use information you have given us to, for example, provide a service, respond to your enquiry, measure consumer interest in our various services, or inform you about products and services. These offers may be based on information you provided in your initial transaction with us, from surveys that may indicate purchasing preferences and lifestyle, as well as information available from external sources, such as census bureau data. We may also, upon occasion, share E-mail addresses with certain other well-established companies so that they can send you product and service offers that may be of interest.
All offers are carefully developed to ensure that they meet our standards. Our goal is to target offers to people who we believe will find them of value. The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under strict conditions designed to safeguard the security and privacy of customer personal information.
Declining E-mail Offers
Epicurus.com provides customers with an easy means to decline receiving E-mail offers.
Although most customers tell us they appreciate receiving notice of these carefully designed opportunities, we recognize the importance of providing you with choices. At any time, you may request to discontinue receiving these offers by simply replying to the E-mail and informing us of your preferences or by clicking on the removal link at the bottom of each E-mail. All E-mail offers that you receive from Epicurus.com will inform you of how to decline receiving further E-mail offers.
Children
Epicurus.com and it’s parent and sister companies do not knowingly solicit data from children, and we do not knowingly market to children, nor support those we believe may do so in any manner.
Linked Internet Sites
Please be aware that other Internet sites to which a User hyperlinks from the site may contain privacy provisions that differ from the provisions provided herein. Epicurus.com is not responsible for such provisions and expressly disclaims any and all liability related to such provisions.
Our Address: https://www.epicurus.com
Copyright © 1996-[year] Epicurus.com
Search Epicurus.com
Support Autism
To find content in Epicurus.com, please use the search box found above on the right side.Thanks for dropping by! Please join us in supporting Autism Citizen, Inc., advocates for those with autism in a troubled world Donate today!.
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks