http://www.kcis.org/kcisprivacy.html
King County Iris Society
Louisiana Irises: bright colors for boggy areas.
Siberian Irises: gracefull foliage and a wide range of colors.
Pacific Coast Irises: an amazing array of colors and patterns.
Bearded Irises: colors and sytles to fit the needs of any gardener!
Japanese Irises: magnificently majestic; eye-catching in the garden.
Spuria Irises: tall and stately, ideal for landscape backgrounds.
Species Irises: landscape marvels; genetic parents of modern hybrids.
KCIS Home
Officers and Chairs
Member Downloads
Pierce County Iris Society
Privacy Policy
About Our Website
Membership Information
About KCIS
KCIS History (1946-2008)
Why Become A Member
Membership Application
Volunteer Appreciation
Events & Programs
KCIS Display Gardens
KCIS Open Yards
KCIS NWF+G Show
KCIS Show
KCIS Bearded Iris Sale
KCIS Beardless Iris Sale
KCIS Programs
KCIS Speakers Bureau
All About Iris
Bearded Classifications
Bearded Culture
Beardless Culture
Educational Articles
Turning 40
Species to Bearded
About Species Iris
Become an AIS Judge
Flower Arranging Basics
Hybridizing How and Why
Iris tectorum
Iris unguicularis
Iris verna
It's Show Time
Japanese Iris
Louisiana Iris
Searching for Iris tenax
Small Spurias
Photo Galleries
Iris Links
Iris links
Iris Source List
AIS Classroom Iris Project
Contact KCIS
KCIS Privacy Policy
King County Iris Society is committed to respecting the privacy of
visitors to our website. The guidelines below explain some of the steps
we have taken to protect the privacy of visitors to King County Iris
Society online and its features.
Privacy and Personal Information:
King County Iris Society protects the identity of visitors to King
County Iris Society OnLine by limiting the collection of personal
information.
All personally identifying information collected through King County
Iris Society OnLine is used by King County Iris Society and its staff to
process and manage orders or to deliver services through the site; such
information may also be used by the company for market research or for
prize or information-request fulfillment unless otherwise indicated.
Such information will not be posted or published by us, and, except as
specified below in this privacy policy regarding anonymous aggregated
data, or to provide services to you on behalf of King County Iris
Society online, it will not be provided to third-party providers without
consent.
If you choose to provide personally identifying information to us, you
may receive the following types of e-mails from us:
* E-mails related to subscription-maintenance activities.
* Periodic e-mail newsletters highlighting new features, content, and
usage tips for King County Iris Society online.
When you provide personally identifying information to us, you can let
us know that you do not wish to receive special offers King County Iris
Society. Each offer will also have information available to allow you to
"opt out" if you wish to receive no further offers.
King County Iris Society may also disclose personally identifying
information in special legal circumstances. For instance, such
information may be used where it is necessary to protect our copyright
or intellectual property rights, or if the law requires us to do so.
Surveys:
We may occasionally conduct on-line surveys. All surveys are voluntary
and you may decline to participate.
Cookies:
We do not use cookie technology.
Copyright:
All of the graphics and original content on King County Iris Society
OnLine is copyrighted by King County Iris Society, 7051 S 126th Street,
Seattle, WA 98178 and it cannot be redistributed or used for commercial
purposes. Please contact us with any questions or concerns.
Contacting Us:
If you have questions about King County Iris Society, please visit our Contact Us page and submit the contact form.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions:
By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and
conditions of this King County Iris Society OnLine Privacy Policy. If
you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. We reserve
the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove
portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically
for any modifications. Your continued use of King County Iris Society
On-line following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean
that you have accepted those changes.