http://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/about-us/citizens-advice-privacy-policy/how-we-use-cookies/
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
We use cookies to improve your experience of our website. You can find out more or opt-out from some cookies.
I’m fine with cookies
Benefits
Benefits
Coronavirus – check what benefits you can get
Coronavirus – getting benefits if you’re self-isolating
Coronavirus – check if there are changes to your benefits
Benefits - introduction
Help on a low income
Sick or disabled people and carers
Universal Credit
Child Benefit
View all in Benefits
Top links
Housing benefit
Work
Work
Coronavirus - being furloughed if you can’t work
Coronavirus - if you have problems getting your furlough pay
Coronavirus - if you're self-employed
Coronavirus - if you're worried about working
Coronavirus - if you need to be off work to care for someone
Rights at work
Leaving a job
Problems at work
View all in Work
Top links
Template letter to raise a grievance at work
Debt and money
Debt and money
If you can’t pay your bills because of coronavirus
Help with debt
Debt solutions
Budgeting
Mortgage problems
Rent arrears
Action your creditor can take
Borrowing money
View all in Debt and money
Top links
Our pensions advice
Write a letter to your creditors
Consumer
Top links
If you want a refund because of coronavirus
Contact the consumer helpline
Report to Trading Standards
Problems with a used car
Return faulty goods
Buying a used car
Your energy supply
View all
Housing
Housing
Coronavirus - if you have problems with renting
Renting privately
Renting from the council or a housing association
Homelessness
Repairs in rented housing
Renting a home
Mortgage problems
Discrimination in housing
View all in Housing
Family
Family
Living together, marriage and civil partnership
Ending a relationship
Death and wills
Gender violence
Children and young people
Looking after people
Education
Top links
Making a will
Complaining about social care services
What does it mean to have power of attorney?
Child abuse - advice and support
Advice for people affected by child abuse.
Law and courts
Law and courts
Legal system
Claiming compensation for a personal injury
Discrimination
Parking tickets
Civil rights
Top links
Making a small claim
Help for victims of rape and sexual violence
Immigration
Top links
Staying in the UK after Brexit
Keeping your family in the UK after Brexit
Getting British citizenship
Getting a visa for your spouse or partner
Getting a visa for family and friends
Staying in the UK after a divorce
If you've overstayed your visa or leave
If you're in the UK illegally
After you get refugee status
View all in Immigration
Health
Health
Coronavirus – what it means for you
Coronavirus – rules you need to follow
NHS healthcare
Help with health costs
Discrimination in health and care services
Going abroad for dental care
NHS and social care complaints
Top links
What health care can I get on the NHS?
NHS patients' rights
NHS Choices - Information on hospitals, conditions and treatments.
NHS and adult social care complaints
Find out how to complain about your doctor or health visitor.
More from us
About Citizens Advice
Introduction to the Citizens Advice service
How we provide advice
Contact us
The difference we make
Future of advice: our strategic framework 2019-22
Support us
Policy research
Our campaigns
View all in About Citizens Advice
Top links
Find your local Citizens Advice
Volunteer with us
Jobs in our network
Press releases
Our blogs
Read what we're saying about a range of issues
More
England
This advice applies to England:
England home
Advice can vary depending on where you live.
Advice for other parts of the UK:
Northern Ireland home
Scotland home
Wales home
More from us
Privacy and cookies
How we use cookies
How we use cookies
When you use our website, we add cookies to your device to:
make sure the website works well for you - for example, remembering whether you want to see content for England, Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland
find out how you're using our website so we can improve it
By using our website, we assume you agree to us adding cookies to your device. If you want to disable, block or remove cookies, you can do this at any time.
Remove or disable cookies
If you disable all cookies you:
won't be able to have your preferences remembered, like what country you live in
won't be able to fill in forms on our website
might not be able to use webchat or see content from other companies like Youtube videos or SurveyMonkey feedback forms
won't be able to log in - if you work or volunteer for Citizens Advice
To block cookies, you should change the settings in your web browser. You can also delete cookies that have already been set. Click on 'Help' in your web browser and search for 'cookies'.
Cookies from Google Analytics or Mouseflow tell us how you're using our site. You can opt out if you don't want these cookies added to your device.
Opt out from Google Analytics cookies.
Opt out from Mouseflow cookies.
You can find out more about cookies and how to delete them on the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) website.
Making our website work well
We add cookies to your device so you have a good experience when you use our website - for example:
remembering your preferences
stopping the cookie notice showing all the time
making our online forms work
Remembering your preferences
This cookie remembers which part of the UK you prefer to view information in - England, Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland.
This means you won't have to choose a location every time you visit our website.
Cookie nameHow long it's kept on your device
CABExtent
1 month
Stopping the cookie notice showing
This cookie stops the pop-up message about cookies showing on every page you visit - instead, it's only shown on the first 3 pages or until you close it.
Cookie nameHow long it's kept on your device
eprivacy
1 year
Making our online forms work
These cookies make our online forms work. They're put onto your device whether you use a form or not.
Cookie nameWhat it's used forHow long it's kept on your device
AWSELB
If you fill in a form on our website, this cookie makes sure the information is remembered so that it works when you submit it.
5 minutes
ASP.NET_SessionId
If you fill in a form on our website, this cookie makes sure the details you enter stay in the form while you're filling it in.
Until you leave our website by closing your browser
__AntiXsrfToken
This cookie makes sure form submissions on the website are from genuine users and aren't malicious.
Until you leave our website by closing your browser
Cookies other companies add to your device
If you use tools or services on our website that are delivered by other organisations, they might put cookies on your device when you use it.
The tools and services we have on our website from other organisations are:
Google forms, maps and Youtube videos - read Google's privacy policy
SurveyMonkey feedback forms - read SurveyMonkey's privacy policy
EventBrite events sign ups - read EventBrite's privacy policy
embedded Twitter feeds - read Twitter's cookies policy
videos through Vimeo - read Vimeo's privacy policy
embedded maps and presentations provided by Esri - read Esri's privacy policy
If you use online chat
When you use online chat, our chat provider LivePerson adds cookies to your device to make the chat work smoothly.
You can't be identified from any of the cookies and none of your personal information is taken through them.
Cookie nameWhat it's used forHow long it's kept on your device
LPSessionID / LPSID
This cookie remembers what you’ve done on our website including online chat.
Until you leave our website by closing your browser
LPVisitorID / LPVID
This cookie lets the system remember you when you come back.
2 years
Finding out how you use our website
We use tools called Google Analytics and Mouseflow to help us understand how you're using our website.
They collect information by putting cookies on your device. They share that data with us and we use it to improve our website - for example, making popular pages easier to find.
Google Analytics and Mouseflow collect information about:
which links you click on
where you move the mouse or cursor across the page
how much you scroll up and down on the page
your browser, device and operating system
the language you're using
your screen's resolution
the length of time you're on our website
your ISP and approximate ISP Location (City, Region, Country)
how you got to our website
The data collected through cookies is all anonymous - you can't be identified by it.We store the information for 6 months and then delete it.
Read more about how Google Analytics uses cookies.
Read more about how Mouseflow uses cookies in their privacy policy.
This cookies policy only covers citizensadvice.org.uk and its subdomains. Websites we link to should have their own cookies policy.
More from us
Privacy and cookies
Citizens Advice privacy policy
How we use cookies
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Print this page
Close
Feedback
Is there anything wrong with this page? Let us know