http://www.malaysiabest.net/privacy/
Site Navigation
Privacy Policy for malaysiabest.net
The privacy of our visitors to malaysiabest.net is important to us.
At malaysiabest.net, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit malaysiabest.net, and how we safeguard your information.
We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.
The information in the log files include
your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.
This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on malaysiabest.net to support our site.
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.
However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
AdSense Privacy Policy drafted with help by JenSenseThis site is updated with new recipes and foods every day.
So, subscribe to Best Recipe RSS feed now so that you don't miss out anything.
Thanks for visiting and enjoy!
Tags
almond cookies
ash wednesday
banana
butter cake
butter cake recipe
cake
cake recipe
chinese foods
Chinese New Year & festivals
Chinese New Year & festivals
chinese new year 2008
chocolate
Christmas
cookie
cookies recipes
cooking chinese
crab
curry
dessert
donuts
easter egg
foodbuzz
foods
fruit
garlic
jamie oliver
jamie oliver recipe
marble cake
noodle
peanut cookies
pound cake
prawns
recipe
recipe for prawns
recipes for Chinese New Year
restaurant
seafood
sheperd pie
vegan
vegetables
vegetarian fasting
vegetarian food
western food