https://www.homemakingorganized.com/terms-and-conditions-for-homemaking-organized/
Contact Us
About Us
Resources
Shop
Nav Social MenuFacebookInstagramPinterestTwitter
Homemaking OrganizedOrganized
Clean
Food
Homeschool
Subject
Science
Math
Homeschool Reviews
Money
Health
Blogging
Shop
You are here: Home / Terms and Conditions for Homemaking OrganizedIntroduction
These Website Standard Terms and Conditions written on this webpage shall manage your use of our website, Homemaking Organized accessible at https://www.homemakingorganized.com.
These Terms will be applied fully and affect to your use of this Website. By using this Website, you agreed to accept all terms and conditions written in here. You must not use this Website if you disagree with any of these Website Standard Terms and Conditions. Our Terms and Conditions have been generated at Terms And Conditions Template Generator and the Privacy Policy Template.
Minors or people below 18 years old are not allowed to use this Website.
Intellectual Property Rights
Other than the content you own, under these Terms, Homemaking Organized and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website.
You are granted limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website.
Restrictions
You are specifically restricted from all of the following:
publishing any Website material in any other media;
selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material;
publicly performing and/or showing any Website material;
using this Website in any way that is or may be damaging to this Website;
using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website;
using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing.
Certain areas of this Website are restricted from being access by you and Homemaking Organized may further restrict access by you to any areas of this Website, at any time, in absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this Website are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality as well.
Your Content
In these Website Standard Terms and Conditions, “Your Content” shall mean any audio, video text, images or other material you choose to display on this Website. By displaying Your Content, you grant Homemaking Organized a non-exclusive, worldwide irrevocable, sub licensable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute it in any and all media.
Your Privacy
Please read our Privacy Policy.
Your Content must be your own and must not be invading any third-party’s rights. Homemaking Organized reserves the right to remove any of Your Content from this Website at any time without notice.
No warranties
This Website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and Homemaking Organized express no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website. Also, nothing contained on this Website shall be interpreted as advising you.
Limitation of liability
In no event shall Homemaking Organized, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, shall be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website whether such liability is under contract. Homemaking Organized, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Website.
Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent Homemaking Organized from and against any and/or all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under any applicable law, such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
Variation of Terms
Homemaking Organized is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Website you are expected to review these Terms on a regular basis.
Assignment
The Homemaking Organized is allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between Homemaking Organized and you in relation to your use of this Website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.
Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of us, and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in us for the resolution of any disputes.
Primary SidebarWelcome to Homemaking Organized
Here at Homemaking Organized we like to organize home life so that it goes much smoother. Find tips for cleaning, cooking, organizing small spaces, and more. Read More…
BloglovinFacebookInstagramPinterestRSSTwitter
Earning When I Shop
Hard Earned
Recent Posts
Black Friday and Cyber Monday Deals for Homeschoolers 2020
Help with Starting Your Family
Good for You Spices – Enspice
Prebiotic for Gut Health Created Just for Kids
Easy Chicken Cassoulet with Beans Weeknight Dinner
Navigation
Homemaking
Homeschool Reviews
Free Printables
Mom Encouragement
Money Matters
Organized Home
Time Management
ePlanners Shop
Amazon Associates Disclosure
Kemi Quinn is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com
FooterWelcome!
Here at Homemaking Organized we like to organize home life so that it goes much smoother. Find tips for cleaning, cooking, organizing small spaces, and more. Read More…
Amazon Associates Disclosure
This website is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com
Legal Pages
Disclosure Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
This website uses cookies, some of which are needed for its operation. Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Social media & sharing icons
powered by UltimatelySocial