http://www.bullheadcity--az.com/privacy
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Articles
Privacy
Add your business
Sign In
Add your business
Mohave Local
Bullhead City, AZ
Bullhead City is a city located on the Colorado River in Mohave County, Arizona, United States, roughly
90 mi south of Las Vegas, Nevada, and directly across the Colorado River from Laughlin, Nevada, whose casinos and
ancillary services supply much of the employment for Bullhead City.
Bullhead City is currently growing at a rate of 0.64% annually and its population has increased by 3.55%
since the most recent census, which recorded a population of 39,540 in 2010. Spanning over 60 miles, Bullhead City
has a population density of 690 people per square mile.
The City of Bullhead City incorporated on August 28, 1984 and became Arizona’s 77th municipality. As of
2014, Bullhead City is approximately 57.2 square miles.
The average household income in Bullhead City is $53,961 with a poverty rate of 17.97%. The median rental
costs in recent years comes to $759 per month, and the median house value is $121,700.
The City of Bullhead City is a family-oriented, vibrant community for its residents and businesses
seeking careful growth, environmental awareness, an affordable place to live and a high quality of life. In addition
to these qualities of life, there are approximately two-million visitors per year that frequent Bullhead and its
sister city the popular gaming community of Laughlin, Nevada.
Tourism continues to be a primary economic activity derived from the Laughlin resort/gaming industry,
area water sports, golf, fishing, senior and youth sporting events and the thousands of winter visitors that come to
this area for the desert weather and to enjoy more than 300 sunny days a year.
The most common employment sectors for those who live in Bullhead City, AZ, are Accommodation & Food
Services (2,511 people), Retail Trade (2,059 people), and Arts, Entertainment, & Recreation (1,986 people).
Employment by industries
Employment by industries in Bullhead City by "Data USA"
Click on one of the category groups below to get the related local businesses.
Physicians & Surgeons
Restaurants
Real Estate Agents & Brokers
Auto Repair
Attorneys
Beauty Salons
Dentists
Insurance Agents & Brokers
Churches & Religious Organizations
Contractors - General
Auto Body Repair & Painting
Storage Services
Furniture
Barbers
Recreational Vehicle Parks
Plumbers
Boat Dealers
Convenience Stores
Used Car Auto Dealers
Nail Salons
Pet Grooming
Fitness Centers
Grocers
Chiropractors
Building Contractors
Clinics
Gasoline & Oil Service Stations
Tire Dealers
Financial Advisor
Internal Medicine Doctor
Bullhead City, AZ
Number of companies
1,522
Number of categories
226