https://www.convertiblecarmagazine.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to Content
Terms and conditions
We make every effort to ensure that the data we hold is correct and up-to-date, but inaccuracies do occur and car details, prices and specifications can change. If in doubt, we recommend that before making a purchasing decision you check a Car retailer.
Some car photographs may feature cars of a different specification, body style or year to the car reviewed or featured.
Legal information
All information is given in good faith and we work hard to provide a comprehensive site, however, we can give no guarantee of its accuracy. Information was assumed to be accurate at time of publishing however new car prices, news, details, insurance groups and car specifications may have changed since publication. Please check with your local car dealer before making a purchasing decision.
Specifications and car prices published may only apply to the UK market. E.&O.E.
You may not reproduce the news, car reviews, featurtes, photographs or data in any format, in full or part without our written permission. Legal action will be made against those who duplicate content without permission, this includes those who reproduce feeds.
convertiblecarmagazine.com © copyright 2006 – 2020.
Privacy policy
We take your privacy seriously. This policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it. (This privacy policy is applicable to websites falling under the primary holder www.convertiblecarmagazine.com)
Routine Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes, and lets me know what pages and information are useful and helpful to visitors.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Where necessary, this site uses cookies to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.
Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.
Controlling Your Privacy
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
Special Note About Google Advertising
Any advertisements served by Google, Inc., and affiliated companies may be controlled using cookies. These cookies allow Google to display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google advertising services. Learn how to opt out of Google’s cookie usage. As mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other mechanisms is subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
About Google advertising: What is the DoubleClick DART cookie? The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on publisher websites displaying AdSense for content ads. When users visit an AdSense publisher’s website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers better serve and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Email Addresses
By providing us with your email when subscribing to our mailing list you are opting to receive Convertible Car Magazine newsletters. You may unsubscribe at any time and your email address will not be passed on to any third-party organisation without your permission.
A valid email address must be used with comments but these will not be used for any marketing activity. We do however reserve the right to reply to you on rare occasions.
Contact Information
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be made through our contact form for further clarification.
Comments and Contributions
Comments and contributions are filtered and moderated. We have a zero-tollerence stance to spam and will delete all comments that do not refer or contribute to the page content or contain irrelevant hyperlinks.
Guest writers are welcome to submit unique articles however we cannot guarantee they will be published. Please contact us first to discuss content. We reserve the right to edit submissions and to remove unnecessary promotions and hyperlinks.
If you like this page, please share it:
Share on Facebook
Share on Google+
Share on Twitter
Pin it on Pintrest
Share on Reddit
Share by Email
Recent Articles
BMW 8-Series Convertible
New BMW Z4 Roadster Revealed
An E-Type only better
Popular Articles4 Seater Convertibles
Convertible and Cabriolet what’s the difference?
Hardtop Convertibles
Mazda MX-5 Miata Roadster Coupe Review
Small Convertibles
Recent Features
New Convertible Cars for 2018
Convertible Cars - What happened to 2017?
Buying a Used Convertible Car
New Convertible Cars for 2016
Recent Reviews
Audi A3 Cabriolet Review
Citroen DS3 Cabriolet Review
VW Golf Cabriolet Review
Fiat 500C Review