https://www.olivenation.com/privacy
Home
Terms & Privacy
Terms & Privacy
Terms & Disclaimers
Our items are sold exclusively for use in food and drink intended for human consumption.
Our products are not sold for use in e-cigarettes or any use where the flavor is inhaled or topically applied to the skin. Individuals or companies that use our products outside their intended use of food and drink for human consumption do so at their own risk and without warranty, either expressed or implied, from OliveNation, LLC or its suppliers. The user assumes all liability for loss, injury, damage or expense resulting from such uses.
The information provided by us on this web site or otherwise communicated via emails, documents etc. is believed to be accurate and represents the best information currently available to us. The information given is designed only as a guide for safe handling, use, processing, storage, transportation, disposal and release and is not to be considered as a warranty or quality specification. The information relates only to the specific material designated and may not be valid for such material used in combination with any other material or in any process, unless specified in the text.
We make no warranty of merchantability or any other warranty expressed or implied, with respect to such information, we assume no liability resulting from its use. Users should make their own investigation to determine suitability of the information for their particular purposes.
In no event shall OliveNation, LLC be liable for any claims, losses or damages of any third party or for lost profits or any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, or exemplary damages, how-so-ever arising, even if OliveNation, LLC has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Privacy
We want you to know how we handle the information you send us via the internet. Our Privacy Policy adapts to the internet's dynamic environment. We keep you informed by updating this Privacy Policy as our procedures change. Please review it occasionally to remain informed. This Policy was last updated on June 1, 2018:
Automatic CollectionOur Web server automatically recognizes only the visitor's domain name (not the e-mail address), IP address and records the visitor's browser and platform type (e.g., Netscape browser on a Microsoft platform).CookiesWe use cookies to:
Record the visitor's session information (such as the visitor's shopping selections when ordering).
Record user-specific information on the pages the visitor selects for viewing.
E-mail AddressesWhen a visitor gives us an e-mail address while placing an order, signing up for our newsletter, or when visitors send us e-mail correspondence, we retain the visitor's e-mail address. We do not sell, share or trade visitors' email addresses.Opt-Out of Receiving promotionsYou can opt out of receiving promotions and discount coupon emails very easily through your account. You can also opt-out of each email simply by clicking the Unsubscribe button usually at the bottom of each email. A 3rd way is to simply send us an email at info@olivenation.com with your valid opt-out email address.Visitor-Keyed InformationWe retain information provided by our visitor, such as registration information, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number).Mailing AddressesVisitors who give us their mailing address online will only receive mail contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online.Telephone NumbersVisitors who give us their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online.Credit Card InformationWhen you submit your credit card info on our web site, we instantly verify and get approval from our bank. If you choose to save the credit card in your account, in order to save time, then the information is actually saved with the bank and not anywhere on our servers. This provides added credit card security. If you do not choose to have the card number saved then the information is discarded once the order is confirmed and not saved anywhere on our servers.
Ad Servers
OliveNation.com does not have arrangements with any ad server companies for this Web site.SecurityWe use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving customer data exchanged with our site server.DisclosureIf required by law, court order or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise advisable, we may disclose your information.Image & Video CopyrightImages & Video on this website are copyrighted materials provided by Istockphoto, StockFood and The Wine Appreciation Guild.All web site contentAll content on this website is copyrighted and trademarked material and property of OliveNation and is not available for use by any other organization or person without express permission from Olivenation.
Special Notice for Customer Shipping Good outside the USA
Hereby, by buying from OliveNation, you, the customer, authorizes OliveNation LLC to import the goods on your behalf. Further you agree that OliveNation LLC may delegate the obligation to import the goods on your behalf to a subcontractor (e.g. customs broker). You will pay the taxes & duties in addition with the purchase price of the goods.
If you have any questions, please contact us at support@olivenation.comAmit Mitra
OK