http://www.uoguelph.ca/web/terms/
Toggle navigation
GryphMail
CourseLink
Directory
Library
Maps
Gryphlife
WebAdvisor
Weather
search help
search
Academics
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Studies
Distance Education
Academic Calendars
College of Arts
College of Biological Science
College of Physical & Engineering Sciences
College of Social & Applied Human Sciences
Gordon S. Lang School of Business & Economics
Ontario Agricultural College
Ontario Veterinary College
Ridgetown Campus
University of Guelph-Humber
Open Learning and Educational Support
About
About the University
Arboretum
Board of Governors
Senate
Senior Administration
International
President
Research
Services
Athletics
Bookstore
Campus Community Police
Communications & Public Affairs
Government Relations & Community Engagement
Computing & Communications Services
Hospitality Services
Human Resources
Student Affairs
Student Housing Services
More Services
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Web Design
Web Publishing
Web & Social Media
Content
The University of Guelph upholds the principles of academic freedom and shared governance, and privacy in the use of electronic resources by our faculty, students and staff. The University website contains official pages in support of the core mission of the University or related administrative business. It also contains web pages generated by groups or individuals whose expressed views do not necessarily represent the views of the University of Guelph.
The University does not actively monitor or control web content. However, when the University receives a notification of an alleged violation of law or policy, we investigate and address violations accordingly.
Copyright
The University crest and identifier (logo) are the property of the Unviersity of Guelph and may not be used by third parties without specific written permission of the Assistant Vice-President (Communications & Public Affairs).
Other trademarks, service marks, and trade names used on University of Guelph websites are the property of their respective owners.
Endorsements
Links from a website located on a University of Guelph server to any external site do not imply University endorsement of the site's products or services. References to non-University of Guelph products, services, or organizations do not imply University endorsement of such products, services, or organizations.
Feedback
We welcome any questions, comments or concerns you might have with regard to the University and this Web site. Please send your comments to either the University's Website Manager or to the contact listed on the specific department, unit, individual or organization website.
Privacy
The University of Guelph respects your privacy. We are currently finalizing our Privacy Policy explains how and why we collect certain information online, and how we use that information. This policy will explain how you can prevent collection of certain information about yourself, if you choose.
Resources
Domain Name Approval
Graphic Standards Guide
Mass Electronic Mail Policy
Web Design Guidelines
Web Publishing Guidelines
Website Terms of Use
Web Template