http://www.ftb.ca.gov/your-rights/privacy/index.html
Breadcrumbs:
Home
Privacy policy statement
Back to Your rights
Privacy policy statement
Information Practices Act
Cookies
How we protect your information
Related content
California Revenue and Taxation Code (RTC) 19570
Civil Code 1798, et seq.
Government Code 6250, et seq.
FTB 1131
FTB 1131 COD
FTB 1131 VRC
FTB 1132A
The privacy and security of your personal information is of the utmost importance to us.
We collect relevant personal information through lawful means to administer the California Revenue and Taxation Code (RTC).
We communicate the purpose for which the information will be used, at or prior to the time of collection. Any subsequent use will be consistent with the original purpose.
We will not disclose your personal data without your consent, unless authorized by law.
We use security technologies to protect all of your information from unauthorized viewing by internal and external sources.
Your rights
You have the right to know what types of information we gather and how we use it. You may review your information and bring any inaccuracies to our attention.
Our policies regarding the personal information we collect and manage are governed by law, including the Information Practices Act (Civil Code 1798 – 1798.78), except as provided in RTC 19570.
For more information on our use, collection, and disclosure of personal information, visit our FTB Privacy Policy:
FTB 1131
FTB 1131 COD
FTB 1131 VRC
Protecting your privacy
We use security technologies to protect all of your information on our entire website from unauthorized viewing or corruption, by either internal or external sources. To help you conduct business with us safely and privately, we require that you use the latest version of your browser. Visit Website help for more information. We label any “non-secure” forms and explain that you should not use them to send confidential information.
There are things you
can do to protect your privacy. Be sure to update your browser and operating system regularly. For more information on how you can protect
your privacy, visit the Privacy Enforcement and Protection page on the Office of the Attorney General website.
Any information we acquire, including information collected on our website, may be released if requested as stated in the Information
Practices Act of 1977 (Civil Code 1798, et seq.).
Electronically
collected personal information is exempt from disclosure when requested under
the Public Records Act (Government Code 6250, et seq.).
Information we collect for specific requests
We collect the information listed below to respond to your requests.
Registration
We use your name, address, and email address to contact you about services on our website, such as when you register for events and workshops.
Conference material orders
We use your name, address, and email address to process your order or contact you if we have a problem processing your order.
Subscriptions
We use your email address to send your subscription materials, such as Tax News and e-file News. If you provide us your Zip Code, we can send you information specific to your area. You may subscribe or unsubscribe at any time.
Email
We use your name, email address, and phone number to respond to your request.
e-Services
To use our interactive online services, you will need to provide personal information for authentication and business purposes. This information may include, but is not limited to:
Your social security, business identification, or tax professional identification number.
Information from a previously filed California tax return, as originally filed.
Your contact information, such as your last name, address, telephone number, and email address.
What we do with the information collected
We use the information gathered to help us improve our website and to process your requests.
We do not sell your information or distribute it to anyone outside of the Franchise Tax Board, unless required by law or necessary to process your online transaction.
We may be required to comply with subpoenas and government orders, and provide information to the extent permissible by law.
Links to other websites
Our website includes links to other websites. We provided these links as a convenience. Additionally:
We receive tax returns filed online through third parties
We use a third party to process credit card payments
Read the privacy policy of any website that collects your personal information. Their privacy policies are not under our control.
Notification of changes
We may change our privacy policy. When changes are made we will promptly post those changes and begin implementing them 30 days from that posting date.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, contact our Privacy and Disclosure Office:
Mail
Franchise Tax Board
Disclosure Office MS A181
PO Box 1468
Sacramento, CA 95812-1468
Phone
(916) 845-3226
Effective date: August 15, 2018
You are leaving ftb.ca.gov
We do not control the destination site and cannot accept any responsibility for its contents, links, or offers. Review the site's security and confidentiality statements before using the site.
If you have any issues or technical problems, contact that site for assistance.
Close
Continue