http://www.holtinternational.org/privacypolicy.shtml
Website Privacy and Terms of Use Policy
Holt International Children’s Services provides this website in order to allow viewers the opportunity to learn and contribute to Holt’s mission. This policy outlines our commitment to your privacy regarding the information you provide through our site. The policy also states the limitations placed on your use of the information and technology provided by the website. Your use of Holt’s website constitutes your agreement to the terms and conditions stated in this policy. Holt reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please return often to review it.
Use of Holt International’s website constitutes agreement to the terms and conditions stated in this policy.
Website Privacy:
Holt International’s website (http://www.holtinternational.org) privacy policy is clear: Holt collects no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information.
Donor Privacy:
Personal information, such as your name, address, telephone number, payment information and email address will be collected and stored for organization-wide use and IRS purposes. It is used to analyze overall giving patterns in order to make more accurate budget projections, as well as to understand donors’ interests in our mission and to update them on the organization’s plans and activities. This information is shared with staff, board members and consultants only on a confidential and need-to-know basis. We will not sell, trade or share your personal information, collected on the website or through any other business activities with anyone else or any other organizations, other than the constituents listed above. We will not share your personal information unless you give us specific permission to do so.
We gather your information:
When you request information via one of the email addresses identified on our website or otherwise contact us in person, by phone or email, with a question. We may then collect your name, address and email in order to respond to that inquiry.
We may collect your name, email address and other contact information if you register for an event or to serve as a volunteer.
We may collect your name, email address, telephone number and payment information when you make a contribution, either on our website, over the phone or by mailing in a check.
The above list provides a sample of personal information that may be collected by Holt International. From time to time, we may collect personal information from you in ways not described above.  You have the right to review information that we have collected about you.  To review that information please contact us in writing at Corporate Financial Officer, 250 Country Club, Eugene, Oregon 97401
Confidentiality:
Holt International assures you that the identity and information provided by all who contact us through this website is kept confidential: Holt does not rent, sell, trade or exchange our mailing lists. Holt does not share any information with outside parties unless given permission prior to the action, except that Holt will share information with government or law enforcement authorities in its sole discretion or as required by law. If Holt should merge or combine with another organization, or cease its activities, its lists may be transferred to an appropriate purchaser or successor.
Information Collected Automatically:
If the only action you do when visiting our site is to browse through the website, read pages, or download information, Holt will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. No identifying information, which can identify you personally, is collected. The information automatically collected is the IP address of each visitor to this site. This IP address tells us which domain you visited from (example: yahoo.com, chollian.net or aol.com), but not your e-mail address. We use the information recorded to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer this website more effectively, and to gather broad demographic information about what countries and domains our visitors hail from.
Interactive Opportunities & Providing Personal Information:
Interactive opportunities are available for you through Holt’s Guest Book, Info Update feature, Forums, on-line Surveys, Donations, and Sponsorship sites. Those who choose to register through the Info-Update feature, Forums, on-line Surveys or our Guest Book may choose to give us certain contact information (name, mailing address, e-mail address). We may use this contact information to send announcements from Holt International. The contact information may also be used to contact the visitor for various reasons such as acknowledgements, reminders, etc. Those who choose to register with Donations or Sponsorship will be required to give detailed information on an SSL- secured site.
Security:
In some cases where sensitive information is gathered, our site uses SSL encrypted contribution response forms for visitors who choose to provide information, request information, or make donations. Holt collects all necessary contact information (name, mailing address, phone, and e-mail address), and financial information (credit card numbers) to complete the activity. Contact information from the response form is used to process donations, provide receipts and other information about Holt International to our visitors.
Links to Other Sites:
Holt wishes to provide you with other resources regarding adoption, child welfare, and legislation. Holt provides several links to other sites on the Internet. We have no control over these links or sites. These sites may have different privacy policies and information gathering practices. Holt claims no responsibility or liability for the content, reliability of information and privacy policies. Once you have entered these sites, you are under their terms and policies.
Removing or Changing Information From Holt’s Records:
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service; or for changing or modifying information previously provided.
1. E-mail to webmaster@holtinternational.org
2. Send mail to the following address:
Holt International Children’s Services
Attn: Internet Administrator
PO Box 2880
Eugene, OR 97401
3. Call Holt International at 541-687-2202
When contacting us to change your status, be sure to include any information that would help us identify you on our lists, such as complete contact information (name, mailing address, telephone number, and e-mail address), or information about venues in which you gave us your contact information online (Guest Book, Forum, on line survey, etc.).
Contacting Holt’s Website:
If you have further questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact:
Attention: Internet Administrator
Holt International Children’s Services
PO Box 2880
Eugene, OR 97401
541-687-2202
webmaster@holtinternational.org
Terms of Use:
By using this site, you agree to the terms below. Your use of Holt’s website (http://www.holtinternational.org) and all pages within its domain allows Holt the right to seek all legal means to address any violations of the terms below.
Holt International Children’s Services Website:
Holt’s website is the property of Holt International Children’s Services and is meant for the sole purpose of personal or educational use. Any other use, including reproduction or translation of the site other than for personal or educational use requires the express written permission of Holt International. Request should be sent to webmaster@holtinternational.org.
Copyright:
All contents of Holt International’s website are copyrighted and is protected under the United States and other copyright laws. All materials located on Holt’s site are property of Holt International Children’s Services or its licensors.
Website Content:
The content of Holt’s website is selected on the basis of Holt’s own criteria and own discretion. Holt reserves the right to change or discontinue an aspect or feature of the site, at any time.
Interactive Sections of Holt’s Website:
Holt’s site contains bulletin boards, guest books and email address of Holt staff. The user agrees when utilizing these opportunities, not to do any of the following: (a) defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or violate the rights of others (b) publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or information (c) upload or attach files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property law unless necessary consent is received (d) upload or attach files that contain viruses, corrupt files, or any other similar software which may damage the operation of another’s computer (e) advertise or offer to sell any goods or services or conduct or forward surveys, contests or chain letters.
Holt reserves the absolute right to delete any in appropriate materials posted to Holt’s site. Holt also reserves the right to terminate your ability to interact with our website in the event we determine by using our own discretion, that you have been engaged in a prohibited activity.
Website Security:
Any unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on Holt’s site is strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, or the laws against trespass.
Change of Website Terms of Use:
Holt reserves the right to change our “Terms of Use” policies. Holt will inform the public of changes. We urge you to review the policies occasionally and look at the date at the top to see if there have been recent revisions. If substantial changes are occurring, Holt will inform its viewers on the home page.
Participation Disclaimer:
Holt monitors the site regularly. We will attempt to provide a safe and informative environment where all participants feel their views and ideas are being voiced. Holt reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable. Holt will use its sole discretion.
Links to Other Sites:
Holt wishes to provide you with other resources regarding adoption, child welfare, and legislation. Holt provides several links to other sites on the Internet. We have no control over these links or sites. Holt claims no responsibility or liability for the content, reliability of information and privacy policies.
Company
About
Contact us
Employment
Leadership
Financials
Privacy policy
Financial Disclosure
Support
1-888-355-HOLT (4658)
info@holtinternational.org
Address
250 Country Club Rd
Eugene, OR 97401
8:30 am to 4:00 pm (PT) M - Th
8:30 am to 12:30 pm (PT) F
MyHolt Sponsor Login
Branches
Alaska/Oregon/Washington
California
Central States
Illinois/Wisconsin
New Jersey/New York/Pennsylvania
Media
Magazine
Stories
Enews
Photo Submissions
Holt International is a registered 501(c)3 nonprofit organization. All donations are tax deductible to the full extent of the law. EIN: 23-7257390.
By using the Holt International website, you consent to our use of cookies. We use cookies to tailor our web experience to individual users and to provide relevant follow-up content online.
X