https://www.servpro.com/terms
If you have a fire or water emergency, please call us now at
1-800-SERVPRO
To have the optimal experience while using this site, you will need to update your browser. You may want to try one of the following alternatives:
Microsoft Edge (Windows only)
The latest version of Microsoft Internet Explorer (Windows only)
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Website Terms of Use
servpro.com
This website is maintained by Servpro Industries, Inc. ("SERVPRO"), the company that sells and supports franchises utilizing the SERVPRO® trademark and business system. By using this website, you are agreeing to our Terms of Website Use and our Internet policies which may change from time to time, so please be sure to visit this site and web page often to see if anything has changed. If we post changes and you continue to use the site, you will be deemed to have agreed to the changes.
SERVPRO has sole ownership of all of the logos, trademarks, artwork, phone numbers, sounds, audio and video, information, documents, and content used in connection with this website or posted on this website, including those periodic changes and additions to the site and the information on, and content of the site.
SERVPRO retains copyrights to all information, materials, graphics, and content of copyrightable nature posted on this website. Certain information is reprinted and posted on this website with permission from others. Any copying, dissemination or reuse of any of the material on, or contents of this website is strictly forbidden without the prior written release or permission of SERVPRO.
SERVPRO makes no warranties of any kind, whether expressed or implied, as to the accuracy, reliability, or completeness, of any information or content provided on this website. SERVPRO specifically disclaims any express or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose and any warranty of non-infringement, with respect to the content of, and information on this website. All of the information, documentation, artwork, trademarks, audio, video, and other content of this website is strictly made available on an "as is" basis without warranty of any kind.
SERVPRO may provide on this website, hyperlinks to third-party websites as a convenience to users of this website. SERVPRO does not review, or control the third-party websites, and SERVPRO is not responsible for the information on, and contents of any hyperlinked third-party websites or any hyperlink in any hyperlinked website. Therefore, the terms and conditions set forth in this Terms of Website Use, and the liability limitations set forth below, fully apply to any and all such third-party websites connected by any hyperlinks.
SERVPRO does not endorse, recommend, or approve any third-party website hyperlinked from this website. With respect to any information appearing on any site linked to this site, SERVPRO advises the users of this website that reliance on such information should only be made or undertaken after the user’s independent review of its accuracy, completeness and authenticity.
You should review the privacy policy of each Internet site linked to this site, and you should also review the terms of use of any linked site. The sites that are linked to this website are not subject to these Terms of Website Use, and they may have different terms of use, and they may have an additional or different privacy policy concerning any data that they access through your utilization of their site. In any event, SERVPRO is not responsible for any use of your information or data by any hyperlinked site.
Under no circumstances will SERVPRO, its affiliates, or their employees or agents (all collectively "Servpro Industries, Inc.") be liable for any improper or incorrect use of, reliance upon, or reference to any of the information or content contained on this website, or on any linked Internet address; or for any damages suffered from the direct or indirect use of, reliance upon, or reference to any of the information or content on this website or upon any linked Internet site. Under no circumstances shall SERVPRO be liable under any theory of recovery, at law or at equity, for any types of damages, including, without limitation: direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages, or for loss of use, or lost profits, which arise out of or relate in any manner to the use, performance of, reliance upon, or access to any information, services, software, documents, or content originating from or with respect to this website, or any linked Internet address. Any claims that arise out of, relate to or are connected with the website, materials and content contained on this website or any link to an Internet address, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Tennessee. Any action commenced with respect to this website which concerns this website in any way shall be venued in either a Federal District Court located in Nashville, Tennessee, or a court located in Sumner County, Tennessee, and all such persons making such claims consent to the jurisdiction of such courts for these purposes.
theservprostoryOur HistoryTed and Doris Isaacson launched SERVPRO in 1967 as a painting business in Sacramento, Calif. About Our History ourleadershipOur Executive TeamThe SERVPRO Executive Committee boasts an average tenure of more than 20 years in the SERVPRO System. Meet The Team news & pressreleasesReview our official press releases for the latest news and updates from SERVPRO Corporate. Our Press Releases awards &recognitionStriving for ExcellenceSERVPRO has been recognized for our Franchise system's focus on helping entrepreneurs succeed.View Our Awards