http://www.gardenresources.co.uk/store/conditions
Home
About Us
Blog
Policies
Shipping Policy
Condition Of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact
FAQ
Login
Register
My Cart
Your cart is empty
We are Colorado owned.
Shop local and support Colorado business. Colorado jobs matter.
Voted the Best Amazon Shopping Alternative
Exact Match
Broad Match
Description
GO
One Stop Life Shop with Deals of the Day to help you live life better.
We have The Best Discount Shopping Deals on over 9 million different products so you save money.
Be sure to look at our Blog.
It was rated the Best on the Internet and is a Google News Contributor.
The Vandergraph Notes section contains Free Success Training and Thoughts from the Vandergraph Family.
Conditions of use
We understand that your privacy is important to you, which is why we are here to discuss the formal disclosure of how your personal as well as non-personal information is used by online stores like us. Our Blog Disclaimer is available for viewing below.
We thank you for placing your trust in us, regarding your sensitive personal information. The information provided by you helps us in improving the website and ultimately, your online experience at our website. By visiting BargainBrute, you accept and agree to the policies listed below:
We collect your personal information in the following cases:
When you register on our website
When you place an order with us
When you sign up for our newsletter
When you give us information on our contact us page
When you participate in any promotions and surveys initiated by BargainBrute
The information that you provide us with may be used in conjunction with information received from resources like address update services
Cookies
It is important you know that when you visit BargainBrute, you give us the permission to use cookies to collect your personal information, and to help us in monitoring your usage. Cookies are small text files that help us to learn the following things:
When you visited the website
The pages you viewed at the website
The total time you spent on the website
In addition to this, we also gather the following information:
Your IP address
The browser you are using
Information regarding your computer’s operating system
The domain that led you to BargainBrute
Why Do We Need Cookies?
Cookies are important because they help us in making the website more personalized for you, and in enhancing the quality of services we provide. Cookies are helpful for you too. When you get to the website, it is the cookies that eliminate the need to enter your ID and password again and again, and it even keeps the items saved in the shopping cart.
As our customer, you have every right to decline the cookies. In order to learn more about this, click Help on your browser and change the preferences. By turning off the cookies, you are limiting yourself from using the extensive features that we provide on our website.
Usage
The information that we collect helps us with the following:
To fulfill requests of the products
To contact you and answer your questions
To help you learn about the latest promotions, deals, and discounts
To protect the integrity of BargainBrute
BLOG DISCLAIMER: This is a personal blog and is not representative of the views and/or opinions of Bargainbrute.com, Douglas Vandergraph, or any Vandergraph companies.
Any views or opinions represented in this blog are personal and belong solely to the blog owner and do not represent those of people, institutions or organizations that the owner may or may not be associated with in professional or personal capacity, unless explicitly stated. Any views or opinions are not intended to malign any religion, ethnic group, club, organization, company, or individual.
All content provided on this blog is for informational purposes only. The owner of this blog makes no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any information on this site or found by following any link on this site.
The owner will not be liable for any errors or omissions in this information nor for the availability of this information. The owner will not be liable for any losses, injuries, or damages from the display or use of this information.
Downloadable Files and Images
Any downloadable file, including but not limited to pdfs, docs, jpegs, pngs, is provided at the user’s own risk. The owner will not be liable for any losses, injuries, or damages resulting from a corrupted or damaged file.
The blog owner is not responsible for the content in comments.
This blog disclaimer is subject to change at anytime.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
Thank you for your purchase
All orders are processed the very same day!
Thank you for supporting Colorado Jobs.
About Us
We are Colorado owned.
Shop local and support Colorado business.
Colorado jobs matter. We are a Family Owned Colorado Strong Online Shopping... Read More
Key Links
About our store
Shipping Policy
Condition Of Use
Privacy Policy
Register
Login
Contact
FAQ
Returns
Our Blog
Sitemap
2020 © Copyright bargainbrute.com.
All rights Reserved.
Multi-currencies display