https://www.epicurus.com/terms-of-use
THE EPICURUS GROUP
Terms of Web Site Use and Disclaimer
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE AND DISCLAIMER CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE (this “SITE”). By accessing or using this site, you agree to these terms of service. If you do not agree to these terms you may not use this site. Please click the link below.
I do not accept the terms below.
This agreement was written in English (US). To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.  Please note that Section 11 contains certain changes to the general terms for users outside the United States.
Date of Last Revision: May 17, 2012.
Statement of Rights and Responsibilities
This Statement of Rights and Responsibilities (Statement) derives from the Epicurus Principles, and governs our relationship with users and others who interact with Epicurus. By using or accessing Epicurus, you agree to this Statement.
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us. We designed our Privacy Policy to make important disclosures about how you can use Epicurus to share with others and how we collect and can use your content and information.  We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy, and to use it to help make informed decisions.
Sharing Your Content and Information
You own all of the content and information you post on Epicurus.com, and you can control how it is shared through your privacy choices. In addition:
For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos and videos (IP content), you specifically give us the following permission, subject to your privacy choices: you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with Epicurus (IP License). This IP License ends when you delete your IP content or your account unless your content has been shared with others, and they have not deleted it.
When you delete IP content, it is deleted in a manner similar to emptying the recycle bin on a computer. However, you understand that removed content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others).
Recipes posted in forums may be provided as links only to existing web content on other sites provided such links open to a new tab or window.  You agree not to copy and paste content from other sites.  Original content may, at the discretion of the moderators of the Forums copy the recipe from the Forum to our Recipes Section if it is found to be noteworthy and popular.
When you use any function or section, your content and information is shared with others who may or may not be participating members of Epicurus.com.
When you publish content or information using the Public setting, it means that you are allowing everyone, including people off of Epicurus, to access and use that information, and to associate it with you (i.e., your name or screen-name and profile picture).
We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about Epicurus, but you understand that we may use them without any obligation to compensate you for them (just as you have no obligation to offer them).
We do not permit commercial endorsements in recipes, comments, articles, or any content added by members of the public and reserve the right to edit such content to remove or edit any commercial endorsements as we deem appropriate and in keeping with editorial policies of Epicurus.com.  We pledge not to edit the core concept of any articles, recipes or comments made by you unless the content is deemed offensive or harmful to others.
Safety
We do our best to keep Epicurus safe, but we cannot guarantee it. We need your help to do that, which includes the following commitments:
You will not send or otherwise post unauthorized commercial communications (such as spam) on Epicurus.
You will not collect users’ content or information, or otherwise access Epicurus, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our permission.
You will not engage in unlawful multi-level marketing, such as a pyramid or Ponzi scheme, on Epicurus.
You will not upload viruses or other malicious code.
You will not solicit login information or access an account belonging to someone else.
You will not bully, intimidate, or harass any user.
You will not post content that: is hateful, threatening, or pornographic; incites violence; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence.
You will not develop or operate a third-party application containing alcohol-related or other mature content (including advertisements) without appropriate age-based restrictions.
You will not publicize or offer any contest, giveaway, or sweepstakes (“promotion”) on Epicurus without express written permission from Epicurus.
You will not use Epicurus to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious, or discriminatory.
You will not do anything that could disable, overburden, or impair the proper working of Epicurus, such as a denial of service attack.
You will not facilitate or encourage any violations of this Statement.
Registration and Account Security
Epicurus users provide their real names and information, and we need your help to keep it that way. Here are some commitments you make to us relating to registering and maintaining the security of your account:
You will not provide any false personal information on Epicurus, or create an account for anyone other than yourself without permission.
You will not create more than one personal profile.
If we disable your account, you will not create another one without our permission.
You will not use your personal profile for your own commercial gain (such as selling your status update to an advertiser).
You will not use Epicurus if you are under 13.
You will not use Epicurus if you are a convicted sex offender.
You will keep your contact information accurate and up-to-date.
You will not share your password, (or in the case of developers, your secret key), let anyone else access your account, or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your account.
You will not transfer your account (including any page or application you administer) to anyone without first getting our written permission.
If you select a username for your account we reserve the right to remove or reclaim it if we believe appropriate (such as when a trademark owner complains about a username that does not closely relate to a user’s actual name).
You will not attempt to exploit the opportunities to post content on Epicurus.com in order to advertise, endorse, market, promote or otherwise encourage the use of any company, service, product or business not approved by Epicurus.com in writing, in advance.
Protecting Other People’s Rights
We respect other people’s rights, and expect you to do the same.
You will not post content or take any action on Epicurus that infringes or violates someone else’s rights or otherwise violates the law.
We can remove any content or information you post on Epicurus if we believe that it violates this Statement.
We will provide you with tools to help you protect your intellectual property rights. To learn more, visit our How to Report Claims of Intellectual Property Infringement page.
If we remove your content for infringing someone else’s copyright, and you believe we removed it by mistake, we will provide you with an opportunity to appeal.
If you repeatedly infringe other people’s intellectual property rights, we will disable your account when appropriate.
When posting a consumer complaint about any product or commercial service, you may not display any trademark or registered logo of that company or brand without their express written permission.
You will not use our copyrights or trademarks (including Epicurus, the Epicurus Group and Epicurus Institute Logos or designs), or any confusingly similar marks, without our written permission.
If you collect information from users, you will: obtain their consent, make it clear you (and not Epicurus) are the one collecting their information, and post a privacy policy explaining what information you collect and how you will use it.
You will not post anyone’s identification documents or sensitive financial information on Epicurus.
You will not tag users or send email invitations to non-users without their consent.
About Advertisements and Other Commercial Content Served or Enhanced by Epicurus
Our goal is to deliver ads that are not only valuable to advertisers, but also valuable to you. In order to do that, you agree to the following:
You can use ad blockers to limit how advertisements appear on your browser screen.
We do not give your content or information to advertisers without your consent.
You understand that we may not always identify paid services and communications as such.
Special Provisions Applicable to Advertisers
You can target your specific audience by buying ads on Epicurus or our publisher network. The following additional terms apply to you if you place an order through our online advertising portal (Order):
When you place an Order, you will tell us the type of advertising you want to buy, the amount you want to spend, and your bid. If we accept your Order, we will deliver your ads as inventory becomes available. When serving your ad, we do our best to deliver the ads to the audience you specify, although we cannot guarantee in every instance that your ad will reach its intended target.
In instances where we believe doing so will enhance the effectiveness of your advertising campaign, we may broaden the targeting criteria you specify.
You will pay for your Orders in accordance with our Payments Terms. The amount you owe will be calculated based on our tracking mechanisms.
Your ads will comply with our Advertising Guidelines.
We will determine the size, placement, and positioning of your ads based on the design layout of the site.
We do not guarantee the activity that your ads will receive, such as the number of clicks you will get.
We cannot control how people interact with your ads, and are not responsible for click fraud or other improper actions that affect the cost of running ads.
You can cancel your Order at any time through our online portal, but it may take up to 24 hours before the ad stops running.  You are responsible for paying for those ads.
Our license to run your ad will end when we have completed your Order. You understand, however, that if users have interacted with your ad, your ad may remain until the users delete it.
We can use your ads and related content and information for marketing or promotional purposes.
You will not issue any press release or make public statements about your relationship with Epicurus without written permission.
We may reject or remove any ad for any reason.
If you are placing ads on someone else’s behalf, we need to make sure you have permission to place those ads, including the following:
You warrant that you have the legal authority to bind the advertiser to this Statement.
You agree that if the advertiser you represent violates this Statement, we may hold you responsible for that violation.
Amendments
We can change this Statement if we provide you notice (by posting the change on the Epicurus Site Governance Page) and an opportunity to comment.  To get notice of any future changes to this Statement, visit our Epicurus Site Governance Page and become a fan.
For changes to some sections (relating to payments, application developers, website operators, and advertisers), we will give you a minimum of three days notice. For all other changes we will give you a minimum of seven days notice. All such comments must be made on the Epicurus Site Governance Page.
If more than 1,000 users comment on the proposed change, we will also give you the opportunity to participate in a vote in which you will be provided alternatives. The vote shall be binding on us if more than 30% of all active registered users as of the date of the notice vote.
We can make changes for legal or administrative reasons, or to correct an inaccurate statement, upon notice without opportunity to comment.
Termination
If you violate the letter or spirit of this Statement, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us, we can stop providing all or part of Epicurus to you. We will notify you by email or at the next time you attempt to access your account. You may also delete your account or disable your application at any time. In all such cases, this Statement shall terminate, but some provisions will still apply.
Disputes
You will resolve any claim, cause of action or dispute (claim) you have with us arising out of or relating to this Statement or Epicurus exclusively in a state or federal court located in Monmouth County. The laws of the State of New Jersey will govern this Statement, as well as any claim that might arise between you and us, without regard to conflict of law provisions. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Monmouth County, New Jersey for the purpose of litigating all such claims.
If anyone brings a claim against us related to your actions, content or information on Epicurus, you will indemnify and hold us harmless from and against all damages, losses, and expenses of any kind (including reasonable legal fees and costs) related to such claim.
WE TRY TO KEEP EPICURUS.COM UP, BUG-FREE, AND SAFE, BUT YOU USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE ARE PROVIDING EPICURUS.COM AS IS WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT EPICURUS.COM WILL BE SAFE OR SECURE. EPICURUS.COM IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS, CONTENT, INFORMATION, OR DATA OF THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU RELEASE US, OUR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS FROM ANY CLAIMS AND DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE §1542, WHICH SAYS: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS STATEMENT OR EPICURUS.COM, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS STATEMENT OR EPICURUS.COM WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH CASES, EPICURUS.COM’S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Special Provisions Applicable to Users Outside the United States
We strive to create a global community with consistent standards for everyone, but we also strive to respect local laws. The following provisions apply to users outside the United States:
You consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.
If you are located in a country embargoed by the United States, or are on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals you will not engage in commercial activities on Epicurus (such as advertising or payments) or operate a page, application or provide links to other sites you may own or operate.
Certain specific terms that apply only for German users.
Definitions
By Epicurus we mean the features and services we make available, including through (a) our website at https://www.epicurus.com/ and any other Epicurus branded or co-branded websites (including sub-domains, international versions, widgets, and mobile versions); (b) our Platform; (c) plugins such as recipes and other similar offerings and (d) other media, software (such as a toolbar), devices, or networks now existing or later developed.
By Platform we mean the core operating systems and services that enable others, including application developers and website operators, to retrieve data from Epicurus or provide data to us.
By information we mean facts and other information about you, including actions you take.
By content we mean anything you post on Epicurus that would not be included in the definition of information.
By data we mean content and information that third parties can retrieve from Epicurus or provide to Epicurus through Platform.
By post we mean post on Epicurus or otherwise make available to us (such as by using an application).
By use we mean use, copy, publicly perform or display, distribute, modify, translate, and create derivative works of.
By active registered user we mean a user who has logged into Epicurus at least once in the previous 30 days.
By application we mean any application or website that uses or accesses Platform, as well as anything else that receives or has received data from us.  If you no longer access Platform but have not deleted all data from us, the term application will apply until you delete the data.
Other
If you are a resident of or have your principal place of business in the US or Canada, this Statement is an agreement between you and The Epicurus Group.  References to “us,” “we,” and “our” mean either The Epicurus Group or Epicurus Publishing, as appropriate.
This Statement makes up the entire agreement between the parties regarding Epicurus, and supersedes any prior agreements.
If any portion of this Statement is found to be unenforceable, the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect.
If we fail to enforce any of this Statement, it will not be considered a waiver.
Any amendment to or waiver of this Statement must be made in writing and signed by us.
You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under this Statement to anyone else without our consent.
All of our rights and obligations under this Statement are freely assignable by us in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise.
Nothing in this Statement shall prevent us from complying with the law.
This Statement does not confer any third party beneficiary rights.
You will comply with all applicable laws when using or accessing Epicurus.
You may also want to review the following documents:
Privacy Policy: The Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect and use information.
Advertising: Epicurus Advertising provides you with an explanation of advertising space opportunities, rates and terms.
Our Address: https://www.epicurus.com
Copyright © 1996-[year] Epicurus.com
Search Epicurus.com
Support Autism
To find content in Epicurus.com, please use the search box found above on the right side.Thanks for dropping by! Please join us in supporting Autism Citizen, Inc., advocates for those with autism in a troubled world Donate today!.
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks