http://www.phipps.conservatory.org/policies
UPDATE: For the health and safety of our guests, Phipps will be closed from Sat., Dec. 12 through at least Sun., Jan. 3. The Shop at Phipps will remain open for in-person and online shopping during this time, and our Winter Flower Show Virtual Tour Video is available for rental or purchase for a safe at-home experience this holiday season. If you have purchased tickets for a visit between Sat., Dec. 12 – Sun., Jan. 3, you will receive further communication with us by email about your refund. Sign up for our Tree Free Email List for further updates.
Search
Buy Tickets
Plan Your Event
Membership
Shop
Donate
Visit and Explore
Visit
Hours and Admission
Directions and Parking
Guidelines and Accessibility
Guided and Group Tours
The Shop at Phipps
Café Phipps
Explore
Take Our Online Tour
Explore Our History
Plant Collections
Art Collections
Awards and Honors
What People Are Saying
Blog
#bioPGH
Glasshouse Happenings
Let’s Move Pittsburgh
Science Education
Weddings
View All >
Exhibits and Events
This Month
Winter Flower Show: Home for the Holidays
Virtual Stories with Santa
Virtual Explorers Academy
View All >
Next Month
Garden Railroad: Rails and Trails
Orchid and Tropical Bonsai Show: A Splash of Brilliance
Online Classes for Adults
Virtual Explorers Academy
View All >
Calendar
December
January
February
March
Historic Shows
2000 – Present
1980 – 1999
1960 – 1979
1940 – 1959
1920 – 1939
1893 – 1919
Classes and Programs
For Adults
Horticulture, Design and Natives
Floral Design
Botanical Art and Illustration
Gardening and Botanical Crafts
Culinary Arts
View All >
For Children
Phipps Virtual Explorers Academy
Discovery Programs
For Scouts
For Homeschoolers
For Educators
Field Trips and School Outreach
Phipps-to-Pre-School Outreach
The Fairchild Challenge
High School Internships
Teacher Advisory Committee
For Communities
Let's Move Pittsburgh
Homegrown
Sustainable Landcare Services
Biophilia Network
Green Innovation
At Phipps
Center for Sustainable Landscapes
Exhibit Staging Center
Nature Lab at Phipps
Horticulture and Operations
Healthy Food at Phipps
View All >
At Home
Easy Steps with Big Impact for Climate Change
Greener Gardening Guide
Top 10 Sustainable Plants
Sustainable Landcare Services
Ask Dr. Phipps
In the Community
Biophilia Network
Studio Phipps
Science Communication Fellowship
For the World
One Health One Planet™
Nature of Place Symposium
Climate Change
Green Workshops
Botany in Action
Research Institute
Buy Tickets
Plan Your Event
Membership
Shop
Donate
1.    Weapon Policy:
Guests at Phipps, whether visiting Phipps’ exhibitions or attending a private event at Phipps’ facilities, are not permitted to have guns or any other weapons in their possession. If it is determined that a guest has a weapon in his or her possession, the guest will be directed to leave the facility.
2.    Photography Policy:
Phipps Conservatory encourages photography and the use of video cameras for personal use only. Please reserve a room for private/commercial photo sessions (includes wedding and engagement photography, family portraits, modeling shoots and images to be used for resale in any form). Certain day/time restrictions apply when renting a space. Please contact the events department at 412/622-6915, ext. 6401 to check availability. Members of the news media should contact the marketing department at 412/622-6915, ext. 3801.
Tripod use: Tripods are prohibited at this time, but designated use hours are expected to return in the future.
Aerial photography: The City of Pittsburgh prohibits the operation of drones and other airborne objects within the vicinity of City parks and playgrounds, including the Phipps campus.
3.    Donor Privacy Policy:
Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens deeply respects the privacy of its donors and members. To protect this privacy and to ensure that philanthropy continues to merit the respect and trust of the general public as well as the full confidence of current and prospective donors and members, we have put the following Donor Privacy Policy in place to honor your rights.
Collection and Use of Information
Phipps may request and collect personal information such as name, address, phone number and e-mail address when a donor or member voluntarily provides it to us. This information comes to us in a variety of forms, including, but not limited to, pledge cards, membership applications, letters, and surveys, in writing, in person, by telephone or electronically.
Information collected is primarily used to communicate with donors and members about Phipps. In addition, Phipps maintains a record of each donor's giving history. This information is kept for IRS purposes and is also used by the Development and Accounting Departments to project giving and financial patterns.
Phipps collects credit card information only for the purpose of accepting donations and fulfilling membership requests. Please note that this information is not maintained in the donor's giving record.
Phipps honors the confidentiality of its donor and member records and does not make it a practice to sell or exchange mailing or e-mail addresses. Occasionally, Phipps will partner with other carefully selected non-profit cultural organizations in the local area and exchange portions of our respective member and donor lists for a one-time use, such as announcements of special events and programming.
Phipps will use its best efforts to comply with the wishes of donors and members who want their gifts to be recognized anonymously or those who wish not to receive our solicitations or be removed from our lists.
Security
Donor information is maintained in a database that requires employees to authenticate into the system by using a password. Only personnel that are directly involved in handling donor information have access to the system. Phipps educates its personnel in the importance of protecting the privacy and security of the confidential personal information of our donors and members.
For more information or questions, feel free to contact Greg DuFour, Director of Development at (412) 441-4442, extension, 3701 or via e-mail at gdufour@phipps.conservatory.org.
Show Your Support
You can help us today to care for our plants and facilities so we can continue to be the source of beauty and enrichment we have been for over 125 years.
Make Your Gift
Connect with Us
Subscribe to Our Email List More Info
Sign Up