http://www.bachpan.com/privacy_policy.aspx
English
Hindi
Tamil
Telugu
Bengali
Gujarati
Marathi
Punjabi
Malayalam
Kannada
Oriya
Urdu
Contact Us
Any questions?
info@bachpan.com
Any advert?
advertise@bachpan.com
Feedback
0
Home
Indian
By Type
Indian BabyNames (all)
Modern Indian Baby Names
Indian Boy Names
Indian Girl Names
Short and Sweet Indian Baby Names
Easy to Pronounce Indian Baby Names
Top 100 Indian Baby Names
Unisex Baby
Names
By Language
English
Hindi
Tamil
Telugu
Bengali
Gujarati
Marathi
Punjabi
Malayalam
Kannada
Oriya
Urdu
For Twins
Baby Names for Twins - (Boy/Boy)
Baby Names for Twins (Boy/Girl)
Baby Names for Twins (Girl/Girl)
Hindu
By Type
Hindu Baby
Names (all)
Modern Hindu
Baby Names
Hindu Boy Names
Hindu Girl Names
Short and Sweet Hindu Baby Names
Easy to Pronounce Hindu Baby Names
Top 100 Hindu Baby Names
Sanskrit
Baby Names
By Year
Latest Hindu Hindu Boy Names of 2020
Latest Hindu Hindu Girl Names of 2020
Latest Hindu Hindu Boy Names of 2019
Latest Hindu Hindu Girl Names of 2019
Latest Hindu Hindu Boy Names of 2018
Latest Hindu Hindu Girl Names of 2018
Latest Hindu Hindu Boy Names of 2017
Latest Hindu Hindu Girl Names of 2017
Latest Hindu Hindu Boy Names of 2016
Latest Hindu Hindu Girl Names of 2016
Latest Hindu Hindu Boy Names of 2015
Latest Hindu Hindu Girl Names of 2015
Trending Names
Trending Hindu Boy Names
Trending Hindu Girl Names
Sikh
By Type
Punjabi Baby
Names
Modern Sikh
Baby Names
Short and Sweet Sikh Baby Names
Easy to Pronounce Sikh Baby Names
Top 100 Sikh Baby Names
By Year
Latest Sikh Sikh Boy Names of 2020
Latest Sikh Sikh Girl Names of 2020
Trending Names
Trending Sikh Boy Names
Trending Sikh Girl Names
Muslim
By Type
Muslim Baby
Names
Modern Muslim
Baby Names
Short and Sweet Muslim Baby Names
Easy to Pronounce Muslim Baby Names
Top 100 Muslim Baby Names
By Year
Latest Muslim Muslim Boy Names of 2020
Latest Muslim Muslim Girl Names of 2020
Latest Muslim Muslim Boy Names of 2019
Latest Muslim Muslim Girl Names of 2019
Latest Muslim Muslim Boy Names of 2018
Latest Muslim Muslim Girl Names of 2018
Latest Muslim Muslim Boy Names of 2017
Latest Muslim Muslim Girl Names of 2017
Latest Muslim Muslim Boy Names of 2016
Latest Muslim Muslim Girl Names of 2016
Latest Muslim Muslim Boy Names of 2015
Latest Muslim Muslim Girl Names of 2015
Trending Names
Trending Muslim Boy Names
Trending Muslim Girl Names
Quaranic Names
Quranic Names
Different Names of Allah
By Region
By Different Language
English
Hindi
Tamil
Telugu
Bengali
Gujarati
Marathi
Punjabi
Malayalam
Kannada
Oriya
Urdu
By Rashi
Boy Names
Mesha Rashi (A, L, E, I, O)Vrishabha Rashi (B, V, U, W)Mithun Rashi (K, CHH, GH, Q, C)Karka Rashi (DD, H)Simha Rashi (M, TT)Kanya Rashi (P, TTHH)Tula Rashi (R, T)Vruschika Rashi (N, Y)Dhanu Rashi (BH, F, DH)Makar Rashi (KH, J)Kumbha Rashi (G, S, Sh)Meena Rashi (D, CH, Z, TH)
Girl Names
Mesha Rashi (A, L, E, I, O)Vrishabha Rashi (B, V, U, W)Mithun Rashi (K, CHH, GH, Q, C)Karka Rashi (DD, H)Simha Rashi (M, TT)Kanya Rashi (P, TTHH)Tula Rashi (R, T)Vruschika Rashi (N, Y)Dhanu Rashi (BH, F, DH)Makar Rashi (KH, J)Kumbha Rashi (G, S, Sh)Meena Rashi (D, CH, Z, TH)
Hindu Rashi Details
Hindu Birth Rashi List
Top 100 Baby Names by Rashi
Rashi Calculator / Finder
What is Rashi?
Find Rashi of a Name
By Nakshatra
Boy Names
Aswini Nakshatra (Chu, Che, Cho, La, Chay)Bharani Nakshatra (Lee, Lu, Le, Lo, Li)Krithika Nakshatra (A, Ee, U, EA, I, E)Rohini Nakshatra (O, BA, BI, BU, Vee, VA, VI, VU, Bee)Mrigashiras Nakshatra (Ve, Vo, Ka, Ki, Be, Bo)Arudra Nakshatra (Gha, Ng, Na, Chha, Ku, Kam)Punarvasu Nakshatra (Ke, Ko, Ha, Hi)Pushyami Nakshatra (Hu, He, Ho, Da)Ashlesha Nakshatra (Dee, Doo, Day, Do, Di, Du, De)Makha Nakshatra (Ma, Me, Mu, Mi)Poorva Phalguni Nakshatra (Mo, Ta, Ti, Te)Uttara Phalguni Nakshatra (To, Pa, Pi)Hastha Nakshatra (Pu, Poo, Sha, Tha)Chitra Nakshatra (Pe, Po, Ra, Ri)Swati Nakshatra (Ru, Re, Ro, Ta, Roo)Visakha Nakshatra (Te, Tu, Tae, To)Anuradha Nakshatra (Na, Nee, Noo, Nae, Ni, Nu, Ne)Jyeshta Nakshatra (No, Ya, Yi, U, Yu)Moola Nakshatra (Yo, Ye, Bhi, Bha, Bh)Purvashada Nakshatra (Bhu, Dha, Pha)Utharashada Nakshatra (Bhe, Bho, Ja, Ji)Sravana Nakshatra (Khi, Khee, Khu, Khe, Kho, Ju, Je, Jo)Dhanishta Nakshatra (Ga, Gi, Gu, Ge, Gee)Sathabisham Nakshatra (Go, Sa, Si, Su, S, See)Purvabhadra Nakshatra (Se, So, Da, Di)Uttarabhadra Nakshatra (Du, Tha, Jha, Tra)Revathi Nakshatra (De, Do, Cha, Chi)
Girl Names
Aswini Nakshatra (Chu, Che, Cho, La, Chay)Bharani Nakshatra (Lee, Lu, Le, Lo, Li)Krithika Nakshatra (A, Ee, U, EA, I, E)Rohini Nakshatra (O, BA, BI, BU, Vee, VA, VI, VU, Bee)Mrigashiras Nakshatra (Ve, Vo, Ka, Ki, Be, Bo)Arudra Nakshatra (Gha, Ng, Na, Chha, Ku, Kam)Punarvasu Nakshatra (Ke, Ko, Ha, Hi)Pushyami Nakshatra (Hu, He, Ho, Da)Ashlesha Nakshatra (Dee, Doo, Day, Do, Di, Du, De)Makha Nakshatra (Ma, Me, Mu, Mi)Poorva Phalguni Nakshatra (Mo, Ta, Ti, Te)Uttara Phalguni Nakshatra (To, Pa, Pi)Hastha Nakshatra (Pu, Poo, Sha, Tha)Chitra Nakshatra (Pe, Po, Ra, Ri)Swati Nakshatra (Ru, Re, Ro, Ta, Roo)Visakha Nakshatra (Te, Tu, Tae, To)Anuradha Nakshatra (Na, Nee, Noo, Nae, Ni, Nu, Ne)Jyeshta Nakshatra (No, Ya, Yi, U, Yu)Moola Nakshatra (Yo, Ye, Bhi, Bha, Bh)Purvashada Nakshatra (Bhu, Dha, Pha)Utharashada Nakshatra (Bhe, Bho, Ja, Ji)Sravana Nakshatra (Khi, Khee, Khu, Khe, Kho, Ju, Je, Jo)Dhanishta Nakshatra (Ga, Gi, Gu, Ge, Gee)Sathabisham Nakshatra (Go, Sa, Si, Su, S, See)Purvabhadra Nakshatra (Se, So, Da, Di)Uttarabhadra Nakshatra (Du, Tha, Jha, Tra)Revathi Nakshatra (De, Do, Cha, Chi)
Nakshatra Details
Nakshatra (Birth Star) List
Top 100 Baby Names by Nakshatra
Nakshatra Calculator / Finder
What is Nakshatra?
Find Nakshatra of a Name
By Numerology
Baby Names by Numerology
Indian Baby Names as per Numerology
Find Numerology of a Name
God/Goddess Names
God Names
ShivaGaneshKrishnaRamaMuruganIndraKuberVishnuHanumanBrahmaBuddhaMahavirVenkateshwaraAyyappanKartikeyaBalramKamdevArjunLakshman108 Names of Lord Ganesha108 Names of Lord Shiva108 Names of Lord Krishna108 Names of Lord Rama108 Names of Lord Vishnu108 Names of Lord Hanuman
Goddess Names
LakshmiParvatiSaraswatiSitaDurgaRadha108 Names of Goddess Durga
Mythological Names
Spiritual names for boysDifferent characters of Ramayana100 Kauravas NamesDifferent characters of MahabharatSpiritual names for girls
Baby Name Ideas
Baby Name Ideas
Inspired by AnimalsInspired by BirdsInspired by Body PartsInspired by Celebrities NamesInspired by ColoursInspired by Different time of a dayInspired by EmotionsInspired by FlowersInspired by Gemstones-OrnamentsInspired by Islamic NamesInspired by Miscellaneous IdeasInspired by MountainsInspired by MythologyInspired by NatureInspired by Personal QualitiesInspired by PlacesInspired by PlantsInspired by ProfessionsInspired by RelationshipsInspired by RiversInspired by Royal FamilyInspired by Seasons
www.bachpan.com Privacy Policy
Information Collection
Information Usage
Information Protection
Cookie Usage
3rd Party Disclosure
3rd Party Links
Google AdSense
Fair Information Practices
Fair information
Practices
COPPA
CalOPPA
Our Contact Information
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, fill out a form Feedback or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
• To improve our website in order to better serve you.
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
How do we protect visitor information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
We do not use an SSL certificate
• We do not need an SSL because:
We are not doing any financial transactions
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders .
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
• Remarketing with Google AdSense
• Google Display Network Impression Reporting
• Demographics and Interests Reporting
• DoubleClick Platform Integration
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Third-parties and Opt-Out :
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Third-parties may display interest-based advertising to you in applications or websites, based on your use of applications or websites over time and across non-affiliated apps.
Such third-parties may combine and use information from websites or applications on your current browser or device with information from your other browsers or devices for advertising purposes. To opt-out of such interest-based advertising and/or cross-device targeting, please use the methods provided below for opting out on each of your browsers and on each of your devices:
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) –
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) – http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Digital Advertising Alliance Canada (DAAC) – http://youradchoices.ca/choices
Digital Advertising Alliance EU (EDAA) – http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
Please note that opting out of interest-based advertising and cross-device targeting does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the third-party from which you have opted out of receiving interest-based advertising or cross-device targeting by using the methods provided above will no longer deliver ads tailored to your Web preferences and usage patterns on a particular web browser or device.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
• By emailing us
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
• Within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
EU user consent policy
Third party vendors, including Google, and other ad networks (exponential, Google AdX, PixFuture) use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website.
Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings. You can also check http://www.aboutads.info/ on how to opt out of third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising
If you are using other ad networks: Include their required disclosure policy
To EU Users: Please read our disclosure notice as part of our compliance to the EU user consent policy:
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. For more information on how Google uses data when you use our partner’ sites or apps, visit this link: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
GDPR
Exponential Interactive, Inc, as our partner, have a legitimate interest to collect and profile personal data
in the form of IP address and cookie ID from users on our website in order to provide targeted online
advertising and ad measurement. For more details including opt-out requests, access requests or
complaints, please review their privacy policy or contact their data protection officer via
privacy@exponential.com.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.bachpan.com
Yelahanka Newtown
Bangalore, KA 560064
India
info@bachpan.com
Last Edited on 2019-10-30
Download Bachpan App
40,000+ Names | 100+ Name Ideas | 20+ Categories | Ease of Use - Download Now!
info@bachpan.com
advertise@bachpan.com
Feedback
Feedback
Report a violation
Indian Baby Names
Indian Baby Names
Modern Indian Baby Names
100 Indian Baby Names
Baby Names for Twins
Unisex Indian Baby Names
Hindu Baby Names
Hindu Baby Names
Modern Hindu Baby Names
Top 100 Hindu Baby Names
Sanskrit Baby Names
Hindu Baby Girl Names
Muslim Baby Names
Muslim Baby Names
Modern Muslim Baby Names
Short and Sweet Muslim Baby Names
Muslim Baby Boy Names
Muslim Baby Girl Names
Names by Astrology
Baby Names by Rashi
Baby Names by Nakshatra
Rashi and Nakshatra
Calculator
Know your Rashi
Know your Nakshatra
Hindu God Names
Lord Ganesh Names
Lord Shiva Names
Lord Krishana Names
Lord Rama Names
Lord Vishnu Names
Hindu Goddess Names
Goddess Durga Names
Goddess Lakshmi Names
Goddess Sita Names
Goddess Parvati Names
Goddess Saraswati Names
Baby Name Ideas
Baby Names by 'Nature'
Baby Names by 'Rivers'
Baby Names by 'Birds'
Baby Names by 'Flowers'
Baby Names by 'Colors'
Copyright © 2020 Bachpan.com. All rights reserved.   Privacy Policy
Disclaimer