http://www.justapps.com/privacypolicy.html
Products
Support
News
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection and use of your information.
As we update and expand our products, this policy may change, so please refer back to it periodically.
By accessing our website or using our applications, you consent to our information practices.
What information do we collect?
Installed Software Applications
No data from our installed software applications is collected.
All installed software application data resides on the computer where the installed software application is installed.
Website
Anonymous data, contact data sent to use by our payment gateway for the purpose of digital goods purchase fulfillment,
and form data submitted for the purpose of setting up a trial account for a web application e.g. Members Boss Web
What do we use your information for?
Anonymous information that we collect from you during the use of our website will be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website or apps (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
Do we use cookies when you view our website?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors.
These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any website information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Your Consent
By using our website and applications, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 6/28/2017
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
help@justapps.com