http://www.ozarkdaylily.org/privacy.html
US Dollar
GB Pound
Euro
Canadian Dollar
PZloty
Japanese Yen
Swiss Franc
Swedish Krona
Australian Dollar
Brazilian Real
Chilean Peso
Colombian Peso
Czech Koruna
Danish Krone
Hong Kong Dollar
Forint
Rupiah
Indian Rupee
South Korean Won
Mexican Peso
Malaysian Ringgit
Norwegian Krone
New Zealand Dollar
Philippine Peso
Russian Ruble
Singapore Dollar
Baht
Turkish Lira
Taiwan Dollar
Rand
Shopping Cart (0 item(s) - $0.00 )
Log In
|
Create Account
Home
CenterpiecesParty FavorsPlace CardsTable Numbers Contact Us
Categories
Appointment Books & Planners
Books & Journals
Bow Ties
Centerpieces
Confetti
Decorations
Dolls, Toy Figures & Accessories
Drawings
Garlands & Decorative Banners
Gift Baskets
Gift Tags
Invitations
Labels
Learning & Education
Paintings
Paper
Party Favors
Party Hats & Masks
Pens & Pencils
Place Cards
Plushies & Stuffed Animals
Pretend Play
Prints
Puzzles
Ring Boxes
Table Numbers
Wall Stickers
New Products  [more]
Sage green necktie Sage green tie for wedding Sage green wedding ideas Tie for groomsmen sage green bow tie Green pocket square with necktie / Green mens tie / Green bow tie for men KT9qvL8N$81.97  $17.35Save: 79% off
Silver Gray and Black Honeycomb Bow Tie I8HMh8F9$87.81  $21.01Save: 76% off
Mens wooden bow tie with pocket square. Wood wedding bowtie. Wood bow tie. Wooden bow tie. H3y0D9ap$88.86  $25.98Save: 71% off
bow tie wood with pocket square. Wood wedding bowtie. Oak wood bow tie. Handmade wooden bow tie. Gif idea. Father gift idea. 0zzuYBwW$83.00  $22.00Save: 73% off
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy statement    The Privacy statement is dedicated to providing our customers having a secure web site to shop and can only gather the personal infomation that is essential to process your order. Our site assured that access to this information will be limited to the appropriate workers and will not be sold or given to any other company.a. information about purchase    When a site places a purchase over our web site, we will ask for your own payment method preference, charge card account number, expiration day, and card security code, title as it seems on your charge card, "bill to" address, shipping address, day time phone number, and e-mail address. You've got the option of conserving this information for future purchases. The information is kept in the form of the "cookie" in your pc. Cookies are text documents that are stored on your computer. Your browser ought to give you the option to refuse cookies. You cannot buy things on the website without your snacks enabled.b. information protection    We use snacks to store visitors preferences, report session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific info on what webpages users entry or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might constitute interest to them when they return to our site, report past activity at a site in order to have better service when visitors return to our site, personalize Web page content material based on guests' browser kind or other information that the visitor sends. Just about all cookies in use are extremely secure, and don't store extremely sensitive info, such as your charge card number. In addition, third party companies may be putting and reading cookies, or even using internet beacons to collect information, in the course of advertising or marketing their products on our web site.    Our site confident that the above personal information is actually transmitted over secure machines. This information is essential to properly process your order. Our systems restrict access to these details only to employees who may require it to process your order. To complete credit cards transaction, the actual pertinent charge card information is securely forwarded to the credit card processor for authorization.    If you have any questions of this privacy statement, please contact us.
Back
Home
Privacy Notice
Shipping & Returns
Site Map
Contact Us
Create Account
Copyright © 2012-2020 ozarkdaylily.org. Powered by Simple Bow Tie, Confetti Matching Various Themes, Convenient and Easy to Decorate Banner