http://www.arkansas.gov/policies/acceptable-use/
Home /
Acceptable Use
Acceptable Use
Accessibility Information
Act 1227 of 1999 required the Arkansas Department of Information Systems to develop Non-visual Standards for Arkansas that ensures the needs of Arkansans who are blind or visually impaired are met through reasonable accommodation in the information technology products and services of the state.  Information technology products and services include data, voice, and video technologies, as well as information dissemination methods such as the Internet. In essence, this means that Arkansas Government or state funded entities must have websites that are equally accessible to blind or visually impaired visitors.  For instance, websites must provided text equivalents for all non-text elements such as images, animation, audio and video.  We will make every effort to comply with these new guidelines on the State of Arkansas website. If you have trouble accessing or navigating state government pages, please contact info@ark.org. For more information about IT policies and standards in Arkansas, link to the State of Arkansas Accessibility Best Practices. For detailed information about web site development and accessibility issues, link to W3C Web Content Guidelines or the Center for Applied Special Technology (CAST).
Privacy Policy Information
Effective July 1, 2004, all state agencies and local government entities are required by Act 1713 of 2003 to provide standardized machine readable privacy policies on their websites in addition to human readable versions. This new requirement is commonly referred to as P3P which stands for the "Platform for Privacy Preferences Project".  These privacy policies are automatically interpreted by internet browsers to compare with a visitor's personal set of security preferences.  This allows a visitor to decide what private information will be recorded or saved by a particular website.
The following information outlines the three policies that have been adopted by the State of Arkansas. These policies have been reviewed by INA legal counsel and tested for compliance set forth within P3P standards from the W3C.  Agencies may use these policies or provide their own policy for conversion to a machine-readable format.  However, all policies must pass P3P validation to be compliant.  Which policy is used is solely dependent on the content or functionality of each web page.
Web Statistics Only Policy
Only click-stream data, HTTP protocol elements and search terms will be recorded.  This data will be used for completion and support of the current activity, website and system administration, and research and development.  Cookies are not used.
Data Collection Policy
In addition to the same information that is collected by the Web Statistics Only Policy, this policy also collects, at the user's option, transaction information such as contact information and demographic data.  This data will be used for completion and support of the current activity, website and system administration, research and development, and contacting visitors for marketing of services or products.  The user must opt-in (agree or decline) to this usage.  Cookies are used to track visitors and maintain information about the contents of a shopping cart. Cookies are optional.
Payment Collection Policy
In addition to the same information that is collected by the Web Statistics Only Policy, this policy also collects, at the user's option, transaction information such as contact information and demographic data.  This data will be used for completion and support of the current activity, website and system administration, research and development, and contacting visitors for marketing of services or products.  This policy also covers the recording of data required to process credit card, EFT or electronic checks through financial institutions.  This data includes contact information, demographic data and purchase information in order to deliver the product or service.  Depending on the service, this data may or may not be required.  Additionally, users must opt-in (agree or decline) to allow use the data for marketing purposes.  Cookies are used to complete the user's current activity and visitor targeting. Cookies are optional.
Security Statement
Security is the most important portion of customer service for any business or government entity conducting commerce on the Internet today. We take this issue very seriously. The Information Network of Arkansas (INA) utilizes Secured Socket Layer (SSL) protocol for Internet transaction security. This SSL protocol allows INA to deliver server authentication, data encryption and message integrity. Every step of the process, from the initial submission of data to the final settlement through the use of credit cards, has been built with the most advanced yet user-friendly security features available.
Acceptable Use and Linking Policy
The Arkansas.gov web portal is maintained by INA, the Information Network of Arkansas. Individual state agency websites are maintained by each agency's staff.
In the course of providing informational resources, INA and state agencies may include links to external websites created and maintained by organizations other than the State of Arkansas or INA.
Links may be added by INA if it determines that the link will be consistent with the purpose of the Arkansas.gov web portal, which is to provide a public service to citizens and businesses by:
expanding business and citizen access to government services and government information;
offering an easy and convenient process to conduct transactions with state government online;
improving the level of customer service from state government; extending electronic government services to citizens of cities and county government; providing a comprehensive informational resource about services and functions related to state government.
INA will provide links to federal, state, and local government websites and educational institutions that provide information or services related to topics covered on the Arkansas.gov web portal or that users of the Arkansas.gov site may find of interest. INA may, at its discretion, provide links to websites of non-profit organizations and private or commercial entities if they offer information or services related to topics covered on the Arkansas.gov website, and are consistent with the purpose of the Arkansas.gov website. All requests for links to non-governmental sites will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.
INA will determine whether the external website fits with the purpose of the Arkansas.gov web portal and where the link should be placed within the Arkansas.gov web portal's content structure. Links may be removed or replaced at the discretion of INA, at any time and without notice.
Links to sites containing the following types of content are not considered appropriate to the Arkansas.gov web portal:
Sites that exhibit hate, bias, discrimination, pornography, libelous or otherwise defamatory content;
Affiliation or advocacy of a political party, organization, or candidate running for office;
Content not suitable for readers or viewers of all ages;
Content that infringes on any trademark, copyright, or patent rights of another;
Content that a reasonable citizen may not consider to maintain the dignity and decorum appropriate for government.
Request a Link
Link requests will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis. To request a link on the Arkansas.gov portal, please email info@ark.org. To request a link on a state agency website, please contact the relevant agency directly.
Linking to Arkansas.gov
Linking to the Arkansas.gov web portal or Arkansas state agency websites is permitted with the following limitations:
You may not capture Arkansas.gov pages within frames or present Arkansas.gov content as your own.
You may not state or imply that the State of Arkansas, INA, or Arkansas.gov is endorsing your product, site, or services.
INA and the State of Arkansas cannot guarantee reciprocal links on any Arkansas.gov website (see Linking Policy above).
Disclaimer
Visitors to external websites are advised to check the privacy statements of those sites and be cautious about providing personally identifiable information without a clear understanding of how the information will be used. Neither the State of Arkansas nor INA is responsible for the content of those websites. Links to non-governmental sites are provided as informational resources only. A link from Arkansas.gov does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or favoring of any specific commercial product, viewpoint, or service referenced on those external websites.
The State of Arkansas and INA make every effort to ensure that published information is accurate and current. Neither the State of Arkansas, nor any agency, officer, or employee of the State of Arkansas warrants the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published on the Arkansas.gov website, nor endorses any products or services linked from this system, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information. Portions of the information may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this system does so at their own risk.
Arkansas.gov GovPay
An Arkansas.gov GovPay account provides convenient, secure storage of banking and credit card information for online purchase of goods and services with participating state/local government entities.  Arkansas.gov GovPay uses advanced encryption methods to protect identity and private information of all transactions.  No stored account information will be released to any outside source. All account holders have immediate access to stored information with the ability to add, edit or delete accounts at any time.  Unless otherwise indicated, Arkansas.gov GovPay accounts are optional and not are required to complete online transactions.
Legal Notices
Any trademarks that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Arkansas.gov.
Arkansas.gov respects the rights of all copyright holders, and therefore, Arkansas.gov has adopted and implemented a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of users and account holders who infringe the rights of copyright holders.
If you believe that any material contained on the AIC site Arkansas.gov infringes your copyright or other intellectual property rights, you may notify AIC of your copyright infringement claim in accordance with the following procedure. AIC will process notices of alleged infringement which it receives, and may take action as authorized by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and/or other applicable intellectual property laws if it has the ability to do so. The DMCA requires that notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to this Site's Designated Agent:</span>
By mail:
AIC DMCA Agent
c/o Stinson Leonard Street>
Stinson IP Administrator, 1201 Walnut, Suite 2900, Kansas City, MO 64106
By phone:
816-842-8600
By fax:
816-691-3495
By email:
DMCA@stinsonleonard.com
To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information (DMCA, 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3)):
Physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and that is sought to be removed or access to which is sought to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the location of the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
E-mails sent to DMCA@stinsonleonard.com for purposes other than communication about copyright claims may not be acknowledged or responded to.