http://www.oregongarden.org/privacy-policy
Visit
Hours & Pricing
FAQ
Directions
Group Admission
Photography
About
Gardens
Events
Weddings
Donate
Volunteer
Current Volunteers
New Volunteers
Volunteer Groups
Membership
Education
Visit
Hours & Pricing
FAQ
Directions
Group Admission
Photography
About
Gardens
Events
Weddings
Donate
Volunteer
Current Volunteers
New Volunteers
Volunteer Groups
Membership
Education
Oregon Garden respects your right to privacy. We are committed to preserving your privacy and safeguarding your sensitive information. This policy describes the general information-gathering and usage practices of our site. This policy also describes other important topics relating to your privacy.
It is the Oregon Garden policy to comply with all applicable privacy and data protection laws. This commitment reflects the value we place on earning and keeping the trust of our staff, contractors, Internet service providers, customers, business partners and others who share their personal information with us.
This Oregon Garden Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes how www.OregonGarden.org protects your privacy when we collect personal information on our Internet site. As used in this Policy, the term “personal information” means information that identifies you personally, such as name, address, telephone number, email address, et cetera. As used in this Policy, the term “aggregate information” means non-personally identifiable/anonymous information about visitors, including but not limited to age, gender, frequency of visits to the Site, Site pages most frequently accessed, search terms entered, browser type, IP address, et cetera. Aggregate information is reviewed and analyzed on a collective basis and will not be linked to the identity of any individual person.
This Policy applies, in general, to the Internet site, www.OregonGarden.org (the “Site”). By accessing our Site, you agree to be bound by the Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use this Site. Each time you use this Site, the current version of the Policy will apply.
Information Collected on the Site and How It May Be Used
When you access and use the Site, there are 3 ways we may collect information about you:
1. Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser
Oregon Garden collects information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. This information typically includes the IP address of your Internet service provider, the name of your operating system (such as Macintosh or Windows) and the name and version of your browser (such as Internet Explorer or Netscape). The information we receive depends on the settings on your web browser. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.
The information provided by your browser is aggregate information and does not identify you personally. We use this information to create statistics that help us improve our Site and make it more compatible with the technology used by our Internet visitors.
2. Information Collected By Placing a “Cookie” On Your Computer
Oregon Garden may obtain information about you by installing a “tag” on your computer’s hard drive. This tag is known as a “cookie.” The Site uses “session cookies.” A session cookie is used to tag your computer with a computer-generated, unique identifier when you access our Site. A session cookie does not identify you personally and expires after you close your browser. We use session cookies to collect statistical information about the ways visitors use our Site—which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page. We analyze this information (known as “clickstream data”) in statistical form to better understand our visitors’ interests and needs to improve the content and functionality of our Site.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. Although you are not required to accept cookies when you visit the Site, you may be unable to use all of the functionality of the Site if your browser rejects our cookies.
3. Information You Knowingly and Voluntarily Provide
Oregon Garden collects information you knowingly and voluntarily provide when you use the Site, for example, the information you provide such as auto-completion of commonly used forms; when you sign up to receive email from us; when you complete a survey; or when you ask us a question or email us with feedback. In many cases this information will be personal information. Oregon Garden uses this information for the purposes for which you provide it. For example, if you provide your email address when you sign up to receive email alerts, we use your email address to deliver the email alerts you request.
We also may use the information we collect on the Site for various business purposes such as customer service, fraud prevention, market research, improving our services, and providing you with information and offers we believe may be of interest to you. We also may remove personal information from our files and use the aggregate information for historical, statistical or scientific purposes.
Sharing/Disclosing Personal Information and Aggregate Information
Oregon Garden may share, transfer or disclose your personal information collected on the Site to affiliates and other entities related to Oregon Garden. Oregon Garden may share, sell, transfer or otherwise disclose your personal information collected on the Site to third parties unrelated to Oregon Garden, including charitable organizations, so these third parties can contact you for marketing and promotional purposes.
In addition, Oregon Garden may share or transfer your personal information: (i) to comply with a legal requirement or court order; (ii) to investigate a possible crime, such as identity theft; (iii) in connection with the sale, purchase, merger, reorganization, liquidation or dissolution of Oregon Garden; or (iv) when we believe it is appropriate to do so to protect the rights, property, or safety of Oregon Garden or other persons.
Finally, we may share, disclose or sell aggregate information gathered on our Site with third parties, partners and advertisers. This aggregate information will not be linked to the identity of any individual person.
Security of Personal Information
Oregon Garden maintains reasonable safeguards to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of your personal information. Although we use security measures to help protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure, misuse or alteration, as is the case with all computer networks linked to the Internet, we cannot guarantee the security of information provided over the Internet and will not be responsible for breaches of security. IN NO EVENT WILL OREGON GARDEN ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THIS SITE BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS, USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OR PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE (INCLUDING LOSS PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, AND DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM INACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR INCONVENIENCE, DELAY, OR LOSS OF THE USE OF THE SITE). THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS APPLY WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF OREGON GARDEN OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Links to Third Party Internet Sites
The Site may contain links to Internet sites that are not operated by Oregon Garden, these links are provided as a service and do not imply any endorsement of the activities or content of these sites, nor any association with their operators. Oregon Garden does not control these Internet sites and is not responsible for their content, security, or privacy practices. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on web sites you visit before using the site or providing personal information.
Access to Personal Information/Opt-Out
If you no longer desire our services and want to have your personal information removed from our database or if you no longer want to receive promotional or marketing emails from us, please contact us at Oregon Garden, Internet Privacy Policy, c/o Garden Resort LLC, 895 W. Main Street, Silverton, OR 97381. If you do not wish to have your personal information collected at our Site shared with third parties unrelated to Oregon Garden, you can have your name placed on a “do-not-share” list by sending a request to: Oregon Garden, Internet Privacy Policy, c/o Garden Resort LLC, 895 W. Main Street, Silverton, OR 97381.
Retention of Personal Information
Unless you request otherwise, Oregon Garden retains the personal information collected on the Site as long as necessary to provide the services, products and information you request or as permitted by applicable law.
Children and Parents
The Site is not directed to children under 13 years of age. Oregon Garden does not knowingly solicit or collect personal information on the Site from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that a visitor is under the age of 13 and has provided personal information without prior verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her personal information from our files.
If you become aware that your child under the age of 13 has submitted personal information and you would like to request that such information be deleted from our records, you may do so by clicking on this feedback link or by writing to us at Oregon Garden, Internet Privacy Policy, c/o Garden Resort LLC, 895 W. Main Street, Silverton, OR 97381.
Questions about this Policy
If you have any questions about this Policy or our use of your personal information, please contact us by clicking on this feedback link or write to us at Oregon Garden BrewCamp, Internet Privacy Policy, c/o Garden Resort LLC, 895 W. Main Street, Silverton, OR 97381.
Changes to this Policy
Oregon Garden reserves the right to update or modify this Policy, at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Policy on our Site. If we modify this Policy, the modifications will only apply to the personal information we collect after we have posted the revised Policy on the Site.
HOURS Wednesday – Sunday 10am – 3pm
The Garden is pet-friendly!
NOTICE OF ACCESSIBILITY
ADMISSION Adults: $8
Seniors (60+): $6
Students (12-17): $5
Children (5-11): $2
Children (4 & under): FREE
Members: FREE
CONTACT INFORMATION
879 W. Main St.
Silverton, OR 97381 (503) 874-2535
apennell@oregongardenfoundation.org
OREGON GARDEN NEWS
The Oregon Garden Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2018
This site uses cookies, see our Privacy Policy for more information.
Start typing and press Enter to search