https://www.greatdad.com/privacy-policy
Welcome Back!
User Name
Password
Not Registered?
Tell us a little about yourself.
My child’s birthday is (for newsletter customization):
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
Enter an email address:
This is where your newsletters will be delivered to and
where GreatDad.com will contact you with your new
account information.
Please enter your email address
Bookmark Us|  GreatDad.com is the only online parenting resource with dad's point of view. Because dads dont always think like moms. Dad
Celebrities
Gay Dads
Sex
Single Dads
Pregnancy
Labor or Delivery
Pregnant Wife
Baby
Baby Naming
Feeding
Sleep
Toilet Training
Kids
Teens
Activities
Local
By Age
Movie Reviews
Celebrations
Toys
We Recommend
Toys
GreatDad Blog
Forum
Login
GreatDad Privacy Policy
At GreatDad.com we appreciate your readership and value your personal privacy. We respect the personal nature of the information you provide us on our web site and acknowledge the importance of protecting this information. In adopting this privacy policy, our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using your personal information with your reasonable expectations of privacy. The policy may be revised or updated at any time and we encourage you to check back often to ensure that you are familiar with the most recent version and the terms of our policy.
When does GreatDad.com collect my personal information?
You may provide personal information to GreatDad.com in one of three ways: (1) by sharing your e-mail address and requesting newsletter updates, (2) by sharing personal information when you provide tips to us, or (3) by sharing personal information when you post comments on our posts or stories. We may also ask for other information at other times but at no time will you be required to share any personal information to gain complete access to our site. In addition to personal information—such as name, street and e-mail addresses, and telephone numbers—we may also collect information that is in no way personally identifiable. This may include the operating system you are working on, the internet browser you are using, the domain name of your internet service provider, and the web sites you visit directly before and after your visit to GreatDad.com.
How does GreatDad.com use my personal information?
The more we know about you, the better we are able to customize our web site to suit your personal preferences and interests. The e-mail address you provide may be used by GreatDad.com for any reason, such as contacting you for editorial purposes or to advise you of any changes to our site. We may also, from time to time, send you messages about our marketing partners’ products. To maintain a site that is free of charge and does not require registration, we display advertisements on our web site. We also use the information you give us to help our advertisers target the audience they want to reach. At no time does any party other than GreatDad.com have access to your personally identifiable information, and you will never be contacted by any party other than GreatDad.com. The only exceptions to the foregoing are that we may disclose personally identifiable information (i) in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or subpoena, (ii) in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take actions regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of another person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law, or (iii) in the event we are acquired by or merged with another company. When you sign up for our updates or receive e-mail messages from GreatDad.com, you will always be given the chance to opt-out of special offers and site updates. You may change your preferences at any time and will only be contacted in manners consistent with your stated preferences. Non-personally identifiable information (such as stated above) may be shared in aggregate form with our advertisers or marketing partners but your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed to them.
Who else has access to my personal information?
The ads appearing on GreatDad.com are delivered to you by our Web advertising partners. Information about your visit to this site, such as number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to you on this site. And, in the course of serving advertisements to this site, third party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. We also monitor certain pages of our web site for the purpose of reporting website traffic, statistics, advertisement \’click-throughs\’, and/or other activities on our web site. We may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our web site visitors. No personally identifiable information is collected or transferred. Third parties and web sites that have links on our site may also collect or use information about you. The information practices of other companies or people that GreatDad.com does not employ or manage are not covered by this privacy statement.
Is there anything else I should know about my privacy and GreatDad.com?
Any information you disclose voluntarily on our comments pages or in any forums we may develop in the future becomes public information. We cannot control the actions of our site users and advise you to use your discretion in sharing information about yourself on the Internet. All information sharing is optional and done so at your own risk. Privacy is a very personal matter and we encourage you to be careful and responsible when disclosing personal information online.
GreatDad.com will place cookies only into the browsers of registers users, when they log in.  GreatDad.com will not place any hidden cookies or those from other domains. Registered Users’ IP addresses and other data provided in the registration page (as listed on the user profile page) will be stored to enhance the user experience.
GreatDad.com also collects Log Data from all users, including non-registered users, who visit the GreatDad.com website.   This Log Data includes information such as your computer’s IP address, referring HTTP location, current HTTP location, search string, time of access and other statistics. Non-registered Users’ IP addresses will not be stored, archived, used, nor shared, other than on standard Internet web server logs, through anti-spam prevention measures, and third-party analytics software such as Google Analytics or ad serving systems such as Doubleclick.  We maintain this data for one month to help provide better services for our users and to help our advertisers understand our users.
If you prefer not to receive interest based content and ads, you can opt-out by using the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out tool here.
On this page, you can examine your computer to identify those member companies that have placed an advertising cookie file on your computer. Opting out of a network does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the network from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your Web preferences and usage patterns.
This Network Advertising Initiative opt-out tool does not cover the collection of Log Data for the purpose of providing our Market Research Services (though no ads are sent to you in connection with such services).
Additionally, you may also opt-out of cookies entirely by setting your browser preferences to NOT accept 3rd party cookies. Visit the links below for instructions on how to adjust your browser settings:
Internet Explorer 7.x and Internet Explorer 6.x:http://support.microsoft.com/kb/283185
Netscape and Firefox: http://www.mozilla.org/support/firefox/options#privacy
Safari: http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/3.0/en/9277.html
(revised 2009)
All mailing lists and deliveries are opt-in, and any subscriber can opt-out by following the instructions on the appropriate page or by emailing webmaster@greatdad.com.  GreatDad.com will comply with all opt-outs within 48 hours of its having been received, and will comply with the terms of this privacy policy.  Unsuccessful attempts at opt-outs should be addressed to:  @GreatDad.com
SIGN-UP TODAY to receive the only baby newsletter written by dads, for dads. Act now and receive a free copy of the popular GreatDad E-Book!
My baby's due date or birthday :
what's near here
Recent articles
Kids Birthday Party – Top Tips for Throwing a Great Event
How to design the perfect home office
How to build a treehouse for your kids
Changes to expect as your dog gets older
How dads can ease the quarantine blues
ages
stages
Pregnancy
Baby
Toddler
Little Kids
Tweens
Teens
Pregnancy Articles (10)
Dad TV
contributors
Al Wong
Armin Brott
Bill Bounds
Chris Illuminati
Dan Olschwang
Diep Nguyen MD
Dr. Alan Greene
Dr. Craig Bissinger
Dr. D. Preston Smith
Dr. Howard Bennett
Dr. Paul Arnold
Dr.Shawn Tassone
George Jacobs Ph.D. and Wan Loh Inn Ed.D.
Great Dad
Gregory E. Lang
Harry H. Harrison Jr.
Jim Silver
Joe Kelly
Lawrence Cohen PhD
Michael Gurian
Peter Favaro
Richard Greenberg
SingleEdition.com Writers
Tony Rubino and Gary Markstein
W. Grant Eppler
Al Wong
Prepaid cards for teens: the pros and cons
By Al Wong
Having a solid understanding of personal finance is crucial for adults, but many parents overlook the importance of teaching these tenets to their children. Teenagers are in a particularly delicate time of their life where understanding the basics of budgeting, spending, and saving is essential to their
>more
> See more articles
Become a contributor!
Resources
Age Groups
We Recommend
Press Center
Forum
Contests
GreatDad Blog
Polls
Login
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Link / Legal Link
©2020 GreatDad