https://www.unr.edu/privacy
The following policy describes the information gathering and dissemination practices for the University of Nevada, Reno's main website, all sites in the unr.edu domain, and other affiliated University websites/domains.
Information gathering and cookies
The University of Nevada, Reno uses cookies and server log information to track user activity on the unr.edu website. This information includes, but is not limited to:
Usage levels of specific areas of our site.
Origin of our site's audience.
Browser and operating system of site visitors.
We do not associate IP addresses to individuals. As such, visitor sessions will be tracked, but visitors will remain anonymous.
By using the University of Nevada, Reno website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Information Provided Voluntarily
In the course of using University of Nevada, Reno's website, you may choose to provide information to us through Web forms, email or other electronic means. Any personally identifiable information you submit will be used only for the purpose(s) indicated. Requests for information will be directed to the appropriate staff to respond to the request, and may be recorded to help us improve our site to better respond to similar requests.
Use of information
The University of Nevada, Reno Web Management Team and maintainers of University sites use the information described above to tailor content to visitors; ensure broad access to our site, regardless of software; monitor site performance and generate aggregate statistical reports. At no time do we disclose site usage by individual IP addresses.
The University of Nevada, Reno will not sell, exchange or otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information without your consent, except to the extent required by law. Each webpage requesting information discloses the purpose of that information. Persons not wishing to have submitted information used in that manner, are not required to provide it.
Please contact the person listed on the specific page or listed below, with questions or concerns regarding the use of personally identifiable information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of data collected. University websites are expected to adopt security measures appropriate for their data collection practices.
External links
University of Nevada, Reno website gateway contains links to sites outside the www.unr.edu domain. The University is not responsible for the privacy practices of these websites.