http://www.romwell.com/info/privacy.shtml
Home
About Us
Services
Pages
Education Pages
Entertainment
Fairy Tales Collection
Craft Pages
Humor Pages
Treasury of Quotations
Business
Business Guide
How to Begin
Your Options
Market Research
Financial Picture
Your Products or Service
Using the Professionals
Business Tips
Health
Health Info
Alcoholism Treatments
Arthritis
Bad Breath
Breast Feeding
Children Health
Cholesterol
Constipation
Diabetes
Heart Disease
Health Site Map
Travel
Travel Advisory
Destinations Guide
Travel Info
City Guide
Transportations
Attractions Info
Travel Tips
Sports & Outdoors
Budget Travel
Travel Site Map
Cooking
Romwell Cookbook
Appetizers
Salads
Soups, Stews & Chili
Meat Dishes
Vegetarian Diet
Healthy Eating
Special Dishes
Desserts & Sweets
Drinks & Beverages
Info
Info Page
Privacy Statement
RomWell Video Channel
Romwell Blog
RomWell Twitter
Contact
References
Site Map
Privacy Policy
We are committed to respecting your privacy. Please review our statement!
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
RomWell is committed to respecting your privacy. Please take the time to review our Privacy Policy statement.
Our company will never release database with personal information about our clients for unsolicited advertising, or any other purposes. RomWell.com does not employ the use of cookies to track or gather information about our visitors, but we do use your domain information to gather broad demographic information about who is visiting our web site.
Personal Information Collected on this Website
No personal information is collected on this website from visitors who browse for information provided on our website.
The only personal information collected on this website is gathered on our "contact us" form, and other special request forms. RomWell form fields are provided so that users can submit questions or comments and provide contact information including name, email address, phone number, their website address etc. In our forms, individuals seeking information provide requested information and we collect this personal information so that we can respond to these inquiries, comments, and questions.You do not need to disclose any personal information to RomWell if you don't want to do it, however, we may be unable to respond or take appropriate action if your information is incomplete.
We keep all personal information about our clients and consumers in a secure server that is only accessible to our employees.
We may share information submitted by our clients or consumers with member companies or other third parties to help resolve users’ requests or complaints. We also may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, including by search warrant, subpoena, or court order.
Non-Personally Identifiable Data Collected on this Website
Non-personally identifiable information (or any other anonymous data) collected on this website is not merged with any of the personal information collected via our contact form or special request forms on our website.
We collect and store in server logs various non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to IP address, the date and time of visits, operating system used, browser type, time spent viewing the site, the pages visited on our site, and return visits to our website. We also use Google Analytics, a service that records non-personally identifiable data such as: browser type, the date and time of a visit, operating system used, where site visitors came from, the pages visited on our website, the time spent viewing site, return visits to the site, and where visitors went when they left the site.
We aggregate non-personally identifiable data to better understand how visitors use our site, and to help maintain, manage, and report on use of our site. We store IP addresses for fraud detection and prevention purposes.
We may share this non-personally identifiable data with third parties for the limited purpose of reporting on use of our website, or to comply with applicable law. We also may share this data with our service providers.
We do not rent, sell or share any non-personally identifiable data collected on this website with third parties for marketing purposes.
Cookies
This website does not employ the use of cookies to track or gather information about our visitors. Cookies are small text files created by a web server,
delivered through your web browser, and stored on your computer.
You have the ability to manage the use of cookies on your computer using controls in your browser. To learn more about how to manage cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Alternatively, you can opt out of some third-party vendors’ uses of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.
For additional details regarding cookie consent notices, please refer to cookiechoices.org.
RomWell receives a commission for advertising and some purchases you make on our partner sites. Our partners and affiliates in e-commerce may use cookies and forms to gather information about you while visiting their sites. They are expected to protect your privacy to the same extent that we do.
Third Party Content, Links, and Plug-ins
This site contains links to other websites not owned by RomWell. <>Although this site contains a variety of links to outside sites and we try to review and monitor their privacy policy, please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those, or any other, sites. We cannot guarantee their compliance or be responsible for the behavior of these linked sites when and if you access links outside of our site. If you have questions about how those websites collect and use data, you should carefully read those sites’ privacy policies.
This site offer you the ability to interact with social plugins from social media sites, such as Facebook (www.facebook.com), Instagram (www.instagram.com), Linkedin (www.linkedin.com), Pinterest (www.pinterest.com), Twitter (www.twitter.com), and other social media sites.
The social media sites may receive data when you visit their website. Also, if you have previously provided personally identifiable information to a third-party operating a plug-in on this website, then this third-party may recognize you on this website. Your use of social network plugins is subject to each social media site’s privacy policy, which may be different from ours, so please read these policies carefully to understand their policies and your options. As with linked sites, RomWell has no control over the information that is collected, stored, or used by social networks and their plugins.
Using Our Website and Changes to Our Privacy Policy
By using our site, you signify that you agree to this Privacy Policy statement. If you do not agree to our Privacy Policy please do not use this site. We're reserving the right to make changes and updates to our Privacy Policy at any time, so check back regularly for updates.
Disclaimer & Terms of Use