http://www.nightsandweekends.com/privacy/
Reviews of movies, books, music, and board games
SEARCH
IN
ALL
ON FILM
BOOKS
RPM MUSIC
INSTANT
GAMES
COLUMNS
HOME
COLUMNS
COVER TO COVER
GAMES
INSTANT GRATIFICATION
ON FILM
RPM MUSIC
WEEKEND REMINDER
STORE
POSTERS
BLOG
Privacy Policy
Unless you consent, we will not use your personal information for any purpose other than that
for which it is submitted.
Statistics
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the domain name
for statistics purposes (the Webalizer). Unless you
submit it, We do not capture the e-mail of visitors to our Web page.
Cookies
Nights and Weekends may use cookies to improve your web browsing experience. Nights and Weekends
may assign a unique code to your computer broswer for tracking (commonly called cookies). No
personal information will be tracked. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but
you can usually change your browser to prevent that use if you desire.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies
may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number)
about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your
choices about not having this information used by these companies,
click here.
Future
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this page so that
you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what
circumstances we disclose it.
Complaints
If you have any complaints or concerns about Nights and Weekends compliance with
this privacy policy, you may contact us at kdk@nightsandweekends.com.
Submissions
Contributors
Advertise
About Us
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy
Links
Awards
Request Review
Contributor Login
© Copyright 2002 - 2020 NightsAndWeekends.com. All rights reserved.