http://www.interiordezine.com/info/our-privacy-policy/
You are here:
Home » Site Information » Our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy tells you how we collect information when you visit this site and what we do with it.
We may ask you for personal information such as your name, address, e-mail address, occupation, hobbies and other details.
Providing us with your personal information will help us to provide you with personalised content, or let you know about products and services that we think you would like to hear about.
When you choose to give us personal information that we or our business partners or associates may request, we will try and tell you how we will use that information.
You can access your personal information at any time to update, correct, add or delete any of the information you have shared with us.
Personal information automatically retrieved, such as site browsing patterns or purchasing patterns will only be used in aggregate form so that individuals are not identified.
The only exception where your personal information might be disclosed to third parties is where you enter a competition or register for any promotional feature through this site. In that case, information about you may be provided to advertisers for marketing purposes. However, you will be given the option at the time of entering the competition, or registering for the feature, to decline from receiving further information or further contact with us or the advertiser.
We may be required by law to disclose information you provide. We will only make the disclosure if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so.
Note that this site contains links to other sites not controlled by us. Those sites may not follow the same privacy policy as we do.
We have teamed with others to provide our customers with enhanced internet services. In providing those services, our business associates or affiliates may also request personal information. We prohibit our associates/affiliates from selling or giving away our client information and we require them to have a posted privacy policy so that you may review it before providing personal information to them.
We may set and access cookie files on your computer to allow us to collect information about your browsing patterns. You can configure your computer not to accept cookies, however this may mean that the access speed of your browser suffers as a result.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
* Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
* Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time.
If you have any queries or concerns please e-mail chris at interiordezine.com We will ensure a prompt reply.
Share this:ShareLinkedInFacebookTwitterLike this:Like Loading...
Primary Sidebar
Search for:
Search
Find Topics HereHome Interiordezine.com
Bathroom Design
Bedroom Design
Color for Interiors
Curtain Styles & Window Ideas
Design Articles
Design Definitions
Design Tips
Dining Rooms
Fittings
Free Downloads
Home Lighting
Interior Design Finishes
Interior Design Education
Kitchen Design
Living Rooms
Makeovers
Modern Furniture Designers
Stairs
Styles and Periods
Blogroll
Interior Design Blog
Interiordezine.com Network Sites
Interiordezine.com on Youtube.com
Professional Interior Designer
Design BlogLoving the Job? If not - Get out!As an Interior Designer, do I Need a Pinterest Account?Should we put Color Back in the Bathroom?Follow Lee Brown on Twitter Tweets by Lee Brown int3riordeziner
Footer WidgetsAbout the Founders – Lee Brown & Chris Brown Lee and Chris Brown are the co founders of interiordezine.com, they have worked in the Interior Design Industry for over 26 years, specializing in commercial, hospitality, high-end architectural homes and retail design. Over the past 17 years, Lee and Chris Brown have been collating their wealth of design knowledge to provide free interior decorating education to the world. Make sure you register for your free course today.
Free Interior Decorating Course
Corporate:Company Profile | Contact Us | Advertise with Interiordezine.com
Media Kit: YouTube is Closing the Curtains on Interiors | Free On-line Interior Decoration Course All Rights Reserved. Users of this site agree to be bound by the terms of the Interiordezine.com Web Site Rules and Regulations. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright © 2020 Dezine Holdings Ltd.
%d bloggers like this: