https://www.tastemakermag.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to main content
Last updated: 20 December 2018
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the Tastemaker Mag website (the “Service”) operated by Tastemaker Mag (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by Tastemaker Mag.
Tastemaker Mag has no control over and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that [wpautoterms company_name] shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Netherlands without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Search for:
Popular
Recent
Popular Posts
How to Choose High-Quality Cookware for Your Kitchen
July 17, 2020
Korean Noodles with Beef
January 30, 2018
Breville BBM800XL Bread Machine Review
January 31, 2018
Best Japanese Rice Cookers
February 3, 2018
Best Non Belgium Waffle Makers
February 10, 2018
Cooking Healthy Meals With A Slow CookerRecipes
Chocolate Banana PancakesRecipes
Slow Cooker Beef with Root VegetablesRecipes
Toffee Chip CookiesRecipes
Korean Noodles with BeefRecipes
Grilled Jamaican SalmonRecipes
Kick-In-The-Pant Barbecue WingsRecipes
Homemade Barley Bread RecipeRecipes
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings