http://www.allorganiclinks.com/privacy
Submit a Site
|  New  |  Popular   |  Link To Us   |   Tell a Friend   |   Update Link
Search
Privacy Policy
Welcome to All Organic Links, owned and produced by Foerstel Design,
Inc. This statement discloses the privacy practices of this Web site.
By using this site, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to
be bound by this Privacy Policy.
We respect the privacy of our contributors, newsletter subscribers, those
who answer our surveys, and those who fill out our questionnaires. It
is our policy:
Choice and consent. To respect the purpose for which our site
visitors gave us information. We give users choice and consent over
how their personal information is used, and remove names immediately
upon request.
Third party use. To not sell, rent, or loan our subscriber
or customer lists to third parties for e-mail marketing. While we sell
advertising in our e-mail publications to other companies, we do not
allow third parties any other use of these subscriber lists.
Unsubscriptions. To send our messages only to those who request
them, and immediately unsubscribe those who request it. Sometimes people
subscribe for their friends, and while we cannot prevent that, our welcome
message to subscribers -- and every issue of our free newsletter --
explain how to subscribe. We keep our subscription lists as clean as
possible to prevent obsolete e-mails to take unnecessary bandwidth.
Cookies. To use cookies in a responsible manner to help our
visitors, not snoop on them. We use cookies to help rotate banner advertising,
to identify users, enhance repeat visits, and to occasionally greet
our visitors with notices and offers when they return. We do NOT collect
or use this information from cookies to develop a profile about our
users.
Security. To store subscriber and password files with personal
information in a secure manner. We store such files in areas not accessible
to Web browsers, or behind password protection, or off-line.
Termination. If All Organic Links were to be acquired by another
organization, that might include our subscriber and other lists, but
only as part of a clear agreement binding that organization to abide
by the spirit and letter of our privacy policy.
Please note that All Organic Links contains links to other sites and
occasionally allows other sites to be co-branded with the All Organic
Links name, and while we endeavor to ensure that these other sites' Privacy
Policies conform to our own, All Organic Links cannot represent or guarantee
that they do so. So bear in mind that sites that are linked to from the
All Organic Links site, or carry the All Organic Links brand for co-branding
or marketing purposes, may have privacy policies which differ from that
of the All Organic Links. This policy may be updated from time to time
so please check back periodically.
Contact information for questions regarding this statement should be
directed to:
Privacy Coordinator
All Organic Links
753 S. Walnut St.
Boise, ID 83712
(208) 345-6656
(208) 384-9226 (Fax)
This Privacy Policy updated
03-Jan-2006
Created
by Foerstel Design: Committed to the Organic Community
About Us     Contact Us     Privacy Policy      Legal     Email Newsletter
© 2000 - 2020 Foerstel Design