http://www.canadianisp.com/privacy.htm
FIND AN ISP
SUBMIT AN ISP
RESOURCES
Find an ISP
Select a province
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland & Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
Compare between over 220 ISPs (Internet Service Providers) serving Canada!Search and compare for FREE!
CanadianISP Privacy Policy
canadianisp.ca is aware of the privacy concerns of its users. This document will detail our policy for collecting and using information gained from this website.
Privacy Policy
Canadianisp.ca's policy on all aspects of our website is to respect and protect the privacy of our users. canadianisp.ca does not disclose, rent or sell your email address or any of your personal information we may receive to any third party, without your express, written consent.
Registration for our newsletter requires an email address. All other details are optional. You may remove your records from our user database at any time and receive confirmation that the data has been removed from our systems.
Please note that contributions you make to the site (ISP Ratings and reviews) become the property of canadianisp.ca, which we can delete or modify as we may see fit. (Edits are rare, however and we never, ever take credit for your words or quotes.)
At any time you may communicate with CanadianISP via private email; No matter the content, your contact details and information remain confidential, unless you give explicit permission to pass it on to a third party.
Any comments, complaints or compliments you make in private about an ISP or your experiences with an ISP will remain confidential - they will never be passed along to the ISP unless you specifically give permission to do so, with one exception:
Any comments posted publicly or privately via CanadianISP that are deigned to maliciously attack or libel an ISP, accuse and ISP of illegal acts without a conviction from a Canadian Court, contact information WILL be given out to aid in prosecution.
Canadianisp.ca tracks (As do all Web Sites) the searches performed when looking for an ISP. We do not track personally identifiable information about the user performing the search, other than what all web servers track as a standard (The fact that a file was looked at, date, time, etc).
We do provide search statistics from this site to third parties from time to time. This data is available to all registered ISPs at no cost within the ISP Login section. We track which cities are searched, types of services, price points, business vs residential, etc. No identifiable information about a user is tracked or included in this analytical data.
Why would canadianisp.ca track this and why would an ISP want it? Say you live in a city that currently has no High Speed offerings, but 100 people a day were searching for service in that city, ISPs can use that information to roll out a broadband service in your city. This information is tracked to make sure that users all over Canada can get good, fair, and competitive Internet service. Our data is used for market and competitive analysis by ISP's across the country, which allows them to stay competitive not only in the services they offer, but in their prices, as well. This data has also been used by hardware and services vendors to better target their offerings to the general public and ISPs, helping to develop improved Internet services for all. The data has also been used by various government agencies in helping to form or adjust various policies over the years.
Mailing to ISPs
From time to time, a paid advertiser will have us email all ISPs on canadianisp.ca with a commercial message. At all times mailings are done with our own software. This means that no contact information is given to these third parties. At the conclusion of a mailing, CanadianISP will provide to the advertiser the list of ISPs and their primary URLs that the mailing went out to, but nothing more. The only way that an ISP can identify themselves to an advertiser is if they choose to reply directly to the advertiser.We do review advertisements for relevancy to ISPs. We do not accept ads from adult or illegal content sites. While we will not flat-out refuse a mailing from a non-ISP/IT related advertiser, they are all advised that CanadianISP really isn't the best venue for their ads (As of this date, we've already politely turned away over one hundered requests for mass-mail campaigns that didn't have any relevancyto this industry).
Mailing to users (you)
In a nutshell: We don't. There is an automated mailer that confirms your ratings for ISPs, to ensure it's not a 'bot. We will reply to your email from the contact form (obviously) and, should and ISP ask me, the owner of CanadianISP, to contact someone who left a review for further details, I will do so, but will never reveal contact information to the ISP (or anyone else) unless you, the user, specifically give permission.
We do not do commercial mailings to anyone who has submitted their email address, either through the contact form or through the review system - EVER.
Ad serving
All banner ads are served by our own software. We do track how many times banners are being clicked on, but we do not track who is clicking on them.
Changes
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy at any time. It is your responsibility to check this page from time to time to keep updated on any changes, though we will make best efforts to notify users of changes.
Last updated: September 5th, 2015 (minor edits - + "Mailing to users" added)
Advertising | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy
© 2020 CanadianISP/InternAlsysis. All rights reserved.
Retrieve password