http://www.logandtimberstyle.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Frank Kiley operates logandtimberstyle.com and may operate other logandtimberstyle.com. It is Frank Kiley policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our logandtimberstyle.com.
Logandtimberstyle.com Visitors
Like most logandtimberstyle.com operators, Frank Kiley collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Frank Kiley’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Frank Kiley visitors use its logandtimberstyle.com. From time to time,Frank Kiley may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its logandtimberstyle.com.
Frank Kiley also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on logandtimberstyle.com blogs/sites. Frank Kiley only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Frank Kiley’s logandtimberstyle.com choose to interact with Frank Kiley in ways that require Frank Kiley to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Frank Kiley gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at logandtimberstyle.com to provide a userFrank Kiley and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Frank Kiley are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Frank Kiley collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Frank Kiley. Frank Kiley does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain logandtimberstyle.com-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Frank Kiley may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to its logandtimberstyle.com. Frank Kiley may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Frank Kiley does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Frank Kiley discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Frank Kiley behalf or to provide services available at Frank Kiley logandtimberstyle.com, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Frank Kiley logandtimberstyle.com, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Frank Kiley will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Frank Kiley discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Frank Kiley believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Frank Kiley, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Frank Kiley logandtimberstyle.com and have supplied your email address Frank Kiley may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Frank Kiley takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a logandtimberstyle.com stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the logandtimberstyle.com each time the visitor returns. We use cookies to help Frank Kiley identify and track visitors, their usage of logandtimberstyle.com, and their logandtimberstyle.com access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Frank Kiley logandtimberstyle.com, with the drawback that certain features of our logandtimberstyle.com may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Advertising partners, who may set cookies, may deliver ads appearing on any of our logandtimberstyle.com to users. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Frank Kiley and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Frank Kiley may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Frank Kiley sole discretion. we encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a logandtimberstyle.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.