http://www.accc.gov.au/about-us/tools-resources/helping-students-be-mobile-savvy
Skip to Content
Skip to Sitemap
Home
About us
Tools & resources
Listen
Helping students be mobile savvy
ASIC worked with the ACCC and some other agencies to develop a series of multimedia classroom activities to help teenagers navigate the costs of mobile phones and their consumer rights.
Consumer rights
Understand your refund and replacement rights under the Australian Consumer Law if your phone has a problem.
Choosing a plan
Students choose a mobile phone plan based on what they use it for and their budget.
Calls, messaging and browsing
Look at the included value of a plan and the cost of calls, text and browsing the web.
Social media
Understand the cost of uploading videos and downloading pictures on social media.
Premium services
Know what a premium service is and how to unsubscribe from one.
Mobile phone advertising
Identify advertising techniques used to promote mobile phone plans.
Security
Pick a scam and know where to go for help, keep personal data safe and issues such as extra mobile charges, theft from bank accounts and cyberbullying.
Entertainment
See how in-app advertising works by paying more to reach new levels in games.
Mobile credit
See how calls, SMS, voicemail, social media, internet and downloads use credit.
The activities come with Teacher and Parent Notes and have been aligned to the Australian Curriculum. They can be used on a computer or ipad.
The mobile phone activities were developed by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) with the ACCC, the Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA), Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman (TIO), and Australian Mobile Telecommunications Association (AMTA).
More information
MoneySmart teaching resources
Tags
Audience
Consumers
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Print
About us
Australian Competition & Consumer CommissionAbout the ACCCACCC milestones
ACCC Chair & CommissionersFormer Chairs & Commissioners
AccountabilityDisability Action Plan
Fraud prevention
Public interest disclosure
Indexed file lists
Legal expenditure
Tenders & contracts
Compliance & enforcement policy & priorities
Product Safety Priorities 2020
Decision making processes
LegislationExceptions under Commonwealth, state & territory legislation
Organisation structure
Service CharterWhat we can & can't do for consumers
What we can & can't do for small business
Conferences & eventsACCC/AER Regulatory Conference
Bannerman Competition Lecture
ICN Merger Workshop 2020
National Consumer Congress
Ruby Hutchison Memorial Lecture
UniSA & ACCC Competition Law & Economics Workshop
Consultative committees
Employment & careersCurrent vacancies
Graduate opportunitiesOur past graduates
Intern opportunities
Working with us
International relationsDelegation requests
International forums & groups
Treaties & agreements
Consultations & submissionsACCC submissions
Online consultation hub
Mergers & Competition Exemptions consultations
Product safety consultation process
Tools & resourcesACCC Shopper app
CCA education programs
Energy Made Easy
Helping students be mobile savvy
Repair, replace, refund problem solver
Social mediaFacebook terms of use
Twitter terms of use
Transcripts
Using our websiteAccessibility
Disclaimer & copyright
Privacy