http://www.helpforibs.com/shop/privacy.asp
Toggle navigation
866-640-4942
Go
Who Are We?
All IBS Products
Customer Reviews
By Symptom
Tummy Fiber Acacia
Tummy Tamers Peppermint Oil
Tummy Teas
IBS Discount & Bulk Kits
IBS Books, Media, Heat Therapy
IBS Cooking Show DVDs
Heather's HelpForIBS.com
Find a Local Store
View Cart
Shipping
Money Back Guarantee
Easy Returns
Mail Orders
Privacy & Security
Contact Us
About Us: Who's Heather?
Wholesale
Co-packing Services
All Products
Tummy Fiber
Tummy Teas
Tummy Tamers
Kits
By Symptom
Help For IBS
X
FREE SHIPPING ON YOUR FIRST ORDER!USE PROMO CODE CHEATSHEET2
Money Back Guarantee
Secure Shopping Guarantee & Anti-Spam Privacy Statement
Secure Shopping Guarantee - Secured with 128-bit SSL encryption.
This site is dedicated to protecting your credit card security through GeoTrust. We are also an accredited business of the Better Business Bureau, and are authorized to display the BBB Online Trustmark. We accept all major credit and debit cards.
Your credit card information is guaranteed safe and protected when you make a purchase from this web site.
Whenever you use this site's order services, you are automatically signed in securely unless you deliberately choose otherwise. All of your transactions are protected by powerful GeoTrust QuickSSL 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology standards supported by Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape, and Mozilla Firefox browsers. Sites secured by QuickSSL offer the highest level of encryption or security possible. This means you can rest assured that communications between your browser and this site's web servers are private and secure.
SSL encrypts your credit card number, name, address, and telephone number before they travel over the internet. In addition, your credit card information is never actually stored on a Heather's Tummy Care web or local server. This makes doing business over the internet as secure as purchasing by telephone.
Our site is also tested and certified daily to pass the independent MCAFEE SECURE HACKER SAFE Security Scan. To help address concerns about hacker access to confidential data, the "live" MCAFEE SECURE HACKER SAFE mark appears only when a web site meets the MCAFEE SECURE HACKER SAFE standard.
Research indicates sites remotely scanned for known vulnerabilities on a daily basis, such as those earning MCAFEE SECURE HACKER SAFE certification, can prevent over 99% of hacker crime such as identity theft and credit card fraud.
Your credit card is safe on this site.
Anti-Spam Privacy Statement
I understand that making purchases online or subscribing to an email newsletter involves a great deal of trust on your part; I take this trust very seriously, and make it my highest priority to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personally identifiable information that you provide (including all information that can be linked to a specific individual, such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address.) We do NOT permit spam!
What information this web site collects:
This only personal information this site collects is what you voluntarily provide via order forms, message board or support board registration, and email.
How I use your information:
This site uses your personal information only for the purpose of responding to and fulfilling your requests for IBS information and products.
Who I share your information with:
I do not give, sell, loan, or rent personal customer information (including email addresses) to anyone. Ever.
How I protect your information:
To ensure the confidentiality of your personal information, this site uses leading security technology and SSL encryption.
Privacy policy for Google AdSense and the Google DoubleClick DART cookie:
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on the message and support group boards of this site.
* Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our board users based on their visit to our site and/or other sites on the Internet.
* Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
* Google may also use third-party ad serving, and the cookies of other third-party vendors or ad networks may also be used to serve ads on the boards of this site
See Our Privacy Policy for AdRoll Advertising
Latest update: March 06, 2018
By providing you with this Privacy Policy, I pledge continued commitment to protecting the information you provide. Your business is of utmost importance to me and I will take all steps necessary to protect it.
- Heather Van Vorous
Money Back Guarantee