https://www.thestar.com.my/terms/
Terms & Conditions
The Star Online
The Star
StarBiz Premium
The Star Digital Access Subscription
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE VISITING/ACCESSING ANY OF OUR SITES AS THEY CONTAIN BINDING LEGAL TERMS. BY VISITING/ACCESSING ANY OF OUR SITES, YOU ARE DEEMED TO HAVE FULLY READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AS MAY BE AMENDED BY US FROM TIME TO TIME.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST CEASE VISITING/ACCESSING ALL OUR SITES.
Copyright
All editorial content, graphics, video and soundbites on The Star Online, The Star Mobile Application and other subsites (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Sites”) under Star Media Group Berhad (Company No.: 10894-D) (hereinafter referred to as “The Company”) are protected by Malaysian copyright law and international treaties and may not be copied or re-used without the express permission of The Company, which reserves all rights. Re-use of any of such content online for any purpose is strictly prohibited. Permission to use The Company's proprietary content may be granted on a case-by-case basis. Please direct your enquiries to feedback@thestar.com.my. The materials from the Sites are available for informational and non-commercial offline use only, provided that: the content and/or graphics are not modified, amended or altered in any way whatsoever; all copyright and other notices on any copy are retained; and permission in writing has been granted by The Company. You may not reproduce, upload, display or distribute the content or material from the Sites whether for commercial or personal purposes without the express written permission of The Company.
You may not copy or adapt the HTML code that The Company creates to display pages. It also is covered by The Company's copyright. The "look" and "feel" of the Sites are also trademarks of The Company. This includes but not limited to colour scheme, button shapes, layout, and all other graphical elements.
Third party news agency material contained in the Sites is protected by copyright and shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither this material nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use.
The Company and/or news agency/agencies, as the case maybe, will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing.
The Company and its subsidiaries
The Company and its group of companies operates in Malaysia. Publications produced include one newspaper title: The Star newspaper, and a magazine, Kuntum.
The Company, through its subsidiaries, also provides content and advertising services on digital portals, which shall include but not limited to:
The Star Online, The Star mobile application, The Star ePaper, StarMediaGroup.my, TheStarTV.com., Star2.com, mStar, mStar mobile application, R.AGE, dimsum.my, dimsum application, 988.com.my, 988 FM mobile application, Suria.com.my, Suria Malaysia mobile application, StarProperty.my, Property Trends mobile application, Propwall, iBilik, Carsifu.my, Kuali, myStarjob.com, StarCherish.com, eKuntum.com.my, PerfectLivin.com, ); events services, Star Education Fair, Star Health Expo, Star Outstanding Business Awards, Star Export Awards, CHEER, Women’s Fiesta, StarWalk, Anak-Anak Malaysia Walk, Ride for Malaysia, Perfect Livin, Perfect Lifestyle, Star Supa Comic, StarProperty.my Fair, StarProperty.my Awards, StarLIVE, Star Golden Hearts Award, Star Sterling Service Award;and Out-of-Home advertising (School Buzz).
In addition, The Company either through itself or through its subsidiary owns and/or operates the following radio channels, namely (988and Suria).
You can get a quick overview of the group structure.
Trademarks
Among the trademarks and service marks owned by The Company and/or its subsidiaries which shall include but not limited to : The Star Online, Star Media Group, TheStarTV.com, Star2.com, mStar, R.AGE, dimsum, 988, Suria, SMEBiz, StarProperty.my, Propwall, iBilik, CarSifu, Kuali, myStarjob.com, , Star Newspaper-in-Education (NiE), Step Up, Mighty Minds, Kuntum, Star Outstanding Business Awards (SOBA) , CHEER, StarWalk, Perfect Livin, Ride for Malaysia, Stand Together, Women do Wonders (WOW), iSnap and the respective logos of all the sites. All other trademarks and trade names are the property of their respective owners.
House Rules
The Company has a thriving user community and actively encourages commenting on articles and stories. We are dedicated to this community and strive to maintain a respectful, engaging and informative conversation. Towards that end, we have general guidelines for commenting. They are enforced 24/7 by a moderating system that features a team of staff and moderation tools.
If in our absolute opinion, your comments consistently or intentionally make this community a less civil and enjoyable place to be, you and your comments will be excluded from it.
The Company promotes a receptive, transparent and civil atmosphere for comments and users. Critical, in-depth and intelligent discussions and debates are encouraged.
A. The Dont's. Everyone is welcomed and encouraged to voice their opinion regardless of identity, politics, ideology, religion or agreement with other community members, the author of the post or members as long as those opinions are respectful and constructively add to the conversation. However, this community does not tolerate direct or indirect attacks, name-calling or insults, nor does it tolerate intentional attempts to derail, hijack, troll or bait others into an emotional response. We reserve absolute discretion to remove these types of comments from the community where warranted. Individuals who consistently or intentionally post these types of comments may be warned online and, if necessary, excluded from the community and/or be reported to the relevant authorities. We've established the following House Rules so that everyone can get the most out of the Sites. Please note that these rules also apply to rich media submissions such as images, video and audio clips, as well as content associated with you such as avatar images. Examples of comments that are not permitted under our House Rules include, but shall not be limited to:
Vulgar/offensive/obscene in nature;
Fraudulent, deceptive or misleading;
Off topic;
Spam (such as the same comment posted repeatedly) or include certain links to other sites;
Impliedly or expressly attacks and/or defames any third party;
Offensive towards any gender, ethnic, religion, race or culture;
Advocating any illegal activity;
Describe or encourage activities which could endanger the safety or well-being of others;
Promoting particular services, products, or political organizations;
Appear to impersonate someone else;
Contains disclosure of personal information including name, contact number, address, email and others;
Infringing the proprietary rights, copyrights or trademarks of any party;
Illegal and/or breaches any regulations or laws currently in force;
Are written in anything other than English, Bahasa Malaysia unless expressly stated;
Any other comments that the Team deems inappropriate;
Advertising or promoting products or websites is strictly prohibited . This may include links to:
Personal websites or forums;
Surveys and questionnaires;
Commercial websites or auction sites that mainly exist to sell products.
Details of charity or fundraising events
For example, if it's relevant to the debate, it is fine to link to a website that sells an album or book if it helps another user or recommends something they would like. However, posting up links to your own band's album or trying to drive buyers to your e-bay auction or fundraising site may result in your post being removed.
Risk breaching copyright law
Copyright law exists to stop someone from plagiarising another's work. It applies to the internet in the same way as it does to TV, books and the press. Breaking copyright law can result in being taken to court.
Please do not post large chunks of text copied from other sources, as this may be an infringement of copyright. Short quotes to illustrate a point may be permissible, although this is at our discretion.
If you wish to refer to external sources of information, it's better to include a link to an appropriate external website.
In addition to this, postings with heavy text speak or unintelligible language such as codes, are also not allowed as this may disrupt the natural flow of conversation.
Contributing material to any of the Sites’ community with the intention to commit a crime, break the law, or condone or encourage unlawful activity is strictly prohibited.
In addition, we may remove posts which we consider could endanger other users - which shall include but not limited to, offering medical and health advice, or encouraging drug or alcohol abuse or self-harm.
Contain potentially defamatory statements
Defamation laws exist to protect individuals and/or organisations from unwarranted, mistaken, or untruthful attacks on their reputation.
Posting a defamatory statement on our Sites is the same as publishing it in a newspaper or magazine and can result in legal proceedings being commenced.
To avoid legal proceedings being commenced, please ensure that you verify the information in your posting as true and accurate, especially when presenting negative statements as facts. Also, avoid jumping to conclusions, exaggerating or making subtle implications. Remember that adding the word 'allegedly' to a statement does not stop it being defamatory.
Both you and The Company can be held liable if you make a defamatory statement on the Sites. So we will remove comments where we have insufficient evidence to defend publication of your statement. This means the Sites moderators may err on the side of caution when considering some comments.
Are abusive or disruptive
Abusive or disruptive behaviour is not allowed on the Sites. This includes, but shall not be limited to:
Using swear words (including abbreviations or alternative spellings) or other language likely to offend.
Harassing, threatening, or causing distress or inconvenience to any person or people.
Flaming: This means posting something that's angry and mean-spirited.
Trolling: This means saying deliberately provocative things just to stir up trouble.
Infringing the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else's use and enjoyment of the Sites.
Attempting to impersonate somebody.
Using multiple accounts to disrupt boards, annoy users, or to avoid pre-moderation.
Bumping or creating duplicate threads, posting in such a way as to cause technical errors, or any other attempts to disrupt the normal flow of conversation. Users who seriously or repeatedly demonstrate such behaviour may have their accounts pre-moderated or permanently restricted and will not be allowed to return.
Are offensive
Comments that contain offensive content are not allowed on the Sites. Racist, sexist, homophobic, disabling, sexually explicit, abusive, or otherwise objectionable material will be removed and if extreme will result in immediate and permanent restriction of your account.
Are off-topic
Comments that are unrelated to the subject of the article entry to which you are contributing are considered 'off-topic'.
Please do not contribute off-topic material in subject-specific article, except where an article has designated open post. If your comment has been removed for being off-topic, you may be able to resubmit your comment in a more relevant topic area.
Contain personal details
Including contact or identification details in comments such as phone numbers, postal or email addresses is not allowed on most services. Please do not reveal any personal information about yourself or others as it might inadvertently put you or someone else at risk.
Risk contempt of court
Once a suspect is arrested for an offence, or offences, legal restrictions apply. Please use caution when discussing reports of an arrest or court proceedings. Even linking to archived news stories, blog entries, and comments may be unlawful as Malaysian contempt law, would usually prohibit any reference to the previous conviction(s) of someone facing new court proceedings.
Contain spam
Spamming or flooding is not allowed on the Sites. Spamming means submitting the same or very similar contribution many times across blogs or entries. Flooding comprises a resubmission of your contribution to the same site multiple times.
Please do not use a signature beneath your comment to promote websites, services, products, or campaigns. This will cause your posts to be removed as spam.
Contain unsuitable URLs
For example you should not link to
Unlawful, unsuitable or sexually explicit content.
Websites that require payment to access.
Foreign language content.
Websites that initiate a file download or require additional software in order to view them. This includes .pdf and .mp3 files.
Websites that advertise or promote products
In some cases the moderator will edit out the link/s leaving the rest of the comment visible on the board. If so the link will be replaced by [Unsuitable/ broken URL removed by moderator]
The Company welcomes feedback, both positive and negative, about our programmes and services but please make sure your comments are in line with the above House Rules.
Repeatedly posting personal or offensive comments about individual members of the public or people who work for the Company and its group of subsidiaries and/or companies may be considered harassment. We reserve the right to remove such messages and take action against those responsible.
B. Moderation Process. To maintain a civil atmosphere, our moderation team may read comments before they are displayed to other users. If this is the case, you may see your comment pending approval. Approval times can vary depending on the site-wide comment load, so please be patient; we will get to all comments as quickly as possible.
C. The Do's. Be yourself, only yourself, and just one of yourself. Every person's opinion is valuable and unique. Pretending to be someone else removes that unique value from you or from others. Don't misrepresent yourself or others, spread misinformation, create multiple accounts or "astroturf" (Where a user pretends to be an objective commentator, but has a vested interest in the subject matter) If you do, you will make the community a less enjoyable and valuable place to be and will be removed when we see it.
This community is a safe space. We strongly believe that the Sites’ should be a safe space for individuals, groups and their ideas. As such, violent and hostile language or calls for violence and hostility are not welcome here. If you directly or indirectly threaten the physical or mental wellbeing of a member of this community, or an individual or group who is the subject of an article, you will be removed immediately. If a credible threat is made against an individual or group, not only will it be removed but it is likely that it will be reported to law enforcement agencies and we will cooperate with them to any extent requested. Personal identifiable information should never be posted. It never turns out well for anyone. If you see any threats, harassment or personal information trolling please report it quickly.
If you have comments, we are here and we have real people who read and reply.
If you have complaints, questions, concerns, or just feedback - positive or critical - please get in touch with us here
Disclaimers and Warnings
A. Disclaimer Option.
(i) The Company seeks to ensure that information contained in these pages is accurate. However, The Company makes no representations as to accuracy, correctness, completeness, suitability, validity of any information on these pages and will not be liable for any errors, omissions, delay in the information contained in this pages or any other information accessed via any of the Sites, including without limitation, any information reached via links on the Sites to external sites, or any losses, injuries or damages arising from its display or use. All users are strongly encouraged to seek professional advice before relying on any information provided herein.
(ii) The Company shall not be liable in anyway whatsoever for any and all losses or damages which you may suffer including but not limited to any financial and/or information loss.
B. Warning Option.
(i) To avoid disappointment, we encourage you to consult our Terms and Conditions and House Rules before commenting. Please be aware that your comment is subject to these rules as well as our Terms & Conditions and may be removed without prior notice should it violate either of the aforementioned.
(ii) You shall download The Star Mobile Application from either Google Play Store or the Apple App Store. You shall not download The Star Mobile Application from any other sources.
(iii) You shall not use The Star Mobile Application on any illegally modified devices such as jailbroken device, rooted device or any device that has been altered in any way whatsoever.
(iv) You shall be fully responsible for any losses or damages that you may suffer in anyway whatsoever should you breach any of the terms herein.
Assignment
You shall not assign or in any other way transfer your rights or obligations under these Terms and Conditions or part thereof. We may assign these Terms and Conditions whether in whole or in part to any third party without prior notice.
Waiver
No failure or delay in exercising any of our rights under these Terms and Condition will operate as a waiver of such right unless otherwise acknowledged and agreed by us in writing.
Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of Malaysia and you hereby agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Malaysian courts.
PRIVACY of Personal Information
Please refer to the privacy policy (https://www.thestar.com.my/privacy/) to view the terms regarding the use of your information.
Contact Us
If there are any questions or concerns regarding this Terms and Conditions or the consent practices outlined herein, please contact us as follows:
By Email: customerservice@thestar.com.my
By Mail: Star Media Group Berhad, Menara Star, 15 Jalan 16/11, 46350 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia
Customer Service Hotline: 1-300-88-7827 (Monday – Friday (9.00am to 5.30pm), excluding public holidays).
By Fax: 03 – 7957 7798
(Last updated 05 March 2019)
StarBiz Premium and StarBiz Premium Plus Membership Packages:
Membership
“StarBiz Premium”and “StarBiz Premium Plus” (collectively, “Membership Packages” and individually “Membership Package”) are paid membership packages offered by Star Media Group Berhad (Company No.: 10894-D) to users of The Star Online’s Business Section, more commonly known as “StarBiz”. Subscribers to the Membership Package(s) (“Subscribers”) are granted the access to exclusive contents available on StarBiz. “StarBiz Premium” membership offers exclusive insights, analyses and curated news on the economy as well as expert advice from industry leaders on StarBiz Premium section under The Star Online website. “StarBiz Premium Plus” membership offers full access to StarBiz Premium section under The Star Online website and full digital access to Wall Street Journal and The Business Times Singapore (limited to yearly StarBiz Premium Plus Subscribers only). The Membership Package(s)are available on either a monthly or yearly basis,details of which are as follows:
Package Type
Price (RM)
StarBiz Premium
Wall Street Journal
The Business Times Singapore
Starbiz Premium (monthly)
15
StarBiz Premium (yearly)
150
StarBiz Premium Plus (monthly)
35
StarBiz Premium Plus (yearly)
350
Note: The Business Times Singapore is only available for Subscribers who sign up for the yearly StarBiz Premium Plus membership.
The Membership Package(s) are not transferable to any third party. The Wall Street Journal and The Business Times Singapore access must be used concurrently with StarBiz Premium Plus access.
Availability
The Membership Package(s) are available at the prevailing market prices. The introductory offer price will be made available from 16th November 2017 until 15th January 2018 (“Promotional Period”) and will be valid for the first twelve (12) months of the subscription if the Subscriber subscribes to the yearly Membership Package(s) during the Promotional Period.
We reserve the right to:
change our prices and/or withdraw any of the Membership Package(s) at any time, without the need to inform the Subscriber prior to such a change and/or withdrawal, as the case may be. Subscribers are encouraged to visit the catalog page from time to time for any changes on a regular basis.
upgrade or remove any of the features of the Membership Package(s). No refund or discount will be given to the Subscriber if he/she decides not to take up any of the upgraded features.
withdraw any section(s)/title(s)/partnership(s) in the Membership Package(s) at any time as and when we deem fit without prior notification. No refund or discount will be available in the event of such withdrawal.
Membership that has been paid in full shall not be affected by the change of pricing unless due to our inability to fulfill our membership offer or under exceptional conditions not within our reasonable control. In these cases, the provisions under section ‘Cancellation and Refund’ shall apply.
Payment and Processing
Subscribers may subscribe to the Membership Package(s) through The Star Online website by clicking the link here. To facilitate subscription, Subscribers undertake to provide complete and accurate information required by us.
Payment for the Membership Package(s)can be made via credit card or e-banking.Subscribers shall be solely responsible for any additional interest and/or processing charges imposed by the banks/financial institutions in respect of the payment and we will not be held liable for any of the above charges.
Upon successful processing of payment and verification of subscription registration,we will send Subscriber an email for verification purposes. Subscribers who do not receive our email notification within twenty four (24) hours from the date of payment should contact our Customer Service Hotline at 1300 88 7827 (STAR). For details of membership, Subscriber shall log into his/her account on The Star Online > My account (Subscription Info) or call our Customer Service Hotline at 1300 88 7827 (STAR).
Renewal
Subscriber may opt for auto-renewal where his/her membership subscription will be automatically renewed on a monthly OR yearly basis. This will save Subscriber a lot of effort and hassle.
To activate auto-renewal function, kindly select “Yes, activate recurring payment” upon registration.
We will advise the Subscriber of any changes to the subscription package in the renewal notice.
Cancellation and Refund
Cancellation
Payment made herein is for the full duration of the membership subscription. No cancellation or early termination or changing of the Membership Package(s) is allowed.
For auto-renewal, there will be no refunds or cancellations after payment has been made.
To deactivate auto-renewal function, please go to your account on The Star Online > My Account (Subscription Info) and deactivate auto-renewal function. Membership will not be automatically renewed after the current subscription expires.
Refund
Refunds are strictly prohibited. However, refund may be allowed at our sole discretion in exceptional circumstances, of which we will review on a case by case basis.
Use and Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information
By agreeing to the terms and conditions contained herein, you hereby allow Star Media Group Berhad, its subsidiaries and/or affiliates (collectively, “Star Media Group”) to collect and process your Personal Data (as defined by Section 4 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2010). You also agree to receive the latest information about products, news and events updates, rewards and promotions, special privileges and initiatives from Star Media Group, its partners and advertisers. Click here to view the full Privacy Policy of Star Media Group.
If you do not wish to receive the above, kindly call 1300 88 7827 (STAR) or email to customerservice@thestar.com.my
Customer Service
Kindly contact us if you need further assistance about the Membership Package(s).
Hotline: 1300 88 7827 (STAR)
Email: customerservice@thestar.com.my
Post: Star Media Group Berhad, Audience Management, Menara Star, 15 Jalan 16/11, 46350 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia.
These Terms of Use govern your use of “The Star Digital Access Subscription” service (“Service”). Please read the following terms carefully before subscribing to the Service as they contain binding legal terms and obligations, which shall include but not limited to, limitations or exclusion of our liability. By subscribing to the Service, you are deemed to have fully read, understood and agreed to be bound by these terms and conditions governing the Service.
Introduction
The Service is offered by Star Media Group Berhad (Company No.: 10894-D) (“Company”) to subscribers
of TheStar.com.my and The Star Malaysia app (collectively, “Platforms”). Subscribers will receive unlimited access to content and personalised features on the Platforms. This Service excludes access to linked content hosted on
separate platform that requires additional subscription/registration/payment, including but not limited to: dimsum e-tuition videos.
Visitor who is not a subscriber of the Service will still be able to access a limited number of articles a month for free. Visitors who have registered for a
“MyStar” account will be able to access to several personalized features such as notifications for breaking news, bookmark articles, news in audio, “for you” personalized feature (follow author, follow topic and recommend reading based on your preference) and other personalized settings not specifically mentioned herein.
SUBSCRIPTION PLANS AND FEE
Platform
Plan Name
Price (RM)
Web
1-Month Free Trial
Free
Introductory Offer
RM1.90/month for 1 month followed by RM9.90/month thereafter
Standard
RM9.90/month
Android (in-app purchase)
Introductory Offer
1- month free trial followed by a 1-month introductory offer at RM1.90 for 1 month. RM9.90/month thereafter
Standard
RM9.90/month
iOS (in-app purchase)
Introductory Offer
RM1.90 for 2 months, RM9.90/month thereafter
Standard
RM9.90/month
The Company offers one (1) month free
subscription (“Free Subscription”) to allow new subscribers and current visitors of the Platforms to use the Service. Please click here [https://www.thestar.com.my/subscribe/] to view the eligibility and details of the Free Subscription.
Free Subscription eligibility is determined by the Company at its sole discretion and the Company may amend/review the eligibility from time to time. The Company reserves the right to revoke the Free Subscription and put your account on hold in the event that the Company determines that you are not eligible.
New subscribers are entitled to a discounted subscription fee for one (1) month, during the introductory offer period (“Introductory Offer”). Each subscriber can only redeem this Introductory Offer once.
To view the end date of your Free Subscription, period of the Introductory Offer and billing cycle, please go to your registered account and click on [https://login.thestar.com.my/accountinfo/subscriptioninfo.aspx].
The Company will charge the monthly recurring subscription fee for the next billing cycle at the specific billing date as indicated in your registered account unless you cancel your subscription prior to the end of the current billing cycle.
The Company reserves the right to:
amend the subscription plans and/or fee and/or withdraw any of the plans at any time without prior notice. Details of the amendment and/or withdrawal will be uploaded onto the “Catalogue Page” which is available at [https://www.thestar.com.my/subscribe/]. You are encouraged to visit the “Catalogue Page” on a regular basis to ensure that you are aware of any amendments made by the Company. Your continued usage of the Service after amendments are posted onto the “Catalogue Page” means you agree to be legally bound by these amendments. Price changes will apply to subsequent billing cycles.
upgrade or remove any of the features of the subscription plans. No refund or discount will be given to subscribers who decide not to take up any of the upgraded features.
withdraw any section(s)/subsection(s)/component(s)/partnership(s) in the subscription plan and/or Platforms at any time as and when the Company deems fit without prior notification. No refund or discount will be available in the event of such withdrawal.
BILLING CYCLE
Subscription fee will be billed on a monthly basis, according to the selected payment method corresponding to the date of the activation of the Service. If a payment is overdue, the Company may suspend the Service and you will not able to access to the Platforms unless payment has been fully settled.
The Company will not be held liable for any additional interest or fee charged by the bank/financial institution/payment gateway service provider for any transaction/admin fee. Please check with your bank/financial institution/payment gateway service provider for details.
APPLICABLE TAX AND TAX INVOICE
In addition to the subscription fee, you shall be liable for payment of any applicable government taxes and/or levies as may be imposed by the relevant governmental agency/authority in Malaysia. For the avoidance of doubt, the subscription fee provided herein is inclusive of the relevant service tax under the Service Tax Act 2018. The Company will make available to you a valid tax invoice in respect of the amount payable but you will be responsible for prompt payment even if you have not received the tax invoice. For avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall preclude the Company from correcting at any time any error or discrepancy in the amount stated in the tax invoice.
A certificate signed by an officer of the Company shall be conclusive evidence as to any amounts owing under or in respect of the Service (save for demonstrable error).
PAYMENT METHOD
You shall provide complete and accurate information required by the Company to facilitate the subscription.
Via TheStar.com.my
You may subscribe to the Service through TheStar.com.my by clicking the link here. Payment can be made via credit card or debit card through ‘Ipay88’ payment gateway.
Via The Star Malaysia app
You may subscribe to the Service through The Star Malaysia app. Payment can be made via credit card, debit card or mobile carrier billing through in-app purchase. You shall be
subjected to the respective in-app purchase’s Terms and Conditions. The Company shall not be held liable for any claims related to subscription made through any in-app purchases. Please contact Google Play or Apple App Store directly to address these claims. For Android click
here and for IOS, click here.
If your payment method is invalid or rejected,
your subscription will be automatically cancelled. If the subscription is cancelled due to such payment issues, the Company makes no guarantee that the Service could be made available to you at the same price.
Upon successful processing of your registration and payment,the Company will send you an email for verification purposes. Subscribers who do not receive our email notification within the next twenty four (24) hours from the time of payment should contact our Customer Service Hotline at 1300 88 7827.
For details of your registration, you shall log into your account at TheStar.com.my > My account (Membership Info) or call our Customer Service Hotline at 1300 88 7827.
CANCELLATION AND REFUND
Cancellation
The Company will require three (3) days to process your cancellation request. Termination will only take effect at the end of the current billing cycle. You may continue to access the Platforms until the end of your billing cycle. Subscription fee charged will not be refunded after the cancellation.
To cancel your subscription, please do the following:
I subscribed via TheStar.com.my
Log into
your account via TheStar.com.my > My Account (Membership info) and deactivate auto-renewal function.
I subscribed via The Star Malaysia Android app
Open Google Play store > Tap Menu (Membership) > cancel membership > follow instructions.
Please note that by uninstalling the app will not cancel your subscription. For more information, click
here
I subscribed via The Star Malaysia iOS app
Go to Settings > iTunes & App Store > Tap your Apple ID at the top of the screen > View Apple ID > Subscriptions >
Cancel
Please take note by that uninstalling the app will not cancel your subscription. For more info, click here
Refund
Refunds are strictly prohibited. However, a refund may be allowed at the Company’s sole discretion under exceptional circumstances, of which the Company will review on a case to case basis.
PASSWORD AND ACCOUNT ACCESS
As a paid subscriber, you will have access and control over your registered account. Your registered account contains some sensitive information such as subscription information, payment method, billing and payment information, personalised settings and recommended content. To safeguard your details and privacy, do NOT reveal your password nor your payment details to anyone.
You shall be responsible for keeping your account details up-to-date and accurate.
Subscribers should be mindful of any communication requesting credit card or other account information. You hereby acknowledge that providing information in response to these types of communications can result in identity theft. You are advised to access your sensitive account information by going directly to TheStar.com.my or The Star Malaysia app and not through hyperlink in an email or any specific electronic communication.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION AND ANONYMOUS INFORMATION
By subscribing to the Service, you hereby allow the Company and/or its subsidiaries and/or affiliates (collectively, “Star Media Group”) to collect and process your Personal Data (as defined by Section 4 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2010) for the provision of the Service.
Click here [https://thestar.com.my/Privacy] to view the full Privacy Policy of Star Media Group.
WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
The Service is provided on an "as is where is" basis and without warranty or condition. In particular, the Service may not be uninterrupted or error-free. You waive all special, indirect and consequential damages against the Company in relation to the use of the Service.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of Malaysia.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Kindly contact us if you need further assistance about the Access Package.
Hotline:
1300 88 7827
[Mondays to Fridays, 9.00am to 5.30pm (GMT+8), excluding gazetted public holidays of the State of Selangor, Malaysia]
Email:
customerservice@thestar.com.my
Chatbot
m.me/TheStarOnline
Copyright © 1995-
Star Media Group Berhad (10894D)Best viewed on Chrome browsers.
Home
For You
Bookmark
Audio
Search