https://www.helpfulgardener.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy - HelpfulGardener.com
LATEST ARTICLES:
How to Keep Deer Out of Your Garden
Control Garden Pests Organically Without Chemicals
Everyone Can Grow Organic Fruit
Home
Organic Gardening
Grow Vegetables Herbs & Fruit
Organic Gardening
Garden Ideas
Garden Ideas
Gardening Tips
Tools & Gear
Japanese Gardening
Bonsai
Japanese Gardening
Flower Gardening
Container – Patio – Indoor
Perennials
Hydrangeas
Roses
Flower Gardening
Gardening Forum
Food Gardening
Raised Bed Gardening
Starting Seeds
Vegetable Forum
Tomato Forum
Herb Gardening
Pepper Forum
Fruit Forum
Bees – Chickens – Livestock
Mushroom Forum
Organic Gardening Forums
Organic Gardening Forum
Organic Insect & Disease Control
Flowers – Trees – Lawns
Hydrangea Forum
Growing Perennials
Rose Forum
Lilacs
Trees – Shrubs – Hedges
Lawn Care
Composting Forum
Cactus Forum
Bonsai Forums
Gardening Books
Select Page
Privacy Policy
The Helpful Gardener respects your privacy. We do not use your email for any marketing efforts, and all email addresses submitted to us are kept in strict confidence and never shared with any third parties.
Cookies
We use cookies in our forum as part of the normal way of identifying you for the purpose of giving you private access to your Private Mail box, as well as allowing you to post under your chosen username. We do not use cookies to personally identify you.
The Helpful Gardener respects your privacy. Should you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please email us: admin at helpfulgardener.com
Advertising Disclosure
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, then please visit this URL http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
HelpfulGardener.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk.
Some links to Amazon.com products, including links posted by members, may contain codes that let’s Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk know that the referral came from the HelpfulGardener.com website. This allows them to track where the link visitor originated from and gives HelpfulGardener.com monetary compensation (referral fees) from any sales.
If you would like to discuss our advertising policy please email us: admin at helpfulgardener.com
Thanks!
New!
How to Keep Deer Out of Your Garden
Beneficial Insects – A Safe Way to Deal with Garden Pests
A – Z Guide on How to Grow Tomatoes
How to Grow Herbs
Grow Lots of Vegetables from Scratch
Explore
Bonsai
Container Gardening
Flower Gardening
Garden Ideas
Gardening Tips
Hydrangeas
Japanese Gardening
Organic Gardening
Perennials
Roses
Tools & Gear
Vegetable Gardening
Copyright 2003 - 2018 © HelpfulGardener.com
contact
about
privacy and advertising disclosure
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Gmail
Yahoo Mail
Print Friendly