https://www.liveabout.com/these-new-putters-help-golfers-boss-the-moss-4126696
Share
PINTEREST
Email
Print
Sports & Athletics
Golf
Gear
Basics
History
Golf Courses
Famous Golfers
Golf Tournaments
Baseball
Basketball
Bicycling
Billiards
Bodybuilding
Bowling
Boxing
Car Racing
Cheerleading
Cricket
Extreme Sports
Football
Gymnastics
Ice Hockey
Martial Arts
Professional Wrestling
Skateboarding
Skating
Paintball
Soccer
Swimming & Diving
Table Tennis
Tennis
Track & Field
Volleyball
Other Activities
Learn More
By
Brent Kelley
Brent Kelley is an award-winning sports journalist and golf expert with over 30 years in print and online journalism.
our editorial process
Brent Kelley
Updated August 25, 2018
Putters are the most personal of golf clubs: In addition to the technical aspects that golfers consider, those sometimes-elusive qualities of feel and confidence play a huge role in putting success. Which is why so many golfers love to experiment with new and different putters. And what's new in the world of golf putters? That's why we're here.
01
of 07
Scotty Cameron Select 2018 Models
Acushnet Golf
Scotty Cameron Select putters updated for 2018 become available from Titleist beginning in late March. The line includes seven models:
"The new Select line features seven tour-validated modern blade and mid-mallet models. The new Select Laguna joins Scotty’s classic Select Newport, Newport 2 and Newport 2.5 blade styles, while the popular Fastback and Squareback names return in updated mid-mallet offerings. Rounding out the line is the heel-shafted mid-mallet Select Newport 3."
The updates include increased vibration-dampening and refinements in the shaping of the putter heads. Also, Titleist says the putter designer has refined the sole shaping by shifting the sole's balance point forward, accounting for the weight of the shaft. The result, Cameron says, are putters that sit square at address.
Each of the seven models in the 2018 Scotty Cameron Select line carry MAPs of $399. See the Cameron website for additional details.
02
of 07
Cleveland TFi 2135 Satin Putters
The 1.0 model of Cleveland's 2017 TFi 2135 Satin putters.
Cleveland Golf
Cleveland Golf has updated its TFi 2135 Satin putter line with five new head shapes. The new models include new alignment and speed control technologies as well as a new tour satin color scheme.
The five models of the TFi 2135 Satin putters are available for presale as of Aug. 28, 2017, and officially launch Sept. 15, 2017.
The speed-control tech is what Cleveland calls "Speed Optimized Milling," designed to produce putts that roll the same distance regardless of where the ball contacts the putter face.
This putter line gets its name from the fact that the alignment lines are raised 21.35 millimeters - the height of a golf ball radius - off the ground. In the new models, those sightlines are higher-contrast.
The TFi 2135 Satin standard models are 1.0, Rho, Elevado and Cero; the counterbalanced models are 8.0 and Elevado CB. Standard heads with the midsized pistol grip are $149.99 MAP. Standard heads with oversized grips are $159.99 MAP. Counterbalanced models are $179.99 MAP. clevelandgolf.com
03
of 07
Scotty Cameron Futura 5.5M
Acushnet Golf
What's the hallmark of the Futura 5.5 by Scotty Cameron? Titleist's putter designer says this putter combines "the forgiveness of a mallet with the feel of a blade." It's a high-MOI mallet built with enhanced toe flow.
"Toe flow" is the term applied to how much a putter face opens and closes during a putting stroke. Putters with more toe flow are putters that have more toe hang, and putters with more toe hang are best-suited to golfers who use an arcing putting stroke.
And arcing putting strokes are usually more associated with blade-style putters, not high-MOI mallets. Hence, the Futura 5.5 is called by Cameron a mallet with the feel of a blade.
The Cameron Futura 5.5M becomes available Aug. 25, 2017, in North America and Sept. 22, 2017 around the world. The MSRP is $410. See scottycameron.com for more info.
04
of 07
Cameron & Crown Putters by Scotty Cameron
Soles of four models from Titleist's Cameron & Crown putter line.
Acushnet Company
Are you a golfer who, because of your stature or merely because of preference, needs a shorter putter? Then the latest putters from Titleist and Scotty Cameron are worth a look
The four models in the Cameron & Crown family are all 33 inches in length. The four models have head designs from the Futura and Select putter lines. Those four head styles are the Select Newport, Select Mallet 1, Futura 5MB and Futura 6M, all of which should be familiar to Scotty Cameron fans.
The heads are weighted to work best with the shorter length, and the putters come with smaller diameter gray Matador grips.
The 2017 Cameron & Crown putters reach golf shops in the United States on June 16, 2017, and worldwide on July 21. The U.S. MSRP is $410, MAP $379. scottycameron.com
05
of 07
Harmonix Live Head Putters
Harmonix Golf
There are a lot of odd-looking putters out there, and the Harmonix might be one of the oddest with its tuning-fork appearance. And "tuning fork" is an apt descriptive term for another reason: the pleasing tone emitted at impact. That's what gives the Harmonix putters their name.
The Live Head putters by Harmonix create, the company says, zero backspin, so the ball gets its forward spin immediately. This helps the ball go exactly where the golfer aims the putter, the company says.
Harmonix Live Head putters also incorporate several types of wood in their design, a rarity in any golf club these days. That includes a wood grip, which the company describes as "warm and natural to the touch and a fraction of the weight of ordinary shafts."
At the time of writing, the putters are selling for $399 on the Harmonix website.
06
of 07
3 New Putters in the Cleveland Huntington Beach Family
Cleveland's HB3 model putter.
Cleveland Golf
Cleveland Golf unveiled its new family of Huntington Beach putters late in 2016, but with only three models in the line at that time. Now, Cleveland is releasing three new models: The HB3, HB6C and HB10 putters.
All are milled, stainless steel putters designed to deliver consistent strikes in classic shapes. The diamond-shaped milling pattern on the clubfaces is four times deeper than previous Cleveland models.
The three new HB putters hit retail outlets beginning April 14, 2017, with MAPs of $99.99. They come in lengths of 33, 34 and 35 inches with Midsize Blue grips (or, for a $10 upcharge, a WinnPro X grip). clevelandgolf.com
07
of 07
Ping Camo Design PLD2
Ping's Camo Design PLD2 putter.
Ping Golf
Who wants a camo-inspired putter design? Ping Golf has you covered with two limited-edition PLD2 putters - the Camo Ketsch Realtree Xtra and the Camo Ketsch Muddy Girl, both from Ping Putting Lab Design.
The Ketsch putter heads are milled 6061 aluminum; the soles have 17-4 stainless steel weights to move the center of gravity lower; the tops of the putters offer contrasting sightlines. The graphics on top of the camo design are orange on the Realtree Xtra and pink on the Muddy Girl.
The $325 MSRP includes matching camo headcovers. ping.com.
Scotty Cameron Futura X7, X7M and X7M Dual Balance Putters
New Hybrid Golf Clubs: See What's in Pro Shops Now
The Heavy Putter and the Purpose of Counterbalancing in Putters
New Golf Wedges: The Latest in Short-Game Weapons
New Golf Drivers: Let These Big Dogs Eat
These New Fairway Woods Are Ready for Play
Titleist's 716 Series Irons and 816H Hybrids
Ping Announces Complete New Line of Clubs, the G5 Series
TaylorMade M1 Golf Clubs
TaylorMade M2 Golf Clubs: Driver, Fairways, Rescues, Irons In Family
Golf Gear & Equipment
Golf Accessories: The Latest in Goodies for the Course
New Golf Bags and Push Carts
New Golf Balls on the Market (or Coming Soon) That You'll Want to Try
Guide to Buying a Putter
Golf Equipment: On the Market and In the Know