http://www.lowcarb-recipes.net/policy.php
Low Carb Recipes
Recipe Categories
Appetizer
Soup
Salad
Main Dish
First Course
Beverage
Recipe Categories
Dessert
Breakfast
Holiday
Beef
Chicken
Fish, Seafood
Pasta
Pizza
Pork
Vegetable Dish
Vegetarian
Add a Recipe
Privacy Policy
We are glad of your interest in LowCarb-Recipes.net. We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
We can be reached via email at info@lowcarb-recipes.net.
For each visitor to our Web Page, our Web Server automatically logs statistical information such as the user's IP address, browser type, and the site where the user came from. We do not set any cookies. None of this
information can be used to personally identify an individual user. The information stored on our server may be used to provide statistics about the usage of this site, for the purpose of improving
this site and to provide statistical information to advertisers. Only aggregated information is given, and the log file itself is not available to the public.
To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your
visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. An advertiser may also display an advertisement that contains a cookie.
These cookies are not sent from our site and we have no access to the information in these cookies.
For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
- TafMaster
- Google Adsense
This site contains links to other sites.LowCarbRecipes.net is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such Web Sites.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future
we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information
is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
If you feel this site is not following it's stated privacy policy, you may contact us at the above address.
Disclaimer · Privacy policy ·