https://www.no-dig-vegetablegarden.com/website-policies.html
Home
No Dig/No Till
Starting Your Garden
Plan Your Garden
Build Your Garden
Garden Info
Sowing Guides
Garden Watering Tips
Companion Planting
Crop Rotation
Pests & Diseases
Beneficial Garden Insects
Garden Weeds
No Dig Ideas
Kids Gardening
Container Gardens
Raised Bed Gardens
No Till Gardening
What You Need
Plants
Seeds & Seedlings
Sowing Guides
Vegetables to Grow
Flowers & Fruit
Herbs
Garden Materials
Compost Making
Organic Fertilizers
Mulch & Manure etc
Garden Tools
Garden Gossip
FAQs
Yarns & Tips
Sustainable Gardening & Eco Living Articles
Gardening Jokes, Quotes & Poems
Recipes
Eco Gifts & Goodies
Shopping Ideas
Garden Books
This & That
About Me
Blog: What's New
Garden Site Map
Newsletter Sign up & Back Issues
Website Policies
Contact Me
No-dig Organic Gardening Website Policies
Privacy Policy
No Dig Vegetable Garden is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that we at No Dig Vegetable Garden are not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. It's not something we would even think about doing. But just to give you complete confidence in us, and to show we value your privacy 100%, in this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided lots of detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. Settle back and enjoy reading on.
Types of data we collect
Website Cookies
Our websites use cookies to collect information.
Detailed information is set out in our Cookie Policy below.
What are cookies?
Like most websites, No Dig Vegetable Garden website use cookies to collect information.
Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smart ‘phones or ‘tablets’) as you browse this website.
They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our websites.
Cookies are essential for the effective operation of our websites and to help you shop with us online.
They are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to you, both on our websites and elsewhere.
Information collected
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour when you access this website via the same computer or device.
This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and your journey around a website.
We do not use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or other contact details.
No Dig Vegetable Garden can use cookies to monitor your browsing and purchasing behaviour.
How are cookies managed?
The cookies stored on your computer or other device when you access our website are designed by:
- No Dig Vegetable Garden, or on behalf of No Dig Vegetable Garden, and are necessary to enable you to a make purchases on our website
- third parties who participate with us in marketing programmes; and
- third parties who broadcast web banner advertisements on behalf of No Dig Vegetable Garden.
What are cookies used for?
The main purposes for which cookies are used are: -
For technical purposes essential to effective operation of our websites, particularly in relation to on-line transactions and site navigation.
For No Dig Vegetable Garden to market to you, particularly web banner advertisements and targeted updates.
To enable No Dig Vegetable Garden to collect information about your browsing and shopping patterns, including to monitor the success of campaigns, competitions etc.
To enable No Dig Vegetable Garden to meet its contractual obligations to make payments to third parties when a product is purchased by someone who has visited our website from a site operated by those parties.
How do I disable cookies?
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies.
How you can do this will depend on the browser you use.
Further details on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers are set out below: -
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Choose the menu “tools” then "Internet Options"
Click on the "privacy" tab
Select the setting the appropriate setting.
For Google Chrome:
Choose Settings> Advanced
Under "Privacy and security," click "Content settings"
Click "Cookies."
For Safari:
Choose Preferences > Privacy
Click on "Remove all Website Data."
For Mozilla Firefox:
Choose the menu "tools" then "Options"
Click on the icon "privacy"
Find the menu "cookie" and select the relevant options.
For Opera 6.0 and further:
Choose the menu "Files"> "Preferences"
Privacy.
What happens if I disable cookies?
This depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the website may not operate properly if cookies are switched off.
If you only disable third party cookies, you will not be prevented from making purchases on our sites.
If you disable all cookies, you will be unable to complete a purchase on our sites.
Google Analytics
When someone visits www.no-dig-vegetablegarden.com we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Mailing Lists
As part of the registration process for our e-newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don't rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails, or by sending us an email from our Contact form.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to us here on our Contact form.
Affiliates:
www.no-dig-vegetablegarden.com also may or may not earn money from third party sites through affiliate links on this site. Your support of sponsors and recommended sites and/or products is greatly appreciated. Thank you.
www.no-dig-vegetablegarden.com is not responsible for third party sites, content, or their operators, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
No Dig Vegetable Garden values our customers’ privacy; therefore, this privacy policy will be reviewed periodically and as required by internet regulations. The current update was done on 25 May 2018.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer by using our contact form or by mail at:
No Dig Vegetable Garden, PO Box 25-369, Wellington 6146, NZ.
……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………
SHIPPING TIMES
For any products on our site
Most of our items ship with our Standard shipping. We strive to ship domestic inventory next business day and typical USPS shipping times are from 2 to 7 days. For promotional sale products and/or promotional shipping items, please allow 2 to 5 weeks.
HOME page: No Dig Vegetable Garden
[?] Subscribe To Website Updates
The coolest little Newsletter around
Avoid the tragics — grab the tips.
Subscribe Free to our monthly Diggers' Rest Newsletter below!
Email
Name
Then
Your e-mail address is totally secure.
I promise to use it only to send you information on No-dig Gardening.
Garden Gift Hub
is one of the most thoughtful and interesting places on the web to find original and useful gardening and nature inspired products.
What's New Blog  |
About Me  | Contact Me  |  Site Map  |  Newsletter  |  Website Policies
Copyright© 2008-2020 All Rights Reserved
Contact |
Home
WELCOME
Home
What's New on No Dig Garden's Blog
NO DIG GARDENING
Plan Your Garden
Build Your Garden
Raised Bed Gardens
Kids Gardening
Container Gardens
GARDEN PLANTS
Seeds & Seedlings
Sowing Guides
Vegetables to Grow
Flowers & Fruit
Herbs
GARDEN MATERIALS
Compost
Organic Fertilizers
Mulch & Manure etc
Garden Watering Tips
Garden Tools
GARDEN INFORMATION
Pests & Diseases
Beneficial Garden Insects
Garden Weeds
Companion Planting
Crop Rotation
Garden Shop
Link Seven
YOUR GARDEN PAGES
FAQ on Gardening
YOUR Stories & Tips
Gardening Jokes, Quotes & Poems
ECO LIVING
Recipes
Sustainable Gardening & Eco Living Articles