http://www.reevoo.com/pages/privacy_policy
Real reviews, from customers like you
companies
Fridge Freezers
Televisions
Ovens
Tumble Dryers
more products
3d Glasses
Accessories
Adsl Microfilters
Aerials
Air Conditioning
Coffee Makers
Cooker Hoods
Cookers
Digital Cameras
Dishwashers
Freezers
Fridge Freezers
Hobs
Laptop
Microwaves
Monitors
Ovens
Printers
Speakers
Tablet Pcs
Televisions
Tumble Dryers
Vacuum Cleaners
Washer Dryers
Washing Machines
see all products
Home
>
Privacy Policy
>
Privacy Policy
Last updated:
24 April 2020Section 1: IntroductionWe are Reevoo Limited, a UK company which is registered with the UK Information Commissioner as a data controller (registration number ICO Z9127809). We are committed to ensuring that you understand when and how we collect and use your personal information, and how we protect it.This Policy explains:the types of personal information that we collect or receive from companies that we work for, and what we do with that information;when and why we will share personal information with other organisations;how and why we use cookies;the measures that we take to protect your data; andyour rights and choices when it comes to your personal information.Please note that the types of personal information that we collect and receive, and the way that we use and share that data, will depend on how you interact with Reevoo, and what services you choose to use. In each of the Sections of this Policy we therefore refer to some or all of the following services to help you understand how the services that you use will affect the way that your data is dealt with:Reviews and other content – this is where you provide a review or other content relating to your shopping experience in response to an email that we send on behalf of one of the companies that we work for.Conversations – this is where you agree to answer questions from other consumers about the product or service that you have bought.Reevoo Shopping – this is where you visit or use Reevoo Shopping at https://www.reevoo.com/shopping.Consumer Panel – this is where, as well as providing a review or other content relating to your shopping experience, you also choose to become a member of our Consumer Panel, participating in surveys about different products and services.Please also note that our websites and emails may contain links to other websites operated by other organisations that have their own privacy policies. Please make sure you read their terms and conditions and privacy policies carefully before providing any personal information on their websites and mobile apps, as we cannot be responsible for the way that they deal with your personal information.Thank you for taking the time to read our Privacy Policy. We may from time to time make changes to this Policy as and when required and, although we will do our best to give you advance notice of any changes via our website, please do check it whenever you visit us or use our services.If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy or the way that Reevoo collects and uses your personal information, please contact us at feedback@reevoo.com or by writing to us at 2nd Floor Walbrook Wharf, 78-83 Upper Thames Street, London EC4R 3TD. Section 2: The types of personal information that we collect or receive, what we do with the information, and how long we keep itThis section describes the types of personal information that we collect or receive, what we do with the information, and how long we keep it for. We process all your personal information in accordance with local data protection and privacy laws.Reviews and other contentCompanies ask us to collect and display user opinions on their behalf about products and services that their customers have purchased from them. We do this by sending their customers an email on behalf of the company with a request that the customer completes a questionnaire about the product or service that they have bought, or provides a description of their experience of purchasing the product or service and dealing with the company.In order for us to be able to send these emails on behalf of the company, the company will provide us with the email addresses and first names of those of their customers for whom they legally are allowed to have us contact them. The company does not provide us with any other personal information, so for example we never receive the customers’ addresses, phone numbers or personal payment details such as credit card numbers.If you provide the same email address to more than one company that we work for, we will automatically match the data coming from these companies. The main reason for doing so is to prevent us from sending more than one email to you, for example, one on behalf of the manufacturer of the car that you bought and one on behalf of the dealership from which you bought the car.We delete all the personal information that we hold about you (that is, email addresses and first names) from our database as follows:If you choose not to complete a questionnaire about the product or service that you have bought, we delete your personal information within 60 days of the date that we emailed you.If you provide your opinion and/or other content in response to the questionnaire, we delete your personal information within 3 years of the date that the content was submitted.Please note, however, that when providing these services on behalf of one of the companies that we work for, the company remains the “data controller”, i.e. they are primarily responsible for your personal information, and if you have any questions or concerns about the information that they hold about you or the way that they use that information (including the fact that they have shared your personal information with us and asked us to contact you), then please refer to their privacy policy or contact them directly. You will find details of our client company’s privacy policy in emails that we send on their behalf.If you have asked us if you can provide a review without us having sent you an email on behalf of our client company, then you will you will be providing your personal information to us directly and Reevoo will be the data controller of that information. In these circumstances we will use and then delete your personal information in the same way as if we were collecting your personal information on behalf of our client company.ConversationsWhen we send you an email on behalf of the company that we are working to ask you to complete a questionnaire for we may also ask you if you want to participate in the Conversations service (previously called Ask an Owner), answering questions from other consumers about a product or service that you have bought from the company.If you choose to opt in to Conversation, then we will use your personal information to enable you to participate in the services and we will delete your personal information within 3 years of you providing your last reply. If you ask a question in our Conversations service, we delete your personal information within 6 months of you receiving the last reply.As with Reviews and other content, we normally provide the Conversations service on behalf of the company that we are working for, and the company therefore remains the data controller. If, however, you have asked us if you can participate in Conversations without us having sent you an email on behalf of our client company, then you will you will be providing your personal information to us directly and Reevoo will be the data controller of that information. In these circumstances we will use and then delete your personal information in the same way as if we were collecting your personal information on behalf of our client company.Reevoo ShoppingWhen you visit the Reevoo Shopping website at https://www.reevoo.com/shopping, we will send cookies to your PC or other device and also use other internet tracking technologies to collect data about when and how you use the Reevoo Shopping website. Some of this data contains personal information, and you can find out more about cookies that we send, what information the cookies collect, how we use that information, and how to disable cookies in Section 4 below.Apart from personal information forming part of the data that we collect using cookies and other internet tracking technologies, we do not request or collect any other personal information.Consumer PanelWhen we send you an email on behalf of a company that we work for requesting that you complete a questionnaire, we may also ask you to become a member of our Consumer Panel, participating in surveys about different products and services. If you choose to opt in to Consumer Panel then you will be providing your email address and first name to Reevoo directly (and not to a company that Reevoo works for), and Reevoo will be the “data controller”. We will however only use your personal information for the purpose of enabling you to participate in Consumer Panel, and we will delete your personal information within 3 years after our last email to you. In certain circumstances if you have agreed to trial a product, we may need to ask you for your telephone number in order to arrange delivery of any relevant products. Section 3: When and why we share your personal information with other organisationsAll the data that we collect, including your encrypted personal information, is stored on our behalf by Amazon Web Services (AWS), a global cloud storage provider.We use Emailcenter, a third party email service provider, to send our emails. Emailcenter are required to delete all email addresses from their system within 14 days after the emails have been sent.We use MailChimp to contact members of our Consumer Panel. MailChimp are required to delete all email addresses from their systems within 14 days after the emails have been sent.We may need to give your contact information to product manufacturers or their agents in order to arrange any delivery of products necessary to trial a product.We may from time to time share your personal information with other third party services providers, but we will always ensure that all third parties with whom we share your personal information have appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to protect your personal information, and that they comply with all applicable data protection laws.We may disclose your personal information to any relevant authority if we are required to do so by law, or if we think the disclosure is appropriate. We may also disclose your personal information in connection with actual or potential legal proceedings: (a) if we are required to do so by law; or (b) if such disclosures may potentially reduce our liability; or (c) to enforce our rights. Section 4: How and why we use cookiesReevoo ShoppingReevoo Shopping collects the following information for the following reasons:What: Technical informationDescription: Reevoo servers may record various pieces of technical information your computer sends to us when visiting our site, such as IP address, browser version and capabilities, and referring site addresses.Who: All usersWhy and how: To make the site more secure and easier to use; to monitor and troubleshoot performance and reliability issues; and to judge the effectiveness of specific features and marketing campaigns. We only make use of aggregated data. We do not use technical information to identify you personally.Shared with: Amazon Web Services, Google AnalyticsHow long: indefinitelyWhat: Usage informationDescription: We may store what products you view on reevoo.com, what links you click on or what information you have entered previously on our sites, including what you searched for on reevoo.com. Some of that information we store in a small file on your computer called cookie. We use web beacons to track what you view and click on the site and any emails we send you. See web beacons on Wikipedia. We use Google Analytics.Who: All users accepting cookiesWhy and how: To make things easier for you the next time you visit reevoo.com. If you don’t want this, you can clear cookies in your browser at any time, or set your browsers preference not to accept new cookies. Please refer to the Help section in your browser (e.g., search for “cookies”). If you do not want us to use web beacons on you, please follow the instructions for how to opt out of Google Analytics. Alternatively, disable Javascript in your browser, but note many other parts of the site may not work as well then.Shared with: Amazon Web Services, Google AnalyticsHow long: indefinitely (tracking) and 1 year (cookies)What: Referrer stringDescription: Reevoo servers record the keyword you entered on a search engine immediately prior to landing on our site. Reevoo can not see your entire search history, only the last text that lead to you landing on Reevoo Shopping.Who: All users coming directly from a search engineWhy and how: To try to provide you with a better experience, knowing what you are looking for.Shared with: Amazon Web Services, Google AnalyticsHow long: indefinitely.What: CommunicationsDescription: Users used to be able to opt to receive our regular newsletters by email for notifications of competitions, deals, latest news and invites to do interesting things.Who: already registered users. New users can no longer register.Why and how: We only use the email address for what you provided it in the first place. You can easily opt out of receiving the emails by unsubscribing on the link at the bottom of the emails we send.Shared with: Amazon Web Services, Google AnalyticsHow long: indefinitely until you opt-out.What: SharingDescription: You can choose to share pages with a friend via email, Facebook, Twitter or other social networks.Who: All users who shareWhy and how: We store the fact that you shared and which network, but we do not store or use the contact details of your friends you share pages with.Shared with: Amazon Web Services, Google Analytics. The social networks are likely do their own tracking as well.How long: indefinitely.What: Personal info - reviewingDescription: Consumers who wish to review a product or service can, provided they supply proof of purchase, write a review. Almost all of the reviews on this site come from people who were invited to write a review, see Section 1 above.Who: ReviewersWhy and how: We need your email address to send you a link to our questionnaire. Section 1 applies to those who follow this link.Shared with: Amazon Web Services, EmailCenterHow long: 3 yearsWhat: Personal info Ask an OwnerDescription: You can opt to use our Ask an Owner function, on our site or any of our partner sites. You are asked to provide their email address and first name. It is not required to do so.Who: Question askersWhy and how: To be able to notify you when there is an answer waiting for you. We will not reveal your email address to the owner, nor will we publish it on the web.Shared with: Amazon Web ServicesHow long: 3 yearsWhat: AggregatedDescription: We gather non-personally identifiable aggregate data of all kinds of service usage.Who: All usersWhy and how: To improve the service and get insights into online shopping behaviour trends, which we may sell to business partners.Shared with: Amazon Web Services, Google AnalyticsHow long: indefinitelyWhat: Banner and text advertisingDescription: Banner and text ads on Reevoo.com, when shown, are handled by the advertising technology third parties listed below. They store which types of products you view (e.g.,”home entertainment”), and which advertiser’s ads you saw on reevoo.com in small files on your computer called cookies.Who: All users accepting cookies and trackingWhy and how: To give you relevant advertisement on Reevoo.com and on other sites that partner with these third parties. These third parties cannot read the contents of Reevoo’s cookie. You can stop having your web usage information used to target ads to you by opting out of targeted ads.Shared with: Unanimis Ltd, IMS, IDGTN, Criteo, Captify, Yahoo, BlueKai, Magnetic and Adjug.How long: indefinitely (tracking) and 1 year (cookies)Reviews and Opt-in servicesCookies and tracking: While you read emails that you receive from us on behalf of the company that we work for and then click through to the Questionnaire, we collect the following information:What: Technical informationDescription: Reevoo servers may record various pieces of technical information your computer sends to us when reading our email and visiting our site, such as IP address, browser version and capabilities, and referring site addresses.Who: All usersWhy and how: To make the process more secure and easier to use; to monitor and troubleshoot performance and reliability issues; and to judge the effectiveness of specific features and marketing campaigns. We only make use of aggregated data. We do not use technical information to identify you personally.Shared with: Amazon Web Services, Google AnalyticsHow long: indefinitelyWhat: Usage informationDescription: We may store what links you click on or how you fill out the Questionnaire. Some of that information we store in a small file on your computer called cookie. We use web beacons to track what you view and click on the Questionnaire and any emails we send you. See web beacons on Wikipedia. We use Google Analytics and SnowPlow. We also sometimes use SessionCam, a service that tracks mouse movements, clicks and scrolling.Who: All users accepting cookies and trackingWhy and how: To optimize our service to get the most reviews and improve usability of our review collection service. If you don’t want this, you can clear cookies in your browser at any time, or set your browsers preference not to accept new cookies. Please refer to the Help section in your browser (e.g., search for “cookies”). If you do not want us to use web beacons on you, please follow the instructions for how to opt out of Google Analytics. Alternatively, disable Javascript in your browser, but note many other parts of the site may not work as well then.Shared with: Amazon Web Services, Google AnalyticsHow long: indefinitely (tracking) and 1 year (cookies) Section 5: How we protect your informationAnonymisation and encryption: When we store, transmit and otherwise process your personal information such as email addresses, we make extensive efforts to protect that information from unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction and to make sure that anyone with whom we share your personal information do the same. These steps include the use of firewalls, network-layer encryption such as SSL and dedicated monitoring systems. We also limit access to personal information to only those employees who we believe reasonably need to have access to that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.No guarantee: No data transmissions over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.Notification: If we learn of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may post a notice on our website if a security breach occurs. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. Section 6: Your rights and choices when it comes to your personal informationThis section deals with your rights in relation to personal information that we hold as the data controller. As explained in Section 2 above, where we have received your information from a company that we work for then that company will be the data controller and you should contact them directly if you have any questions or concerns about the way that your personal information is being used.How to withdraw your consentYou can withdraw your consent to our holding your personal information at any time by clicking the opt out/unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of the emails you've received from us, or by telling us on feedback@reevoo.com or by writing to us at 2nd Floor Walbrook Wharf, 78-83 Upper Thames Street, London EC4R 3TD. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain services to you.Telling us that your personal information is incorrectIf you think that any information we have about you is wrong, incomplete or out of date, then you have the right to request that we look into and, if necessary, rectify it. If you want to do this, please contact us on feedback@reevoo.com or write to us at 2nd Floor Walbrook Wharf, 78-83 Upper Thames Street, London EC4R 3TD.How to get a copy of your personal informationIf you want a copy of all the personal information that we have you about you, then you can ask us to provide this on feedback@reevoo.com or by writing to us at 2nd Floor Walbrook Wharf, 78-83 Upper Thames Street, London EC4R 3TD.You can also get a copy of certain personal information as a digital file, so you can keep and use it yourself, and give it to other organisations if you want to. Again, please contact us on feedback@reevoo.com or by writing to us at 2nd Floor Walbrook Wharf, 78-83 Upper Thames Street, London EC4R 3TD.Right to objectYou can object to us keeping or using your personal information (known as the ‘right to object’) if:The information is not accurateThe information has been used unlawfully but you don’t want us to delete itThe information is not relevant any more, but you want us to keep it for use in legal claimsYou have already asked us to stop using your information but you are waiting for us to tell you if we are allowed to keep on using it.Please contact us on feedback@reevoo.com or by writing to us at 2nd Floor Walbrook Wharf, 78-83 Upper Thames Street, London EC4R 3TD if you would like to object to us keeping or using your personal information.Right to restrict processing of personal informationYou can request us to restrict processing your personal information if you believe that:Any of the information that we hold about you is inaccurateWe no longer need to process your information for the purposes for which it was provided, but you require the information to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; orWe are not using your information in a lawful manner.If you would like us to restrict the processing of your personal information, then please contact us on feedback@reevoo.com or write to us at 2nd Floor Walbrook Wharf, 78-83 Upper Thames Street, London EC4R 3TD.Right to be forgottenYou can also ask us to delete, remove, or stop using your personal information if, for example, you don't want us to send you any emails (known as the ‘right to erasure’ or the ‘right to be forgotten’). Please note that there may be legal or other official reason why we may need to keep or use your information for certain limited purpose.If you would like to exercise your right to be 'forgotten' and for Reevoo to stop using and to delete your personal information, then please click the opt out/unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of the emails you've receive from us, or contact us on feedback@reevoo.com or write to us at 2nd Floor Walbrook Wharf, 78-83 Upper Thames Street, London EC4R 3TD.How to complainPlease let us know if you are unhappy with how we have used your personal information by contacting us on feedback@reevoo.com.You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office. You can find out how to report a concern at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
Who are Reevoo?
About Reevoo
Who writes the reviews?
Reevoo for business
Customer Info
Privacy policy
Terms & conditions
FAQs
Reevoo™  is a registered trademark of Reevoo Ltd. Trademark 2005-2020 Reevoo Ltd.
2nd Floor Walbrook Wharf, 78-83 Upper Thames Street, London, EC4R 3TD
shopping@reevoo.com
Cookies:
Just like everyone else, we use cookies to track and improve your experience.
Our cookies policy lives here.