http://www.positivediscipline.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Terms and Conditions
Copyright and Trade Notice
Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of Positive Discipline, Copyright © 2006, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without our prior written permission. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
Credit Cards
We accept PayPal and the following credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases. Please be sure to provide your exact billing address and telephone number (i.e. the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you). Incorrect information will cause a delay in processing your order.
Links
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that we're not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.
Multiple Product Orders
For a multiple product order, we will make every attempt to ship all products contained in the order at the same time. Products that are unavailable at the time of shipping will be shipped as they become available, unless you inform us otherwise. You will only be charged for products contained in a given shipment, plus any applicable shipping charges. You will only be charged for shipping at the rate quoted to you on your purchase receipt. The entirety of this shipping charge may be applied to the first product(s) shipped on a multiple shipment order.
Order Acceptance Policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Positive Discipline reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item.
Other Conditions
These Conditions will supersede any terms and/or conditions you include with any purchase order, regardless of whether Positive Discipline signs them or not. We reserve the right to make changes to this site and these Conditions at any time.
Out-of-Stock Products
We will ship your product as it becomes available. Usually, products ship the same day if ordered by 12:00 Noon, or by the next business day if your order is received after this time and for orders received on Saturday, Sunday or any major holiday. However, there may be times when the product you have ordered is out-of-stock which will delay fulfilling your order. We will keep you informed of any products that you have ordered that are out-of-stock and unavailable for immediate shipment. You may cancel your order at any time prior to shipping.
Privacy
We keep your personal information private and secure. When you make a purchase from our site, you provide your name, email address, credit card information, address, phone number, and a password. We use this information to process your orders, to keep you updated on your orders and to personalize your shopping experience.
Our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption techniques and firewall technology.
We use "cookies" to keep track of your current shopping session to personalize your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping cart at any time.
Privacy on Other Web Sites
Other sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site's privacy policy. Our Store is not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Returns
We will gladly accept the return of products that are defective due to defects in manufacturing and/or workmanship for 90 days from the date of purchase. Fulfillment mistakes that we make resulting in the shipment of incorrect product to you will also be accepted for return 90 days from the date of purchase.
Shipping Policy
Shipping Time -- Most orders received before 12:00 Noon will ship the same day, provided the product ordered is in stock. Most orders received after 12:00 Noon will ship the next business day. Orders are not processed or shipped on Saturday or Sunday, except by prior arrangement.
We cannot guarantee when an order will arrive. Consider any shipping or transit time offered to you by Sample Store or other parties only as an estimate. We encourage you to order in a timely fashion to avoid delays caused by shipping or product availability.
Free Shipping coupons are valid for domestic standard shipping only. If you would like a product shipped via express shipping you may not use the coupon and must pay the related shipping costs.
International orders may incur additional duties and taxes imposed by the government. The recipient is responsible to pay all such duties and taxes.
Taxes
Our Store shall automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within the same state. For orders shipped to other states, you are solely responsible for all sales taxes or other taxes.
Typographical Errors
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, Positive Discipline shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Positive Discipline shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Positive Discipline shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Products by Category
Parents
Teachers
Books
Tool Cards
Manuals
Download ProductsOnline Streaming
E-Book Downloads
Audio
Couples
Discount Packages
Certification
Foreign Translations
Trainers
Quick Links
Shopping cart
Purchase Orders
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Online Learning
Positive Discipline offers online learning options for parents, teachers, and parent educators. Learn in the comfort of your own home and at your own pace. You have unlimited access to our online streaming programs, so you can watch and re-watch the videos as often as you like.
LEARN MORE