http://www.bhwp.org/privacy/
VISITthe Preserve
Guide to Preserve Reopening
Purchase Tickets
Plan Your Visit
Hours and Admission
Directions
Map
Visitor Center
Tips for Visitors
What’s in Season
Spring
Summer
Fall
Winter
Things to See and Do
Calendar
Follow the Trails
For Kids & Families
For Birders
EXPLOREthe Grounds
A Sense of Place
Virtual Tour
Geology
Historic Land Use
History of the Preserve
Special Habitat Areas
Meadow
Aquetong Meadow
Penn’s Woods
Heritage Forest
Limestone Habitat
Founders’ Pond
Pond
Pidcock Creek, Dam & Mill Race
Green Labyrinth
Historic Elements
Stone Arch Bridge
Log Cabin
The Captain James Moore Pavilion
News
Twinleaf Newsletter
In the News
Accreditations & Affiliations
GROWNative Plants
About Native Plants
What is a Native Plant?
What is a Plant Community?
Why are Native Plants and Plant Communities Important?
Plant Stewardship at the Preserve
Native Plant Nursery
Buying Native Plants
Native Plant Catalog
Grow Houses
Plant Grants
Garden with Natives
Why Native Plants Matter
Native Plant Benefits
Understanding Plant Communities in Your Garden
Attracting Birds, Bees and Butterflies
Transitioning Your Garden
Get Started
Native Plant Profiles from A to Z
Right Plant, Right Place
Maintaining Your Garden
Invasive Species
What Threats Do Invasives Pose to Our Native Plant Communities?
Living Museum Collection of Native Plants
Curation & Acquisitions
Partnering with the Community
Contributing to Our Plant Collection
LEARN& Discover
Calendar
Tour the Preserve
Guided Wildflower Walks
Self-Guided Walks
Group Tours
Talks, Walks, & Lectures
Exploring Nature
Thursday Night Nature
Winter Lecture Series
Knowing Native Plants
Growing Native Plants
Specialty Walks
Workshops & Events
Ecology & Conservation
Art, Health & Nature
Birding Programs
Penn State Extension Programs
Kids & Family Programs
Children’s Summer Reading
Nature Buddies
Nature Explorations
Schools & Scouts
School Group Tours
Off-Site Programs
Scout Tour and Badge
Become a Naturalist
What is a Naturalist?
Ask a Naturalist
Naturalist Training Overviews
Core Training
Advanced Training
Supplemental Learning
Naturalist Fulfillment
Conferences & Symposia
Land Ethics Symposium
Land Ethics Award
Native Plants in the Landscape Conference at Millersville
Videos
PEOPLEof the Preserve
Our Story
Our Mission
What Makes Bowman’s Hill Wildflower Preserve Unique
Our Board & Advisors
Board of Trustees
Advisory Council
Our Staff
Our Volunteers
Voices of Our Volunteers
SPECIALEvents
Spring Wildflower Gala
About the Gala
Gala Sponsors & Sponsorship
Gala Auction
Your Event at the Preserve
Wedding & Event Venues
Policies & Fees
JOIN US& Support
Become a Member
Levels of Membership
Join Now!
Library Pass Program
Become a Volunteer
Opportunities for Everyone
Opportunities for Teens
Naturalist
Corporate Groups/Service Groups
Special Projects
Volunteer Application
Employment Opportunities
Give a Gift
Annual Fund
Endowment Fund
Memorial & Tribute Gifts
Bequests
Form 990
Become a Sponsor
Land Ethics Symposium
Native Plants in the Landscape Conference Millersville
Spring Wildflower Gala
Additional Sponsorship Opportunities
Pocket Habitats in the Community
Become a Business Partner
Become a Partner
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy
Online Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Bowman’s Hill Wildflower Preserve's web site. Ethical standards and principles are the foundation for maintaining public trust. Bowman’s Hill Wildflower Preserve takes your privacy seriously and treats all financial and personal information about any transaction you have with the Preserve as highly confidential.
Bowman's Hill Wildflower Preserve is committed to protecting your privacy and will never sell your name, address or other information to anyone. We have created this online privacy policy to explain our commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
About Your Privacy
Bowman’s Hill Wildflower Preserve does not share donor, constituent and/or prospect information, such as contributions, addresses, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, business information, etc. Database records and all associated lists and reports are confidential and the property of Bowman’s Hill Wildflower Preserve.
This Bill of Rights for charitable givers was developed by the following four industry experts: the American Association of Fund Raising Counsel, Association for Healthcare Philanthropy, Council for Advancement and Support of Education, and National Society of Fund Raising Executives. The Preserve endorses this industry-accepted policy.
Bowman’s Hill Wildflower Preserve collects information from site visitors at several different points on this website. This notice applies to all information collected by or submitted to our websites. On some pages, you can opt in to receive email communications, register for events, or send communications to our staff.
The types of personal information collected on these pages varies and can include:
Name of member or visitor
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit Card Information
If you do submit personal information to us, we will use that information for the purposes for which it was submitted including:
If you join our email list, we will have a record of your email address. We may send you occasional emails about our events or activities, as well as any specific issues or publications you have subscribed to. You will have the opportunity to unsubscribe from our mailing list.
If you sign up for or renew a Bowman’s Hill Wildflower Preserve membership, your personal information will be used to fulfill the financial transaction you have initiated, and your information will be added to our database for communication and maintenance regarding your membership.
Links to other Websites
This website may contain links to other websites for partner organizations, sponsors and additional products and services. Bowman’s Hill Wildflower Preserve is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
If you are concerned about how your information is used, please contact us with questions:Bowman’s Hill Wildflower PreservePO Box 685New Hope, PA 18938215.862.2924or by e-mail at bhwp@bhwp.org
Restrictions of Use
This site is owned and operated by Bowman’s Hill Wildflower Preserve. Materials found on this website may be used for non-commercial use only, providing all copyright and other proprietary notices are kept intact. You may not alter or attempt to alter any materials or information on the site, or the site itself. Linking to bhwp.org is acceptable and encouraged.
Make a donation to the Preserve today
Donate Now
Help support all of our work
Become a member today!
Join today
Membership includes admission to the Preserve and more!