https://www.thoughtco.com/helping-the-ld-child-with-organization-3111348
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
Father getting his son ready for school.
ImagesBazaar/Getty Images
For Educators
Special Education
Lesson Plans
Applied Behavior Analysis
Behavior Management
Math Strategies
Reading & Writing
Social Skills
Inclusion Strategies
Individual Education Plans
Becoming A Teacher
Assessments & Tests
Elementary Education
Secondary Education
Teaching
Homeschooling
By
Sue Watson
Education Expert
Sue Watson is a developmental support counselor who has worked in public education since 1991, specializing in developmental services, behavioral work, and special education.
our editorial process
Sue Watson
Updated April 30, 2017
Helping students with the organization is important. Organization skills are worthwhile life-long skills. Some people have a knack for great organization skills and some don't. Students with learning disabilities can benefit from the following strategies to help with organization.
Helping the child to develop a routine will ultimately lead to organization success. The goal of the organization is to eliminate tardiness, forgetfulness, lack of preparedness and procrastination. These habits need to be eliminated and replaced with strategies to ensure the student is utilizing good organization skills. Once again, a consistent approach that is reinforced on a regular basis will be a tremendous help.
A daily agenda or timetable should be with the student at all times during the school day and every effort should be in place to ensure that it's used regularly.If you have extra texts, it would benefit the student to have a copy at home.Checklists to ensure that all steps or procedures are followed should be plain view.Give the student organizers - graphic organizers, checklists, subtitles, outlines etc. that assist with written work and assignments.
Sample Agenda Type List PDFBreak down all items that are to be included in assignments and provide goals to be reached and ensure that checkpoints are in place.Teach the child how to highlight pertinent information and take notes that are meaningful.Communicate regularly about progress and strategies for improvement.Make sure that you have a positive home-school connection with the support needed to ensure success.Provide verbal prompts and cues to ensure the student is prepared. For example, ask the student what needs to be done on the given night. If he answers math, ask what is needed to complete the math. Help with verbal cues often which will eventually lead to the student reflecting back on what's needed.Sometimes a checklist stating what needs to be done and what's needed to do it is very helpful. At the end of each day, the child will ensure that both are complete.Some children have great organizational skills, however, many don't. Children need to be taught that everything has a place. Organization starts at home and there are many opportunities that parents can seize to help keep a child organized. Be sure that the child knows where his belongings go. Have a spot for books, toys, writing tools, collections etc. Remind the child where things go and how to create a home for belongings that don't yet have that special place.
How Mild Intellectual Disability Is Defined
Teaching Listening Comprehension to Special Ed Kids
Intervention Strategies for Students at Risk
Essential Strategies to Help You Become an Outstanding Student
Recognizing Characteristics of Deafness and Hearing Loss in Students
Dealing with Cleanliness in the Classroom
Teaching Life Skills in the Classroom
5 Tips to Help the Disorganized Student
Accommodations, Modifications, and Interventions in the Classroom
4 Tips for Effective Classroom Management
Assessing Students With Special Needs
A List of Accommodations to Support Student Success
10 Tips to Support Children with Language Processing Delays
Teaching Students with Down Syndrome
9 Strategies to Handle Difficult Behaviors in Children
The Inclusive Classroom as the Best Placement