http://www.centerforfamily.com/about-us/policies-practices/
Home Page
Adoption Blog | Contact Us
Follow Us:
Client Reviews
Call us: 800-869-1005
Menu
About Us
Overview
Meet our Staff
Why work with us?
Agency statistics
Policies and Practices
Annual Report
For Professionals
Make a referral
Training & Support
Unplanned Pregnancy
Overview
Find a family
Matched
Recently Adopted
Useful Information
Is adoption right for you
Birth parent services
How to choose a family
What you can expect
What are my options?
Request information
Resource center
Pregnancy Resources Illinois
Pregnancy Resources Indiana
Support for birth fathers
Frequently asked questions
Adoption glossary
Positive adoption language
Adoption myths and facts
Birth mother stories
Rights & responsibilities
Hoping to Adopt?
Overview
Application
Information session
Forms
Rights & Responsibilities
Resource center
Adoption myths and facts
Frequently asked questions
Suggested reading
Adoption benefit program
Donors
Donate Now
2019 Summer Fundraiser
20th Anniversary Party
Find a Family
Waiting
Matched
Recently Adopted
Adoption Education
Contact Us
Policies and practices
Adoption Center for Family Building offers a full range of personalized services to its clients.  Our staff and Board recognizes that every adoption is unique, as are the individuals involved in the process.  All adoption agencies are licensed by the state(s) in which they operate and are required to follow certain rules and procedures. At the same time, Adoption Center for Family Building is a small agency, striving to maintain flexibility, and offer services tailored to the individual.
Grievance procedure
All clients of the Agency have the right of grievance on matters related to fair and equitable provision of the Agency services. The grievance procedure is as follows
When a client files a grievance relating to service, an investigation of this complaint will be initiated within 2 business days.
The Executive Director is designated to accept all consumer complaints and maintain written documentation of complaints.
The outcome of the complaint investigation will be reported, in writing, to the client and to the DCFS Licensing Representative within 10 business day after the complaint is received.
Resolutions of all complaints shall be reported to the agency board of directors at its next meeting.
The client has a right to contact the Department of Children and Family Services for assistance. CFB staff will offer assistance to the client by providing the telephone number of this organization.
Client services will not to be denied, reduced, suspended or terminated for exercising a grievance.
The telephone number for the DCFS complaint registry is 866-730-5110.
Non-discrimination policy
CFB does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, marital status, ethnicity, gender or sexual orientation.
Preferential treatment
It is the policy of the Center to prohibit preferential treatment to any board member, contributors, volunteers, employees, agents, consultants or independent contractors or their relatives. Preferential treatment means any action that would allow any party to receive considerations with respect to the placement of a child or any matters that relates to adoption services different or more favorably than any other applicants.
Confidentiality statement
It is the policy of the Adoption Center for Family Building to respect the privacy and confidentiality of birthparents, adoptive parents and children placed for adoption through this agency. All client information is considered confidential and is to be released only as authorized by the individual.
Privacy policy
At the Adoption Center for Family Building, your privacy and confidentiality are of utmost importance. Our policies and practices are designed to protect your personal information, and provide you with the highest level of service and support.
Latest from the blog:
Donate Now
Adoption Center for Family Building is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. We provide valuable resources, financial assistance, and professional counseling to women facing an unplanned pregnancy. Please support our mission.
Click to Donate
Client Reviews
"We had an amazing experience with this agency. The counselors are open minded, supportive of birth mothers and prospective adoptive families."
Client Reviews
Text us at 773-919-5702 by entering your message below and click Send Message.
×
© 2020 Adoption Center for Family Building
Indiana License #53635  |  Illinois License #283072
Home  |  About Us  |  Unplanned Pregnancy?  |  Hoping To Adopt?  |  For Professionals | Blog
Privacy Policy  |  Refund Policy   |   Policies and Practices  |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Donate  |  Follow us:
Home  |  About Us
Unplanned Pregnancy?  |  Hoping To Adopt?
For Professionals | Adoption Blog
Privacy Policy  |  Refund Policy
Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Donate
Follow us: