http://www.acsm.org/privacy-policy
Home/ Privacy Policy
In This Section:
PRIVACY POLICY
AMERICAN COLLEGE OF SPORTS MEDICINE, INC. (ACSM) recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information provided by users of our web site, certified individuals, event registrants, recipients of our e-mail newsletters and all of our members. We created this policy with a fundamental respect for our users’ right to privacy and to guide our relationships with our users. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for all products and services of ACSM. A current list of our membership categories, certification levels, and events can be found at http://www.acsm.org.
Information Collection and Use
ACSM collects information from our web site users, members and non-members. In this section of our privacy policy, we will describe the type of information we collect and how we use it to provide better services to our members.
Membership and Event Registration
When applying for membership or event registration through our web site, users are required to give their contact information (such as name, mailing address, e-mail address and phone number). We also may collect demographic information (such as title, company information and areas of interest, etc…). For internal purposes, we use this information to communicate with members and provide requested services, and, for our web site visitors, to provide a more personalized experience on our sites. We use aggregate demographic information about our audience to improve our service, for marketing purposes and/or industry reporting purposes.
For our services that require payment (such as membership dues, events, products and journals), we also collect credit card information (such as card holder name, credit card number, billing address, credit card security code and expiration date), which is used for billing purposes only, and is not otherwise shared.
Surveys
From time to time we invite users to provide information via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether to disclose requested contact information (such as name and mailing address) and demographic information (such as zip code or job title). In addition to other uses set forth in this policy, contact information collected in connection with surveys is used to monitor or improve the use and satisfaction of the site.
Interactive Features
At our site, we offer interactive and community features such as discussion forums found in the communities section of the “Members Only” page. Note that all personal information sent or posted via such features becomes public information for which we are not responsible. Discussion forums are regulated by the “Terms and Use” located on the communities page.
Tell-A-Friend
If users elect to use our referral service for informing a friend about our sites and services, we may ask them for the friend's name, job title and e-mail address. ACSM will store and use this information to send the friend an invitation. This information may also be used to provide information about our company and related products and services. The friend may contact us as specified in the tell-a-friend message to request that no further communications be sent.
Communications with Us
We have features where users can submit information to us (such as our feedback forms or committee interest forms). Letters to the editor and similar submissions may be made public. Requests for service, support or information may be forwarded as needed to best respond to a specific request. We may retain e-mails and other information sent to us for our internal administrative purposes, and to help us to serve customers better.
Communications from Us: Service Updates, Special Offers
In order to best serve our members, we may send updates that contain important information about our sites and services. For example, we send new members a welcoming message, and verify password and username for our password-protected sites. We may also communicate with a user to provide requested services and for account-related issues via e-mail, phone or regular mail.
We offer our users the option to receive information about our organization, related products, services and special events. Users can choose not to receive these communications, as set forth in our Permission section below.
Automatic Data Collection
Our web sites have features that automatically collect information from users, to deliver content specific to users' interests and to honor their preferences. This information assists us in creating sites that will serve the needs of our users.
We use "cookies," a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies benefit the user by requiring login only once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookies, they may be limited in the use of some areas of our site. Additionally, we may note some of the pages the user visits on our site through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs). The use of cookies and pixels enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our sites.
Some of our publishers or sponsors use cookies on our sites in announcements. However, we have no access to or control over these publishers or sponsors cookies; we urge users to read their privacy policies for information.
For our internal purposes, we gather date, time, browser type, navigation history and IP address of all visitors to our site. This information does not contain information that can identify users personally. We use this information for our internal security audit log, trend analysis and system administration, and to gather broad demographic information about our user base for aggregate use.
We may combine demographic information supplied by a member at the time of application with site usage data to provide general profiles, in aggregate non-personally identifiable form, about our users and their preferences in the content of the site. We may share this composite information with our sponsors or publishers to help them better understand our services
Sharing Your Information
When we offer co-branded, customized or sponsored products and services, or when we join with other parties to provide specific products or services, we may share (provide and receive) personal information with them. Unless prohibited by law, we do not share credit card information with such third parties.
These sponsors will use the information according to their own privacy policies, and we urge participants to read those policies before registering.
On occasion, we may rent lists of targeted names and offline and online contact information for marketing purposes to reputable third parties, whose products or services we think you might find of interest. We give users the option of not having their name or contact information disclosed to third parties, as set forth in the Permission section below.
We may share aggregate information, which is not personally identifiable, with others. This information may include usage and demographic data, but it will not include personal information.
Correction/Updating Information
Members may update their personally identifiable information (such as a change in address, email, or phone number), by logging into the members only portion of our web site. Should a non-member need to change their personally identifiable information, they can contact Member Services at 317-637-9200, or e-mail membership@acsm.org. If a user no longer desires our product(s)/service(s), the user should contact Member Services for the applicable product or service or email membership@acsm.org.
Permission
Our users are given the opportunity to choose whether to receive information from our sponsors or publishers and us not directly related to the registered services. Users also have the opportunity to choose whether to have personal information shared with third parties for marketing purposes. Instructions for how to exercise this choice are contained in e-mails sent by us, on our product web sites and in each of our publications. Should you wish to not have your information shared with ACSM approved third parties, please email ACSM at membership@acsm.org .  Please note that we will endeavor to implement requests within a reasonable time, although for a time users may continue to receive mailings, etc., transmitted based on information released prior to the implementation of the request. Users will continue to receive information directly related to their registered services, so they always are kept informed.
Security
We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving your information. Additionally, we implement commercially reasonable security measures at our physical facilities to protect against loss or misuse of your information.
Links
Our web sites contain links to other sites. ACSM is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each web site to which we may link that may collect personally identifiable information. As well, we are not responsible for the misuse of ACSM’s name, products or services listed on other sites.
Notification and Changes
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users should check this policy frequently to keep abreast of any changes.
For questions about this privacy statement, or questions concerning the practices of this site or any dealings with American College of Sports Medicine, Inc. contact:
Corporate Communications
American College of Sports Medicine, Inc.
401 W Michigan Street
Indianapolis, IN 46202
(317) 637-9200
Close
COVID-19 Updates and Resources
Chapters
Careers
Donate
ACSM & Membership
Membership
Join
Alliance of Health & Fitness Membership
Professional Membership
Professional-in-training
Student Membership
ACSM Member Code of Ethics
Member Spotlight
ACSM Fellowship
Membership FAQs
Member Identity Marks
ACSM Member Discounts
Honor & Citation Awards
Regional Chapters
Join a chapter
Find My Chapter
Regional Chapter Meetings
Leader Resources
Strategic Initiatives
ACSM Foundation
Endowments & Funds
Buy a Brick
Planned Giving (Discovery Society)
5K Challenge
Foundation Leadership
Sponsorships
Current Sponsors
Partner Development
Grants and Financial Support
Research Grants
Raymond and Roslalee Weiss Research Endowment
ACSM Foundation Doctoral Student Research Grant
Carl V. Gisolfi Memorial Fund
NASA Space Physiology Research Grant
Research Endowment
Paffenbarger-Blair Fund for Epidemiological Research on Physical Activity
Clinical Sports Medicine Endowment
Visiting Scholar Award
World Athletics Research Grant
2020 ACSM Research Grant Recipients
Travel Awards
Steven M. Horvath Travel Award
GSSI-ACSM Young Scholar Travel Award
Charles M. Tipton Student Research Award
Michael L. Pollock Student Scholarship
International Student Award
Gail E. Butterfield Nutrition Travel Award
Dr. Lisa Krivickas Clinician/Scholar Travel Award
Howard G. "Skip" Knuttgen Scholar Award
GSSI-ACSM Young Investigator in Sports Nutrition Award
GSSI-ACSM Sport Nutrition Award
New Investigator Awards
Leadership & Diversity Training Program
Priscilla Clarkson Undergraduate Travel Award
Jack Wilmore Legacy Travel Award
Basic Science World Congress Travel Award
Previous recipients
ELEVATE Capital Campaign
Giving Tuesday
About Us
2021 ACSM Election Candidates
ACSM 2021 Election
Offices & Contact Information
Staff listing
Leadership: Current Officers & Committees
Committee Rosters & Programs of Work
Student Affairs Committee
Leadership Transition and Gavel Transfer
FAQ - About ACSM
ACSM History
Distinguished Leaders Video Series
Past Leaders
Special Interest Groups & Affiliate Societies
Historical Timeline
Get & Stay Certified
Get Certified
Compare Personal Trainer Certification Cost and More
Which Certification is right for you?
Health Fitness Certifications
Personal Trainer
Personal Trainer — Online
Group Exercise Instructor
Exercise Physiologist
Degree Requirements EP
Clinical Exercise Physiologist
Requirements
ACSM-CEP Application
CEP Changes
CEP Registry
Specialization
PAPHS
PAPHS Exam prep course
CIFT
CET
EIM Credential
EIM Accredited Certifications
EIM Eligibility
Ringside Physicians
ARP-Eligibility
FAQs
Prepare for Exams
FAQs
Exam Content Outlines
Exam Prep Resources
prepU
Workshops
Personal Trainer Workshops
GEI Workshops
EP Workshops
CET Workshops
Webinars
CPT Webinar Information
GEI Webinar Information
EP Webinar Information
CEP Webinar Information
CET Webinar Information
CIFT Webinar Information
Explanation of exam scoring
Scheduling & Taking Your Exam
FAQs
Cancel/Reschedule Exam
Register for Exam
Exam Scoring
Exam Results
Updates to certification study materials
Irregular Behavior
Cert stats
International
ACSM Chinese Certified Personal Fitness Trainer
Stay Certified
Recertification FAQs-2
Audit
Why ACSM Certification
Benefits
Identity Marks
Letter of Reference
Retail discounts
Veterans/Opportunities
Policies & Procedures
Find a Pro
Find a Job
Military Assistance
Cert Pro Award
Attend & Connect
Events and Conferences
Virtual Experience
Annual Meeting
International Health & Fitness Summit
Regional Chapter Meetings
Roundtables & Specialty Conferences
Sports Medicine Essentials
ACSM's Conference on Integrative Physiology
IPE-Conference Highlights
Advanced Team Physician Course
Exhibits and Sponsors
International Team Physician Course
Summaries of Past ITPC
ACSM World Heart Games
Volunteer
Serve on a Committee
Become a Mentor
Donate
COVID-19
Learn & Develop Professionally
Continuing Education
ceOnline Benefits
ceOnline FAQs
Approved Providers
FAQ Approved Providers
ACSM Member Videos
ACSM Podcast
Brown Bag Series
Faculty Resources
Exercise Professional Resources
COVID-19 Updates and Resources
COVID-19 Reopening and Return to Play Resources
Read & Research
Access Your Journals
Books
Newsroom
News Releases
Media Kit & Contacts
News Releases Archive
For the Record
Journals & Bulletins
Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise
Exercise and Sport Sciences Reviews
Current Sports Medicine Reports
Translational Journal
Health & Fitness Journal
Sports Medicine Bulletin
Resource Library
Advertise In Our Publications
Publish with ACSM
Trending Topics | Resource Pages
ACSM Fitness Trends
Heart Health
Nutrition
Physical Activity Guidelines
Reducing Sedentary Behavior
ACSM Positions & Policy
Official Positions
ACSM Position Stands
Translated Position Stands
Call to Action Statements
Contemporary Papers
Expert Consensus Statements
Official Communications
Team Physician Consensus Statements
ACSM Viewpoints
Endorsed Statements
Policy Center