http://www.stovesonline.co.uk/terms-conditions.html
Home
> About & Contact > T&C and Privacy
Help and Advice Menu
Help & Advice
Choosing & using your stove
Choosing the right stove
How to burn coal in a stove
Room sealed stoves with external air supply
Which is the best Woodheating solution for me?
How to light a fire and use a wood burning stove
Wood burning stove or multifuel stove
What is a stove with Cleanburn?
What is Airwash in a stove
What is a Defra Exempt stove?
Stoves that we can supply that are not on the website
Stove heat outputs explained
What is the efficiency of a Stove?
Maintain & Troubleshoot
Stove maintenance guide
Stove and chimney problems and solutions
Stove Glass gone black?
Chimney Troubleshooting
Chimney downdraught and solutions
Smoking fireplace - causes of smoking stove
Capping unused chimneys - flue ventilators UK
Ventilation for stoves and fireplaces
Fireplace opening size
Wood and coal ash use
Chimney fires
Chimney fires and their causes
Chimney fires statistics UK
Reduce chimney fire risk - lowering the risk of chimney
fires UK
Why should I line my chimney
Tar and soot condensates in chimneys
Custom cut stove glass
Installation & Regs
Chimney Installation
Flue Design Service
Twin wall flue systems
Pumice Chimney liner - Fitting pumice liners to existing
chimneys UK
Dektite ezi seal roof flue flashing fitting instructions
Do you need a chimney for a stove?
Schiedel DM Modular block pumice chimney specifications
Making a new chimney with twin wall flue
How to spray paint a stove or flue pipe
Why do I need a Carbon Monoxide Alarm?
How to install a flexible chimney liner
Lining a truncated chimney and using twin wall flue for the
roof penetration
Should you use the rear, or top, flue exit on your stove?
Stove Installation
Stove Installers
Stove installation and fitting UK
Inset stove chamber ventilation
Pellet stove installation areas uk
Spreading heat from a stove around the house
Register as a Stove Installer
Stove building regulations UK, document J
Notice plate checklist, UK stove building regs J
Twin wall flue boxing in
Twin wall flue distance below ceiling
Existing chimneys, flexible chimney liner, UK stove building
regs J
New masonry chimneys, UK stove building regs J
Carbon Monoxide Alarms for stoves and why you need one
Stove hearth size and thickness, UK stove building regs
Flue outlet height, UK stove building regs J
Stove flue size
Stove room ventilation regulations
Stoves for Airtight Houses
Flue pipe clearances - heat shielding - UK stove building
regs J
Stove installation and building regs doc J
Stove flue pipe length
Smoke Control Areas
What is a Defra Exempt stove?
Ecodesign
Ban open fires in cities
Smoke control areas and the clean air act
SAP and EPC
Raise EPC and SAP with a stove
Central Heating Regulations
Thermal store stratification
Stove central heating - installing stove back boiler for
central heating
What is a Load Unit
Heat Pumps
Calculators
Fireplace opening size
Kilowatt Calculator
kWh to BTU Conversion
Fireplace Flue Size Calculator
Firewood and Woodfuel
Firewood
Drying and seasoning firewood
Coppicing trees to produce firewood
Which woods are best to burn
Firewood chart UK
Coombe Farm Woods firewood story
Wood Pellets
How much does a bag of wood pellets cost
How does a wood pellet stove work
What are wood pellets?
Coal
Coal is a fossil fuel which adds to global warming
Brands of coal you can buy in the UK, phurnacite, ancit,
taybrite
Types of coal, lignite, subbituminous coal, anthracite,
bituminous coal
What is coal and how is it made?
Find Fuel Suppliers
Find Firewood Suppliers
Find Wood Pellet Suppliers
Find Woodchip Suppliers
Grants
5% Reduced VAT rate for energy saving materials threatened
MCS certified products and the renewable heat incentive RHI
VAT for Newbuild homes
Renewable Heat Incentive RHI
Stoves in Funny Places
Stoves in Funny places UK
Stoves for tents
Stoves in sheds and huts
Stoves in treehouses
Stoves in yurts
Stoves in conservatories
Putting a chimney or flue pipe through a Sedum green roof
Stoves on boats and barges
Stove Experiments
Stovesonline experimental wood gas stove
Can you use horse manure as a fuel in a stove?
Find Chimney Sweeps
Find Green Building Experts
Sustainable Architects
Find Sustainable Building Contractors
Sustainable Building Resources
CLOSE
T&C and Privacy
Privacy Statement
Here is some more "official" privacy information about how we treat information about you.
Terms & Conditions
Here are the terms and conditions which you enter into when you work with us.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small bits of data saved to your computer. They are what make simple things like shopping carts work by storing up a number so that the site knows that it is you using it. Here is how we use cookies on Stovesonline.
Data Protection
We treat your data with seriousness and care. Here is some more information as well as contact details should you wish to update or delete your data.
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously - we always have in fact. Have a read about the sort of information we store, how you can access it and request to have it changed or removed and so on.