http://www.hungrymonster.com/privacy_policy.php
Privacy Policy
Customer First
HungryMonster.com, LLC recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of Personally Identifiable Information collected about you, our customer. Personally Identifiable Information includes information such as your full name, address, your e-mail address, personal preferences, "click stream" data which tracks how you use an online service, as well as information that tells us about the products and services that you use and prefer. We have adopted a Customer Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use this Personally Identifiable Information about our customers. Our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using this Information with your reasonable expectations of privacy. This Policy includes the items described below.
1. Notice.
We will notify you as to the types of Information we are collecting about you as well as the uses we intend to make of that Information. For example, we need to collect and store your name, address, and other basic Information to provide you with the services you request. This Information also enables us to provide you with convenient and seamless access to services from a variety of companies, and to offer products and services both from HungryMonster.com and other sources that may be of interest to you.
2. Collection and Security.
We will only collect this type of Information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes. With all Information, we will provide the appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy.
3. Opt-Out.
From time to time, companies and organizations approach us with a product or service that we believe may be of interest to you. We see this as a value-added service helping you to find products or services to help you work or play smarter. We will offer you the opportunity to "opt-out" of having your Personally Identifiable Information shared with parties outside of HungryMonster.com.
4. Sensitive Data.
If your relationship with us includes providing one of the Corporation's business units or program members with Personally Identifiable Information which is particularly "Sensitive", we will protect that information with extra care. We define Sensitive Data as including Social Security numbers, mother's maiden name, personal financial data, information regarding someone's specific medical condition and most information about children. There will be no external distribution of this Sensitive Data outside the HungryMonster.com and our program partners from whom you have requested services.
5. Questions and Concerns?
Our Customer Service Representatives are trained and available to assist in with any questions or problems you might have. Feel free to contact us for further assistance.