http://www.mynannyagency.com/privacy-policy
0
MyCare, LLC (d/b/a “MyNanny”) Privacy PolicyLast Modified 4/23/20Section 1. Information MyNanny CollectsMyNanny collects both Personal Information and Non Personal Information about users of its Site and Services who apply with MyNanny by submitting an application as a Nanny or Customer (each a "User"). In this policy, "Personal Information" means information that can be used to contact or identify you, such as your full name and email address, and information that is linked to such information. "Non Personal Information" means information that cannot be used to contact or identify you and is not linked to information that can be used to contact or identify you and includes passively collected information about your activities on our Site, such as usage data, to the extent that information is not linked to your Personal Information.Site visitors can access and browse certain portions of the Site without disclosing Personal Information; however, when you browse the Site, MyNanny passively collects certain information from your computer, such as your IP address and web browser user agent. In order to utilize some of the Services offered by MyNanny, you must submit a Customer or Nanny application.A. Information you provideWhether you are a Site visitor or a User, all Personal Information you provide to us when applying, discussing options or details about the Services over the phone, or that you otherwise provide to MyNanny by phone, email or postal mail, will be stored by MyNanny. You represent and warrant to MyNanny that you have the right and authority to provide all Personal Information you provide about yourself or others. You may provide us this Personal Information in various ways, including:1. When applying as a NannyWhen you submit an application directly through MyNanny, MyNanny will collect and store the information directly on our online application forms. This may include, among other information:1.    your first and last name2.    your email address3.    your home address4.    your gender5.    your birthday6.    your phone number7.    details on the care you offer, including for example the type of care you can provide, your availability, your location, your level of education, languages you speak, your ability to drive8.    related services you provide9.    pictures you choose to post10. your phone numbers11. any other information you choose to include in your profile2. When applying as a CustomerIf you are a Customer, MyNanny collects and stores all of the additional information that you provide to us on your application or by other. This may include, among other information:1.    the type of care you are looking for, your schedule, location, hourly rate, number of children and ages, narrative job description, requirements for a Nanny (such as ability to drive, etc.);2.    pictures you choose to provide;3.    health information, if you choose to provide it;4.    any other information you choose to include in your job posting.3. By TelephoneBoth Site visitors and Users may provide Personal Information to MyNanny when they contact Customer Service or utilize certain Services MyNanny may offer by telephone. For example, if you call Nanny to discuss care options over the phone, MyNanny will collect and store all of the Personal Information you chose to provide us, including but not limited to financial information, information about the care you need, health information about yourself or your children, your contact information, etc. If you provide information about someone other than yourself, you represent that you have authority to do so.4. OtherwiseIn some cases, Site visitors may have the ability to provide us Personal Information through the Site, such as contact information. In addition, both Users and Site visitors may choose to provide us additional Personal Information by phone, email, postal mail, or chat. MyNanny collects and stores all of the Personal Information you provide us through these channels. Moreover, if you provide information about someone other than yourself through any of these channels, you represent that you have authority to do so. Finally, the Site may collect financial information from you that is required in connection with a payment. See more information about how MyNanny handles payment collection in the Terms of Use found on our site.B. Information provided by others1. By third parties to verify your information and representationsTo promote the safety and integrity of the Site and Service, you authorize MyNanny in its Terms of Use to utilize third party service providers to use your Personal Information to scan on an ongoing basis a variety of sources, which may include, but are not limited to, national criminal databases, sex offender registries, certain media streams, terrorist watch lists, criminal and fugitive watch lists, fraud watch lists, law enforcement reports, and other data to assist us in verifying the information you provide us (such as your name, address, email address, etc.) and the representations and warranties you make in the Terms of Use and on the Site (such as representations regarding your criminal background) ("Verification Checks"). The results of any Verification Checks will be made available to MyNanny.2. By third parties that perform background checksFor the legitimate business purpose of protecting the safety and integrity of the Site and MyNanny users, you authorize MyNanny in its Terms of Use to utilize a third party consumer reporting agency to use your Personal Information to run periodic background checks on you when you apply with MyNanny and thereafter in connection with your continued use of our Services and/or interaction with our Site. In addition, MyNanny may provide some or all Users with the option of requesting a background check be run on themselves or on Nanny they are considering hiring. Any such background checks will be subject to the terms established for such checks on the Site pages where you may request them, the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. MyNanny may receive a copy of, or otherwise have access to, any such completed background check.3. By other sourcesIn addition, MyNanny may obtain from other sources publicly available Personal Information, such as demographic data, and other information to enable us to comply with regulatory requirements, ensure the accuracy of data, better understand your likely interests, prevent fraud, etc.C. Information you expressly authorize us to collectMyNanny may from time to time request permission to collect Personal Information from or about you.D. Technical and usage information1. Log files, IP addresses and information about your computer and mobile deviceWhen you visit the Site, MyNanny receives the internet protocol ("IP") address of your computer (or the proxy server you use to access the internet), your computer operating system and type of web browser you are using. If you are using a mobile device, MyNanny may also receive your mobile device id (UDID), or another unique identifier, and mobile operating system. MyNanny may correlate this information with other Personal Information it has about you. Additionally, when you visit the MyNanny website, MyNanny and any third parties it uses to place ads on the Site automatically receive the URL of the webpage from which you came. If you click on an ad, MyNanny and any such third party may also receive the URL of the page you were on when you clicked the ad and the URL of the site associated with the ad that you clicked.2. Cookies and other technologiesLike most websites, MyNanny and our service providers use cookies and tracking pixels to track Site usage and trends, evaluate the effectiveness of our ads both on and off our Site, customize your experience on the Site and improve the quality of our Services. For example, using these technologies, MyNanny can determine, among other things, which pages of our Site you visit and which ads you click on. A cookie is a tiny data file that resides on your computer, mobile phone, or other device, and allows us to recognize you when you return to the Site using the same computer (or mobile device) and web browser. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases doing so may impact your ability to use MyNanny. Tracking pixels do not identify individual users and the analysis of data obtained by tracking pixels is performed on an aggregate basis.When you visit our Site or open one of our emails, MyNanny may allow authorized third parties, such as ad servers, ad agencies, ad exchanges, ad technology vendors and research firms, to place or recognize a unique cookie, pixel, and/or similar technologies on your browser in order to provide you relevant MyNanny advertisements as you surf the Internet. These advertisements may be targeted to you based on information these authorized third parties know or infer about you and include in the cookies placed on your browser and/or information about your Internet browsing activities gathered through your browser. If you prefer not to receive these online behavioral advertisements, you may opt-out by e-mail info@MyNannyAgency.com.For the opt-out to work, your browser must be set to accept third party cookies. Furthermore, if you buy a new computer or mobile device, change web browsers or delete the opt-out cookie, you will need to perform the opt-out task again. Please note that if you opt-out you may continue to receive MyNanny advertisements as you surf the Internet, including contextual ads based on the content on a webpage you are visiting. However, these advertisements will not be displayed based on information contained in, or collected by, cookies or other technologies placed on your browser when you visit our Site or open our emails.3. Social media features and widgetsOur Site includes social media features and widgets, such as the Facebook "Like" button and the Facebook "Share" button. These features may collect your IP address, the URL of the page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.Section 2. How MyNanny Uses InformationA. Personal InformationIn general, the Personal Information MyNanny collects is used (1) to improve our Services and enhance your experience with Nanny, (2) to enable us to provide a safer community for all of our Users, and (3) to help us communicate with you. For example, MyNanny may use your Personal Information to:1.    supply the Services following your application submission.2.    include in Customer job postings and MyNanny profiles.3.    contact you in response to questions and solicit feedback and input from you.4.    connect Customers with MyNanny that appear to meet their needs and preferences.5.    verify information you provide on your application as well as the representations and warranties you make to us in the Terms of Use.6.    otherwise help protect the safety and integrity of the Site and Users.7.    target promotional messages or content on the Site, via email or other ads on MyNanny or third party sites.B. Non Personal InformationIn general, MyNanny uses the Non Personal Information collected to help us improve our Services and customize the user experience, such as by providing targeted useful features and promotions based on the type of Service you seek. MyNanny also aggregates the information collected via cookies and similar technologies to use in statistical analysis to help us track trends, evaluate the effectiveness of our ads and analyze patterns in the use of MyNanny.Section 3. How MyNanny Shares InformationIn addition to using the information collected by MyNanny for the purposes described above, MyNanny may also share your information with various third parties, as described below. MyNanny follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted by MyNanny. No method of transmission of data over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure; therefore while it strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your data, MyNanny cannot guarantee its absolute security. By using the Site or Services, you agree to allow us to share the Personal Information you provide to us in the ways described below. Your ability to make changes to what information is shared is described below in Section IV.A. Personal Information1. To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it or for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.2. With All Site Visitors and UsersMyNanny may display personal testimonials of Users and other endorsements on our Site or in other marking materials. These testimonials or endorsements may include Non Personal Information such as the User's first name, first initial of last name, town and state. With a User's consent, MyNanny may include Personal Information such as their full name.In addition to the information that is provided to all visitors to MyNanny, Nanny profiles and references are made available to certain Customers.If you provide information about someone other than yourself, you represent that you have authority to provide us the information and to authorize us to share the information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.If MyNanny terminates your use of the Site and Services for any reason, it reserves the right to send a notice of your termination to other Users with whom you may have corresponded.3. With third party advertisersMyNanny may use the information collected from you to display advertisements to its advertisers' target audiences. Even though MyNanny does not disclose your Personal Information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.4. As required by law or for reasons of safetyYou acknowledge and agree that MyNanny may disclose information it has collected about you if required to do so by law or if MyNanny, in its sole discretion, believes that disclosure is reasonable to comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law), or to protect or defend MyNanny's, or a third party's, rights or property. MyNanny may also reserve the right to disclose information about you for purposes of protecting the health and safety of our community and Users, such as in the case of risk of harm or violence against any person (including you).5. For any other purpose with your consent6. To provide you with information, products or services that you request from MyNanny and to notify you about changes to the Site or any ServicesB. Non Personal InformationThis Privacy Policy does not limit our use or disclosure of any Non Personal Information, such as information passively collected from your computer via cookies, web beacons, or standard logging of website activity. If you do not wish to share this information with MyNanny, then you should take steps to limit the passive collection of data about your activities on our site, for example, by changing your browser settings to disable cookies. MyNanny reserves the right to use and disclose such Non Personal Information, as well as any other Non Personal Information it has collected, with advertisers and other third parties at MyNanny's discretion.C. Business transactionsIn the event MyNanny faces a business transition such as a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of ours or that acquirer's affiliates may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.D. OtherWe may disclose aggregated information about Users, and information that does not identify any individual, for any purpose without restriction.Section 4. Your Communication ChoicesBy becoming a User, you are consenting to receive certain email communications from us, such as special offers, tips and advice, notifications of new Customers or Nanny in your area, customer surveys and administrative notices.You have a choice at any time to stop MyNanny from sending you emails for marketing purposes by adjusting your settings by e-mailing us at info@MyNanny.com. You also have the option to opt out of receiving certain other emails from MyNanny, such as certain educational emails, by adjusting your settings by e-mailing us at info@MyNannyAgency.com.If you receive promotional or other email communications from MyNanny, you will be able to opt out of receiving further communications of that type by following the unsubscribe instructions in the e-mail. Please note that MyNanny may send you administrative emails regarding Nanny, including, for example, notices of updates to the Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policy, notifications of new Customers or Nanny in your area, and responses to job applications if MyNanny chooses to provide such notices to you in this manner.Section 5. Changing or Removing your Personal Information and TerminatingIf the Personal Information you provided on your application changes, you may update this information by e-mailing us at info@MyNannyAgency.com.If you would like to remove some of the Personal Information you have included in your application, you may do so editing your profile, deleting your profile, or e-mailing us at info@MyNannyAgency.com. In some cases, MyNanny may not be able to reasonably accommodate your request to remove your Personal Information, in which case MyNanny will notify you that it was unable to do so and why. Please allow a reasonable time for any such changes to take effect.If you no longer wish to participate in the Site of Services you may terminate by e-mail us at info@MyNannyAgency.com.If you terminate your use of the Site and Services, MyNanny will remove your profile or job postings from the information sent to Nanny or Customers, as applicable. In that event, MyNanny has no obligation to retain your information, and may delete any or all of your information without liability. However, MyNanny may retain information related to you if it believes it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, Non Personal Information, account or application recovery, auditing records, enforcing rights and obligations under agreements or if required by law. MyNanny may also retain and use your information if necessary to provide the Services to other Users. MyNanny disclaims any liability in relation to the deletion or retention (subject to the terms herein) of information or any obligation not to delete the information.Section 6. Collection of Information from ChildrenMyNanny's Site and Services are not intended for individuals under the age of 13. Accordingly, MyNanny does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal information from individuals under the age of 13.Section 7. How MyNanny tects InformationMyNanny has implemented industry-recognized safeguards to help protect your information from unauthorized access. These safeguards include:1.    MyNanny uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer), the industry standard method for computers to communicate securely without risk of manipulation or recipient impersonation. MyNanny uses SSL in the online application process on the Site.2.    MyNanny uses strong encryption technology to protect sensitive information.3.    MyNanny employs firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and system monitoring to protect against unauthorized access of our systems.MyNanny TAKES THESE PRECAUTIONS IN AN EFFORT TO PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION AGAINST SECURITY BREACHES. HOWEVER, THIS IS NOT A GUARANTEE THAT SUCH INFORMATION MAY NOT BE ACCESSED, DISCLOSED, ALTERED, OR DESTROYED BY BREACH OF SUCH FIREWALLS AND SECURE SERVER SOFTWARE. BY USING OUR SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ASSUME THESE RISKS.Section 8. Links to Other WebsitesMyNanny may provide links to other web sites that may be of interest to Users. However, MyNanny is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those web sites, nor is MyNanny responsible for the information or content they contain. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through MyNanny; thus when you use a link to go from the Site to another third party website, this policy is no longer in effect. MyNanny encourages Users to read the privacy policies of these other websites before proceeding to use them.Section 9. Changes to Our Privacy PolicyMyNanny reserves the right to change this policy and our Terms of Use at any time. MyNanny will notify you about significant changes in the way it treats Personal Information by sending a notice to the email address provided in your application, or by placing a prominent notice on our Site, so that you can choose whether to continue using our Services. Significant changes will go into effect 30 days after notice of those changes. Non-material changes or clarifications will take effect immediately upon posting of the updated policy on our Site. You should periodically check Privacy Policy for updates. Your use of the Site or the Services after such effective date will constitute acceptance by you of such changes.Section 10. Contact UsIf you have any questions on our Privacy Policy, you can contact us via email at info@MyNannyAgency.com