https://www.tastemakermag.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Last updated: 20 Dec 2018
Tastemaker Mag (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Tastemaker Mag website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at Tastemakermag.om
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
NameEmail address
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Search for:
Popular
Recent
Popular Posts
How to Choose High-Quality Cookware for Your Kitchen
July 17, 2020
Korean Noodles with Beef
January 30, 2018
Breville BBM800XL Bread Machine Review
January 31, 2018
Best Japanese Rice Cookers
February 3, 2018
Best Non Belgium Waffle Makers
February 10, 2018
Layered Cream Cheese CupcakesRecipes
Homemade Juice InfusionRecipes
Kale and Bean SaladRecipes
Cottage Pie RecipeRecipes
Homemade Meat PieRecipes
Beef Avocado Pineapple BurgerRecipes
Kick-In-The-Pant Barbecue WingsRecipes
Sunday RoastRecipes
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings