https://www.babynamestats.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
Game
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
BabyNameStats.com respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use our site. Individually identifiable information about you is not collected and is not disclosed to any third party.
BabyNameStats.com does not collect any unique information about you. We do use server-side and third-party statistics software programs to log and save information such as browser type, browser resolution, time of day or IP address of our visitors, to help us provide more useful services to our users, improve site navigation and locate the most popular topics and pages on our site.
Third party advertisements
Third party advertisements displayed on our site may contain web beacons and/or cookies set by Internet advertising companies.
We partner only with respectful companies and advertisers, but their actions are beyond our reach. You should carefully review the privacy policies of the
advertising companies we partner with, to see whether and how they use your information.
For example Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy here.
BabyNameStats.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Consult Amazon's Privacy Policy to see how it uses and protects your information.
Cookies
What is a cookie? A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitor your path around a website or a collection of sites.
BabyNameStats.com may use cookies. Also, some of our business partners may use cookies and/or web beacons on our site. We have no access to, or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to advertise on our site.
Third-party statistics programs we use may also place cookies on our visitor's computers. The statistics they provide help us to make substantial improvements on our site by providing us data on our user's movement within the site, analyzing trends and providing broad demographic information for aggregate use.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. Every modern browser can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent. Different privacy software programs can be used to override web beacons and cookies. Taking either of these actions shouldn't cause a problem with our site.
CCPA Privacy Policy
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
BabyNameStats.com respects and protects your privacy. We do not collect any unique information about you. If you have any questions, please contact us.
GDPR Privacy Policy
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access - You have the right to request copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification - You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure - You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing - You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing - You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability - You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
BabyNameStats.com respects and protects your privacy. We do not collect any unique information about you. If you have any questions, please contact us.
Children's Information
BabyNameStats.com does not collect any unique information from any visitor. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, monitor and guide children's online activity.
Links to Other Sites
There are links to other sites from BabyNameStats.com's pages that take you outside our site, including links from sponsors and partners. We review regularly every link we place on our site, but since sites can change their content and/or owners any time, we do not in any way take any kind of responsibility for every link to other websites you may find on BabyNameStats.com.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may decide to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we do, we'll post those changes on this Privacy Policy page.
Last update: April 26, 2020
Contact page
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
US name statistics:
Name graphs
Popular surnames
Popular twin names
Top US baby names in 2000,
2001,
2002,
2003,
2004,
2005,
2006,
2007,
2008,
2009,
2010,
2011,
2012,
2013,
2014,
2015,
2016,
2017,
2018,
2019
Other countries:
England and Wales,
Scotland,
Northern Ireland,
Ireland,
Canada,
Australia,
New Zealand,
Hungary,
Austria,
Italy,
Spain,
Norway,
Sweden,
Finland,
Denmark,
Netherlands,
Belgium
www.babynamestats.com