http://www.necco.org/privacy
Necco understands that the information it collects about individuals and their health is personal. In accordance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Action of 1996 (HIPAA), Necco maintains the privacy of protected health information. Necco clients are apprised of their privacy rights at intake. Persons visiting Necco sites will find HIPAA notices displayed in each office. Necco maintains a confidentiality policy governing multiple aspects of client privacy. All staff is trained on HIPAA as well as the agency’s Confidentiality Policy.
Protocols for Community Engagement
Protocols for the community in which a residential facility is located to communicate concerns or other pertinent information directly to an agency.
ENA, Inc. (Necco Center) will provide an awareness letter describing program and pertinent contact information to first responders and county officials.
In the event of a community emergency, first responders should contact Executive Director, Bianca Sexton at (office) 740-534-1386, or her personal phone 606-831-1611.
Protocols for the agency in responding to such:
MCA team and executive director will assess individual community concerns, followed by an appointment of a team by the Executive Director for the discussion and handling any concerns voiced from the surrounding community. Concerns will be addressed within 7 days. If necessary, ENA, Inc,., Necco Center will initiate the Emergency Preparedness protocols.
The agency Community Engagement Plan will be provided upon request to an individual and posted on Necco Center web site.
Orientation procedures for training residential facility staff on the implementation of the community engagement plan and procedures for responding to incidents involving a child at the facility and neighbors or the police.
- A copy of the community engagement plan is included in the General Safety Training initiated in orientation and annually thereafter.
In accordance with ODJFS residential regulations, Necco Center is required to provide the following information to area first responders.
Written notice of the facilities address
Necco Center
115 Private Road 977
Pedro, OH 45659
The Necco Center operates within first responder jurisdiction of Lawrence County, Ohio.
Contact Information
P: 740-534-1386
F: 740-534-1516
Bianca Sexton, Executive Director
606-831-1611
bsexton@neccocenter.org
Please click here for Necco Center’s policy for Community Engagement and Emergency Preparedness: Policy ASE 7 -
Emergency Response Preparedness/Media Relations