https://www.branchor.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy / Terms of Service
Your privacy is critically important to us. At BR Anchor Publishing, Inc. (here on referred to as “Company”) we have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We will never share or sell your personal information submitted through this website unless required to do so by law.
We don’t collect or store sensitive information on our website hosting servers.
All payments are processed by PayPal. Details of your payment method are never passed through our server.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Company collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Company’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Company’s visitors use its website. Company also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses with website form submissions. Company only discloses IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses other information as described below, except that form submission IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrator of the website.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Company’s websites choose to interact with Company in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Company gathers depends on the additional information provided through the “Contact” or “Email Sign-Up” website forms. In each case, Company collects such information only as necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Company. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Third Party Services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Company discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Company’s behalf or to provide services available at Company’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Company’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Company will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Company discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Company believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Company, third parties or the public at large. If you are a user of a Company website and have supplied your email address, Company may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new products/services, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Company. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a website form, email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it without your personally identifiable information in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Company takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Company uses cookies to help Company identify and track visitors, their usage of Company website, and their website access preferences. Company visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Company’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Company’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Modifications to Prices
Prices for our products and shipping costs are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue products at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance.
Product Availability
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor’s display of any color will be accurate.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products to any person or geographic region. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time.
User Comments, Feedback, and other Submissions
If you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, ‘comments’), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
Limitation of Liability
In no case shall The Company, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Company and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
Governing Law
These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, USA.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Company may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Company’s sole discretion. Company encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. If you have any questions or if you want more information please contact info@branchor.com.
Contact Information
Questions about the Privacy Policy / Terms of Service should be sent to us at info@branchor.com.
BR Anchor Publishing 4596 Capital Dome Drive
Jacksonville, FL 32246-7457
Email: info@branchor.com
Tel: 904.642.1667
Cell: 904.402.5149
Copyright © 2020 BR Anchor Publishing. All Rights Reserved. Privacy/Terms
Website and Marketing by PMCJAX