https://www.adoptionlearningpartners.org/company/privacy-policy.cfm
cart
blog
community
contact us
faq
experts
about us
register
log in
professionals
parenting
adopting
catalog
company
About Us
Meet The Experts
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
(Effective February 12, 2009)
This web site at http://www.AdoptionLearningPartners.org (the "Web Site") is provided by Adoption Learning Partners, a division of The Cradle Society, a 501(c)(3) corporation, having a principal place of business at 2049 Ridge Ave. Evanston, IL 60201 ("ALP," "we," "our," or "us").
We have enacted this privacy policy to ensure that the Site can operate effectively to serve our purpose of providing a site that supports adoptive families by offering convenient, accessible online learning and sharing opportunities.
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") describes our practices with regard to information about you that could reasonably be used to identify you personally or that is associated with information that identifies you ("Personal Information"). Unless specifically stated otherwise, this Privacy Policy applies only to Personal Information that we gather or collect via the Web Site.
It does not apply to any Personal Information collected offline or otherwise outside of the Web Site.
Please take a moment to review the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Please also review the Terms and Conditions, which govern your use of the Web Site.
Please note that certain features or services discussed in this Privacy Policy may not be offered on the Web Site at any particular time.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU In general, you can visit the Web Site without telling us who you are or giving us Personal Information.
However, to participate in many of the resources offered on our Web Site, you may be asked to provide Personal Information.
You can choose not to provide the information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of such resources.
Active Information Collection.We may collect Personal Information from you at various places and through various mechanisms on the Web Site.
This is information that you voluntarily enter, and may include, for example: when you fill out and submit forms (such as forms requesting information needed to register); when you enroll in a course through the Web Site;
when you participate in promotions on the Web Site; when you post to any interactive forum, bulletin board, or chat room that we may make available on the Web Site (If you choose to participate in any of these options, please remember that any information that you disclose in these areas becomes public information that can never be removed. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information within these features); when you register for e-mail communications; and when you submit a survey response, question or request to the Web Site using a form or the e-mail address links on the Web Site.
Passive Information Collection.When you visit or download information from the Web Site, we automatically collect certain information about your activities ("Web Site Usage Information").
Web Site Usage Information is information about how our visitors use and navigate the Web Site.
This includes, for example, the number and frequency of visitors to each web page, the length of their stays, the type of browser each visitor is using to view the Web Site, the type of operating system each visitor is using, the domain name of each visitor's Internet service provider, the visitor's IP address, the address (or "URL") of the web site that the visitor came from before visiting the Web Site, which pages were visited on the Web Site, what was clicked on, and certain other available information.
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet, which our web servers use to identify where to send the information your computer requests.
When you request pages from the Web Site, our servers log your IP address as well as information about your activities on those pages.
To collect this Web Site Usage Information, the Web Site and any e-mails sent to you by the Web Site (or otherwise by ALP) may utilize cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts or similar technologies.
A cookie is a small data file sent to your browser when you visit the Web Site, and stored on your computer.
Cookies automatically identify your web browser to the Web Site whenever you visit the Web Site, and may make navigating and using the Web Site easier for you.
Also, by tracking how and when you use the Web Site, cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not.
Additionally, accepting cookies may allow you to, among other things, personalize and enhance your experience on the Web Site.
If you do not wish to allow for use of cookies, you can generally opt-out of providing this information by setting your browser to reject cookies.
However, please be aware that some areas of the Web Site may not provide you with an acceptable user experience if you have disabled the use of cookies.
A web beacon is a small, often invisible, graphic element included in a web page or e-mail.
It allows the party that set the web beacon to monitor and collect certain limited information about the viewer of the web page or e-mail message (such as the type of browser downloading the web beacon, the IP address of the computer that the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed, as well as the URL of the page the web beacon comes from).
We may use web beacons for many purposes, such as to count visitors to the Web Site, or to monitor how visitors navigate the Web Site, and we may include web beacons or similar technologies in e-mails in order to count how many e-mails (or particular articles, links, etc.) we sent were actually opened.
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Web Site.
It is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our Web server or a third party we work with, is active only while you are connected to the Web Site, and is deleted thereafter.
A mobile device identifier is provided by certain mobile service providers to uniquely identify your mobile device and we or our third-party service providers may receive such device information if you access the Web Site through mobile devices.
Certain features of our Web Site may collect mobile phone numbers and we may associate that phone number to mobile device identification information.
Additionally, some mobile phone service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their service.
Web Site Usage Information is frequently anonymous information, since it is not normally associated with you or your identity.
It may be used for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to help us understand the demographics of the visitors to the Web Site, to enhance the performance and usefulness of the Web Site, to report aggregate information to our business partners, or to audit use of the Web Site.
If Web Site Usage Information is combined with your Personal Information in a manner that it is directly associated with your identity, then it will be treated as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
Children.
This Web Site is not directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13 years of age. If we discover that a child younger than the age of 13 has provided this Web Site with personally identifiable information, we will delete that child's personally identifiable information from our database.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED AT THE WEBSITE We retain and use Personal Information to: (1) provide you with services or process transactions that you have requested; (2) communicate with you regarding information, features or offers that we believe will be of interest to you or to conduct research and to improve our materials; (3) respond to your questions or other requests; (4) contact you with regard to the Web Site; (5) process any applications, payments or changes to your account information; (6) process other information or Personal Information that you submit through the Web Site; (7) conduct user surveys; (8) contact you regarding a promotion in which you have participated, and (9) fulfill other purposes disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information.
We may also use the information you provide to improve the Web Site or ALP's services, to customize your experience on the Web Site, to serve you specific content, or for other business purposes.
We may also add the information you provide to our databases, subscriber lists, and contact lists.
We do not share your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for those third parties' marketing or fund raising purposes.
However, we may share your Personal Information with organizations that authored or sponsored a course, article or other work.
They may use that information for marketing or fund raising purposes.
We may use Personal Information to send you information or communications from third parties regarding the products or services of third parties that we believe may be of interest to you.
In addition, we may share your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy, in any manner in which you expressly consent via the Web Site, or in the following circumstances:
Affiliated or Subsidiary Entities. We may share Personal Information with our parent, The Cradle Society, as well as The Cradle Foundation and other current or future affiliated or subsidiary companies;
Referring Agencies.
We may share Personal Information, including your course evaluation(s), with your referring agency;
Others. We may share Personal Information with organizations that authored or sponsored a course, article or other work featured on our site;
Third parties providing services on our behalf.
We may share Personal Information with third parties who perform services on our behalf.
This includes, without limitation, independent contractors working on behalf of ALP; third party hosting companies, third parties that send communications (including e-mail), process payments or credit card transactions, analyze data, assist with training or certification, provide marketing assistance, or create, host and/or provide customer service on our behalf; .
These third parties may have access to Personal information in order to provide these services to us or on our behalf.
Merger; Corporate Change.
We reserve the right to disclose and transfer Personal Information in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, financing, sale of substantially all assets, or other corporate change.
Legal Requirements and Law Enforcement.
We may disclose Personal Information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an audit or investigation; pursuant to a court order, subpoena, or discovery request in litigation; to verify or enforce compliance with our Terms of Use or other agreements or policies governing the Web Site and applicable laws, rules, and regulations; or whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability or to protect or enforce the rights, interests, or safety of the Web Site, its users or other third parties. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful.
Our goal is to improve adoption outcomes through the content we offer on our site.
To help us do that, we may contact you in our efforts to conduct research to help us improve the materials we are offering.
ALP may also use Personal Information for direct marketing to send you information or communications about its own products and services or those of third parties which ALP thinks may be of interest to you.
You may opt-out of receiving this information, but if you do, you may not be able to use certain features of the Web Site.
Even if you opt out of receiving marketing communications, ALP may continue to contact you regarding your use of the Web Site and other non-marketing, operational issues.
If you wish to opt out of receiving future communications from an organization that wrote or sponsored an article, course or other work, you will need to contact them directly.
We may share non-personally identifiable information, such as Web Site Usage Information or other aggregated user statistics, with third parties.
SECURITY We use safeguards to help protect personally identifiable information we collect on this Web Site from unauthorized access, use, modification or disclosure. However, due to the design of the Internet and other factors outside of our control, we cannot guarantee that your information or communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.
CONSENT TO TRANSFER This Web Site is operated in the State of Illinois, in the United States.
If you are located in Canada, the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to ALP will be transferred to the United States.
By using this Web Site or providing ALP with your information you consent to this transfer.
LINKS While on the Web Site or viewing an e-mail or other content provided by ALP or the Web Site, you may encounter links to other web sites or online materials operated by third parties.
If you "click" on a link to such a third party, the "click" takes you off the Web Site and to a third party's web site, which is beyond ALP's control.
These other web sites may set their own cookies, collect data or have their own privacy policies and practices. As
noted above, this Privacy Policy only covers information collected by ALP on this Web Site, and we encourage you to review the privacy policy of any other web site you visit.
Links to any third party web site or content do not constitute or imply an endorsement or recommendation by ALP of the linked web site or content.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES We reserve the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time.
We will post any new or revised policies on the Web Site, but we will only use your personally identifiable information in accordance with the privacy policy that was in effect at the time it was collected, unless you consent to any new terms regarding its use.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at info@AdoptionLearningPartners.org.
Recorded Webinar
Caring for Your Adopted Child
Whether a child joins a family through domestic adoption, international adoption, or foster care, he or she may have needs that require additional consideration. Pediatrician, author, and adoptive parent Dr. Elaine Schulte helps parents and prospective parents navigate these potential needs with strategies and tips from her book, Caring for Your Adopted Child: An Essential Guide for Parents.
Learn More
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Adoption Learning Partners