http://www.campbellsoupcompany.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use | Campbell Soup Company
caret-down
Skip to content
Display MenuMenu
Nutritionopens in new tab
Recipesopens in new tab
Careersopens in new tab
Suppliersopens in new tab
About Us
Campbell Soup Company
Our Purpose
Our Values
Real Food Philosophy
Leadership Team
Corporate Responsibility
Sustainable Agriculture
Responsible Sourcing
Sustainable Operations
Community
Our Brands
Investor Center
Investor Overview
Stock Information
Analyst Coverage
News & Events
Financial Information
Shareholder Services
Corporate Governance
News
Campbell News
Press Releases
Media Contact
Media Library
Contact Us
Connect with Campbell
FAQ
Product Locator
Campbell’s Kitchen
Suppliers
Home > Terms of Use
TERMS OF USE
Welcome!  Campbell Soup Company and/or a Campbell Soup Company subsidiary (collectively and individually “Campbell Soup Company”) is pleased to provide various websites (this “Site”) for your personal use.  We hope that you will find it to be interesting and informative.  By using this Site, you agree to the terms and conditions provided below.
Agreement to Terms of Use
Please review these Terms of Use and our Privacy policy before using this Site or any services offered by this Site.  We reserve the right to make changes to these terms at any time. Please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any updates or changes. Your use of this Site indicates acceptance of all terms.
Use of Site and Site Material
This Site is provided for your personal and noncommercial use. You may not copy material from this Site for commercial use. You may copy material in limited quantities from this Site for your personal noncommercial use provided that our copyright notice is affixed to the copied material. Campbell Soup Company reserves the right to terminate at any time your permission to make personal copies of material from this Site.
You are prohibited from using this Site to post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage unlawful conduct. Campbell Soup Company may from time to time monitor or review material transmitted or posted using this Site and reserves the right to delete any material the company deems inappropriate. Campbell Soup Company is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from any material transmitted or posted using this Site.
Ownership of Intellectual Property
Campbell Soup Company owns or has procured licenses to display the materials contained in this Site.  The collective work is the property of Campbell Soup Company.
Campbell Soup Company owns the trademarks, service marks, and trade dress (“Trademarks”) displayed on this site. Nothing on this Site should be construed as a license to use the Trademarks. Your use of the Trademarks displayed on this Site is strictly prohibited.
Notice and Procedure For Making Claims of Intellectual Property Infringement
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement or your intellectual property rights have otherwise been violated, please provide the Campbell copyright agent the written information specified below:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on any of the Campbell Soup Company family of Sites;
Your address, telephone number, facsimile number and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or other intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or other intellectual property owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright or other intellectual property owner.
Notice of claimed copyright or other intellectual property infringement should be directed to:
Email:
CopyrightAgent@campbellsoup.com or
Mail:
Campbell Soup Company
Attn: Copyright Agent
Legal Department
Mail Box 43
1 Campbell Place
Camden, NJ 08103
Disclaimer
Your use of this Site and material from this Site is at your own risk.
Campbell Soup Company strives to provide accurate and up-to-date material on this Site. However, Campbell Soup Company makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy or timeliness of the material provided on this Site. Campbell Soup Company assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions on this Site.
Neither Campbell Soup Company, any of its agents, nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, this Site or any material from this Site. Without limiting the foregoing, this Site and the material provided on this Site are provided “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so this statement may not apply to you.
Campbell Soup Company assumes no liability or responsibility for any damage to you, your computer, or your other property, due to your access to, use of, or downloading of this Site or any materials provided on this Site.
Links
Campbell Soup Company has not reviewed any or all of the sites linked to this Site and is not responsible for any sites linked to this Site. Your linking to any sites from this Site is at your own risk. By linking to a site or permitting a link to this Site, Campbell Soup Company does not endorse the site operator or the content of the linked site and is not responsible for the policies associated with such sites.
User Participation
Campbell Soup Company encourages user participation on this Site.  However, Campbell Soup Company reserves the right to not post user content or remove user content that is inappropriate.  This includes materials that:
Contain obscenities, discriminatory language, or other language not suitable for a public forum
Include Advertisements, “spam” content, or references to other companies, offers, or websites
May be fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading
Violate copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights of another
Violate any law or regulation
Is Offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Campbell Soup Company
User Submissions
By submitting any content to this Site, you represent and warrant that:
you are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property rights in the content;
all “moral rights” that you may have in such content have been voluntarily waived by you;
all content that you post is accurate;
you are at least 13 years old;
use of the content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity.
You further agree and warrant that you shall not submit any content:
that is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading;
that infringes any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy;
that violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);
that is, or may reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation;
for which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party;
that includes any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers;
that contains any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.
You further agree that:
For any content that you submit, you grant Campbell Soup Company a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and/or sell and/or distribute such content and/or incorporate such content for any purpose (including for commercial or marketing purposes) and into any form, medium or technology throughout the world without compensation to you.
All content that you submit may be used at Campbell Soup Company’s sole discretion.
United States Only
Unless otherwise specified, this Site and material provided on this Site are solely for promoting products, programs, and business operations within the United States.
Software and other materials from this Site may be subject to export controls imposed by the United States and may not be downloaded or otherwise exported to a) any country to which the United States has embargoed goods or services, b) anyone on the United States Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders. Campbell Soup Company prohibits your downloading or exporting of software or other material from this Site in violation of U.S. Export Laws and the laws of your resident country. By downloading software or other material from this Site, you represent and warrant that you are able to do so in full compliance with the laws of the United States and your resident country.
Applicable Law
Any dispute arising out of your use of this Site or material from this Site shall be resolved according to the laws of the State of New Jersey, United States of America, without giving effect to that state’s principles of conflicts of laws. The federal and state courts of the State of New Jersey shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims.
Severed Provisions and Entire Agreement
If any provision of this agreement is unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severed from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter.
Modification of these Terms of Use
Campbell Soup Company may modify these terms and conditions at any time and without notice.
EXPLORE campbellsoupcompany.com
Home
About Us
Campbell Soup Company
Our Purpose
Our Values
Real Food Philosophy
Leadership Team
Corporate Responsibility
Corporate Responsibility Policies
Campbell Soup Foundation
Our Brands
Investor Center
Investor Overview
Stock Information
Analyst Coverage
News & Events
Financial Information
Shareholder Services
Corporate Governance
News
Campbell News
Press Releases
Media Contact
Media Library
Contact Us
Connect With Campbell
FAQ
Product Locator
Directions to Headquarters
Suppliers
Connect Email
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Our Other SitesNutrition & Wellness
Recipes
Campbell Shop
Careers
Innovation
Corporate Responsibility
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Campbell Shop
Site Map
Connect with Campbell
© 2020 CSC BRANDS, L.P. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED