https://www.101cookbooks.com/privacy.html
Skip to content
101 Cookbooks logo
Categories +-
Whole Grain WFPB Vegetarian Vegan Soups Side Dishes Sandwiches Salads Pasta Quick Main Course Low Carb Instant Pot Holiday High Protein Gluten Free Drinks Dinner Ideas Desserts Cookies Chocolate Breakfast Baking Appetizers
Ingredients +-
avocado egg herb kale lemon lentil quinoa pasta tomato turmeric yogurt zucchini arugula asparagus basil broccoli buttermilk cauliflower chickpea chocolate curry tempeh tofu ALL
By Season 	+-
Spring Summer Fall Winter
Natural Foods Basics
All Recipes Index
About
Follow
Instagram
Youtube
Facebook
Pinterest
Newsletter
A few times a month I send out new recipes, links & inspirations.
Your email address:
My Cookbooks
Super Natural Simple
Near & Far
Super Natural Every
Day
Super
Natural Cooking
Welcome!
I’m Heidi – This site celebrates cooking, and aspires to help you integrate the power of lots of vegetables and
whole foods into your everyday meals. The recipes you’ll find here are vegetarian, often vegan, written with
the home cook in mind.
Newsletter
A few times a month I send out new recipes, links & inspirations.
Your email address:
Follow Heidi
Instagram
Youtube
Facebook
Pinterest
RSS Feed
Join Us
Join the 101
Cookbooks / Kiva Lending Team. We’ve loaned over $485,000 since
2008. Read about some of the entrepreneurs we’ve funded through Kiva
here.
My Cookbooks
Super Natural Simple
Near & Far
Super Natural Every
Day
Super
Natural Cooking
101Cookbooks.com is firmly committed to maintaining the privacy and protection of your personal information. This Privacy Policy outlines our efforts to maintain your privacy.
Advertising
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here: www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy
Why Did You Receive An Email From Us?
You receive mailings from 101cokbooks.com for two possible reasons:
Your email address has been provided to us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future (“opt-in”);
You have purchased or registered or otherwise have an existing relationship with us.
We respect your time and attention by controlling the content and frequency of our mailings.
How Your Privacy Is Protected
101cookbooks.com uses security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data you have provided to us.
Usage and Sharing
We do not sell, share, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance written permission or unless ordered by a court of law.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here. For example, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information, for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you. We may transfer the information that you have provided to us if 101cookbooks.com is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, 101cookbooks.com will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
How Can You Stop Receiving Email From 101 Cookbooks?
Each email sent contains an easy and automated way for you to stop receiving email messages from 101cookbooks.com in the future. If you would like to do this—to “opt-out” —simply follow the links at the bottom of every email message.
If you have received unwanted or unsolicited email sent via the 101cookbooks.com system or purporting to be sent via the 101cookbooks.com system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to contact101cookbooks AT gmail.com for review. We will look into the matter immediately.
Privacy Policy Changes
This policy was last updated on July 1, 2020.