http://www.inciid.org/privacy
Skip to main content
INCIID
The International Council on Infertility Information Dissemination, Inc
Log In
Glossary
Contact Us
Search form
Search
Homepage
About UsAnnual Report
Advisory Board
Support Us
CommunityForum
ChatChat Transcript
Guest Profiles
Calendar
ArticlesFamily BuildingInfertilityInfertility Basics
Discussion Forum
ART Resources & Reading
Reproductive Technologies
Male Infertility
Reproductive Immunology
Complementary Medicine
Environment
Donor, Surrogacy, 3rd Party
Childfree Living
Coping, Support & Success
Cancer: What Now?
Miscarriage & LossPregnancy Loss
Memorial Gardens
Grief & Loss
Pathology of Pregnancy
Genetic Testing
Women's HealthFertility Preservation
Lifestyles
Insurance & LegalOutcome, Stats, & Reporting
Insurances Basics
Understanding Insurance
Programs, Careers, & Mandates
Possible Carriers
Legal Issues
Support & Advocacy
PregnancyNewly Pregnant
High Risk Pregnancy
AdoptionDiscussion Forum
Exploring Adoption
Adoption & Bonding
ParentingSpecial Needs
Stories From The Heart
IVF ScholarshipScholarship FAQ
Make a Dream Come True
Professional ServicesProfile Search
Join With Us
The Press RoomAdoption
Infertility
Pregnancy & Parenting
INCIID In Media
News and Annoucements
Newsletter
SponsorsOur Partners
Privacy Statement
1. Privacy Statement of INCIID, Inc., a Virginia corporation the operating the website ---http://inciid.org. INCIID regards the privacy and security of user information as a critical and significant component of the service that we offer to our users. (Please see also our Legal Disclaimer)
2. Registration. All information on our site may be freely read. However if you want to participate on any of the interactive areas of INCIID, you will be required to register. At the time of registration, you may be prompted by our registration forms to provide certain personal information to us, including your name, city, state, zip, contact number and email address. In order to further protect the privacy of our registered members, both former and current, we ask that you not publicly inquire about them on the forums, but instead email your inquiry directly and privately to that member.
3. Registration Data. We use Registration Data to for demographic information and sometimes to send you information about INCIID and our services. We also use it to help us understand what our community needs and wants so we can provide it. The information we gather is kept strictly confidential and is generically used in preparation for funding proposals to potential sponsors. In other words, your personal information will never be released to anyone for any marketing or solicitation purpose. The only situations in which INCIID will release personal information about any participant on our site is when that individual has violated the of use within our electronic forums to the point where authorities are contacted. This would include but not be limited to: incidents of spamming, illegal sale or distribution of prescription medications, personal attacks on other participants or threats of bodily harm to self or others. We also use this demographic information to help tailor our website to the needs of our "niche" community.
4. Links to other websites. INCIID can not held responsible for the privacy practices or the content of referring website or sites linked to INCIID. You should be careful to review any privacy policies of such other organizations before registration at their respective web sites.
5. Cookies. Part of the INCIID registration process will involve placing a "Cookie" on your computer. This is necessary so that the INCIID site can "recognize" you when you log onto a bulletin board or chat room. As previously stated, the ONLY purpose for which this information will be used is recognition. No other Internet site can use the cookie placed on your computer by INCIID. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies do not personally identify users. INCIID uses cookies to log you in and out of our bulletin boards.
6. Summary. Except as provided in this privacy Policy, no data or information which personally identifies you will be shared with anyone. Some of your information may be shared on an collective basis only, as a part of a larger set of statistics (for example, statistics that indicate the percentage of traffic frequenting certain bulletin boards or geographic areas).
7. Contact. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, the practices of INCIID.org, or your dealings with our web site, please contact us at: INCIID, Inc. PO Box 6836 Arlington, Virginia 22206 Tel: (703) 379-9178 FAX: (703) 379-1593 Modification of the INCIID Privacy Policy: INCIID reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time.
Single donation
Make Donation
Donate now
INCIID Inc.
5765 F Burke Centre Pkwy
Box 330
Burke, Virginia 22015
Web Design and Development by Cakra Studio
Site Map
Glossary
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
');
//-->