http://www.hondaproblems.com/about/privacy/
Skip to ContentWhen you register as a user, CarComplaints.com ("AutoBeef") collects & stores user data. This includes your first & last name, city, state or province, country, zip code, email address, what cars you own, your favorite hobby, who referred you to AutoBeef, & whether or not you'd like to receive our newsletter.We use this data in several ways:to come up with anonymous user demographic statistics of our registered member database,to target newsletters, promotions, ads, email notices & other forms of communication.We will NOT sell or transfer any of your specific user information to any third party, except to comply with any law, regulation, Acurat or court order. We reserve the right to publish general statistics about our member database which will not reveal any personably identifiable information. Personal information of children under 13 years of age is not collected.If you report a problem that is added to our database, your first name & last initial OR your login name (your choice) is displayed publicly on CarComplaints.com along with your city, state, & country. If you do not wish this information to be displayed, do not submit car problem reports. You may use AutoBeef to browse problem data & view other car problem reports without any of your user data being displayed to the public.We do not store your phone number or street address in our main user database. However we may ask for & store this information for the purpose of running contests, promotions, or selling merchandise. In these cases, your personally identifiable information will only be used for the purpose of completing the promotion or processing your order.We use services provided by third-party companies to serve ads & monitor your web activity while you visit our website. These third-party services use cookies, web beacons, and other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors. The services may use this anonymous data from your visits to this website, other websites & other forms of media in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that they believe are of particular interest to you. You can opt-out of user-targeted ads from most providers we work with by visiting this opt-out link.This policy is subject to change. Last updated on January 27, 2010.Section NavigationAbout This Site The Network Disclaimer Privacy Accessibility Advertise With Us