http://www.barbug.com/privacy.htm
BarBug
BarBug.com
Privacy Policy
Last updated: November 6, 2003
BarBug.com knows that you care how
information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust
that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our
privacy policy. By visiting BarBug.com, you are accepting the practices
described in this Privacy Policy.
What Personal Information About
Customers Does BarBug.com Gather?
The information we learn from customers
helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at
BarBug.com. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive
and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in
any other way. We use the information that you provide for such
purposes as responding to your requests, improving our store, and
communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and
store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.
For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we
obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses BarBug.com.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers
that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web
browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to
provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart
between visits.
The Help portion of the toolbar on
most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from
accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you
receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However,
cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of BarBug.com's
coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Does BarBug.com Share the Information
It Receives?
Information about our customers is an
important part of our business, and we are not in the business of
selling it to others. We share customer information only as described
below.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not
Control: We work closely with our affiliated businesses. You can
tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we
share customer information related to those transactions with that
third party.
Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send
offers to selected groups of BarBug.com customers on behalf of other
businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name
and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, please
contact us at Info@BarBug.com.
Protection of BarBug.com and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe
release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our
Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights,
property, or safety of BarBug.com, our users, or others. This
includes exchanging information with other companies and
organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing,
or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from
customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments
set forth in this Privacy Notice.
With Your Consent: Other than as set
out above, you will receive notice when information about you might
go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not
to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of
your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last five digits of
your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we
transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit
card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect
against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Children
BarBug.com does not sell products for
purchase by children. If you are under the age of 21, you may use BarBug.com
only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not support
underage drinking and advise everyone to party responsible and never
drink and drive.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit BarBug.com, your
visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our
Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of
disputes, and application of the law of the state of California. If you
have any concern about privacy at BarBug.com, please send us a thorough
description to info@BarBug.com, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our
Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail
periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have
instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to
see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice
applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We
stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially
change our policies and practices to make them less protective of
customer information collected in the past without the consent of
affected customers.
Information You
Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, buy, or communicate
with customer service. For example, you provide information when you
search for a product; place an order or purchase; communicate with us by
phone, e-mail, or otherwise. As a result of those actions, you might
supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone
numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been
shipped, including addresses and phone number.
Automatic
Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet
protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet;
login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information
such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform;
purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information
from other customers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL)
clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time;
cookie number; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number.
How To Contact Us
Email:
Info@BarBug.com