http://www.choice.com.au/policies-terms-and-conditions/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
Skip to footer navigation
Top of the content
Terms and conditions
Last updated 29 March 2017
Thanks for visiting choice.com.au. Like any site we have a few house rules,
which form our terms and conditions (T&Cs). Basically, these tell you what we
expect of you when you use our site. We'll also let you know what you can
expect of us. And of course, there's some legal stuff in the mix, as well.
Because CHOICE aims to be open and transparent in everything we do, we've
laid out all the details you might need to know when browsing our site, or
interacting with us, all on this one page.
But first, here's the gist.
The gist...
You can use our sites as long as you don't hack us, steal or use
our content without asking, or share your password with others.
Take responsibility for what you post: don't use our sites to break
any laws or promote your brand or company.
You should know that when you become a member online, we'll bill
you on a recurring basis. We'd like to make it really clear that it's up to
you to cancel these membership payments - but we're always here to
help if you have any problems.
We encourage you to read the entire document, because when you access our site we'll assume you know and agree to our T&Cs.
What's the deal with these T&Cs?
This page sets out the full T&Cs of use of CHOICE's Sites.
When we talk about using a CHOICE "Site" or Sites, we're talking about
using this website, including our freely available content and the member
areas of the website, as well as our free member research community,
voiceyourchoice.com.au.
Check back often
We may change these T&Cs from time to time. You should know
that by continuing to use our Sites you're agreeing to the updated T&Cs. To make it easy for you to find the latest T&Cs, we
provide a link at the bottom of each page of this website and other Sites
and platforms as appropriate.
Who are 'you'?
In these T&Cs "you" are the user of the Sites. You can be a
person, a corporate entity or another entity incorporated or
unincorporated, like an association.
Who we are
We're "CHOICE", also known as the Australian Consumers' Association Ltd, a
nonprofit company, with offices at 57 Carrington Rd, Marrickville, NSW 2204
Australia.
The 'Agreement'
By using, registering and/or subscribing to one or more of the Sites, you
agree to these terms and conditions ("Agreement").
The breakdown
There are three parts to the Agreement.
1. General
2. User generated content
3. Your membership
1. General
Your rights
As long as you comply with the Agreement, we give you the right to access,
use and display one or more of the Sites. The contents of the Sites are for
your personal, non-commercial use only. You agree not to interrupt, or
attempt to interrupt, the operation of the Sites in any way.
You agree not to share your access privileges with any other person or organisation. If you're a
business, library or school or another institution and would like access
for multiple users to the premium or member parts of the Sites, we can
arrange that. Please call our friendly Customer Services team on 1800 069
552 Mon-Fri 9am-5pm (AEST or AEDT) to find out more.
Protecting your password
When you register with CHOICE, you'll select a password. If our Customer
Services team sets up your access, immediately change the generic password
used for that purpose on your next log in. Take care to keep your password
confidential. At the risk of stating the obvious: don't write it down or
store it electronically where it can be discovered and don't disclose it to
anyone.
The reason we need to say all this is that you could be liable if an
unauthorised person gains access to any of the Sites and breaches the T&Cs or in some way damages one or more of the Sites using your
log-in details.
Your privacy
We take protecting your privacy very seriously at CHOICE, and abide by the
Australian Privacy Principles. You can read all about how we do this in our
Privacy Policy
here. Or, if you prefer, write to us at 57 Carrington Rd, Marrickville, NSW
2204 Australia and we'll be happy to send you a copy.
Copyright and trade marks
CHOICE owns the copyright for all material presented on the Sites, and some of our employees and/or contractors own moral rights.
If you'd like to use any CHOICE ratings, reports, articles, materials,
photos, graphics, publications, products or equivalent materials including
trade marks and other CHOICE intellectual property ("the Materials"), in
whole or part, you must have our written permission before doing so.
The Materials are protected in Australia and internationally by the law of
copyright, moral rights, trade mark, equity, common law and other
legislation such as the Competition and Consumer Act 2010.
We reserve the right to take legal action to prevent any unauthorised use
or reproduction of the Materials, in whole or part, for any purpose
including but not limited to advertising, copyright works, trade marks,
logos and any commercial purpose use.
You can help us by asking for permission to use the Materials or reporting
anything you think breaches this agreement to us at
ausconsumer@choice.com.au.
Links to other sites
We link out to other sites from time to time, usually to give you
additional info you might want or need. But we don't endorse, and haven't
necessarily verified any of the information available from any link found
within the Sites.
We welcome links from other sites to ours, not if you also copy or appropriate our
content at the same time:
You may not copy or use any of the graphics (or
other elements) from one of our Sites within another site - any link to us
should be provided as a text link.
You may not link to the Sites within a frame in
your site.
We'll take all steps available to us to prevent links of these types to our
Sites.
2. User generated content
The Agreement relates to any and all Communications submitted to one or
more of the Sites. By "Communications" we mean things like content, survey
responses, other responses to research, and user reviews and comments.
Removing material
It probably won't happen often but we may, in our absolute discretion, at
any time remove any Communications from the Sites. Just to be clear:
removing these Communications isn't an admission that they're
inappropriate, and it's not an admission of any liability by us.
If we think it's necessary, we'll remove Communications and/or any other
content within our control.
When we'll remove content
If we consider something is:
1. For a commercial purpose
2. Indecent or abusive
3. False or misleading
4. Slanderous, libellous or defamatory
5. Likely to cause injury of any kind
6. Likely to or does violate or breach any rights of any person and/or
group (including the intellectual property rights, contract rights, or any
other rights of CHOICE and/or any third party)
7. Likely to or does violate or breach any applicable laws, rules, or
regulations
8. Likely to or does contain software viruses or any other malicious code
9. Likely to be harmful, or to cause loss or damages to CHOICE and/or any
third parties
10. In our opinion, of a vexatious nature
11. Likely to relate to a membership or access issue and the customer has
been contacted and/or the issue has been resolved
12. Off-topic and/or
13. Not adequately and/or properly declaring an association and/or vested
interest in any brand, product and/or company
You're responsible for what you post
You should know you are solely responsible for the content of any and all
Communications you publish to the Sites. These are public, unless otherwise
indicated.
Wait, there's more...
These disclaimers limit our liability to you. It's important you're aware of them.
When you post to the Sites:
You acknowledge and agree not to use a bot or other device to scrape or assist scraping of information from the Sites.
We can use and republish anything
you post to the Sites.
You indemnify us in case you publish something that gets us
into trouble. Indemnify means you'll take responsibility and secure us
against legal responsibility.
You acknowledge and agree that, we may in our absolute discretion and without notification to you, edit or remove any one or more of the Communications from the Sites.
You acknowledge and agree that we aren’t under any obligation to publish the Communications.
You acknowledge and agree that we aren't liable for your actions in using our
Sites.
Complaints about user comments
We're pretty small and, as a nonprofit, we don't have the resources to vet
all contributor communications. So we don't control, review or
systematically vet the content of any Communications.
We don't take responsibility for, endorse or necessarily agree with your
Communications and/or the Communications of any third party, including
members of the public, on our Sites.
We'll still try to respond to complaints
CHOICE will permanently remove any and all relevant communications if we
think that's necessary.
While we'll try our best to act on any complaint, we can't guarantee we'll
act within any specific time period. And we won't act on any complaint that
we deem to be vexatious. (In plain language, vexatious means frivolous or
without genuine grounds for a complaint.)
You should know that if you complain but don't include your name and
contact details, we may treat your complaint as vexatious.
How to report inappropriate comments
If you think a comment is inappropriate, unsuitable or breaches any term or
condition of the Agreement, please report it to Customer Services and
provide these details:
why you think the material is inappropriate, unsuitable or in
breach of the Agreement terms and conditions, and
your name and contact details.
We take any and all complaints seriously, and we'll temporarily remove
relevant Communications while we review them.
Tell us if you have a vested interest
We're proudly independent and unbiased - it's in our DNA. We aim to tell
the truth at all times, and we need you to be honest with us, too.
So if you're making a comment that touches on a brand, product and/or
company that you have an association with, or a vested interest in, be
transparent about it. In other words, "you must advise CHOICE and other
users of any association and/or interest at the time of any Communications
and be completely transparent about the association and/or interest".
Here's how...
If you use official brand and/or company accounts you must include that
info in your display name, which shows on your comments e.g. Ruby
Hutchison, XYZ Company. You can change your display name by editing your
profile.
If you're using a private account, you should include this information in
your profile. And if your comment is related to the brand or company you
have an association with or vested interest in, or to a direct competitor,
you should state this in the body of your comment. E.g. I am an employee of
XYZ Company but these views are my own.
CHOICE staff comments
From time to time, CHOICE staff may respond to queries or comments. This is
not an approval, agreement or endorsement of your or another party's
comments, and it's not indicative of a systematic review of that or any
other forum facilitated by us.
3. Your membership
Here's what you need to know when you have a paid membership with us. (Good
decision, by the way.)
Your rights
As a consumer, you have rights.
Under Australia's Competition and Consumer Act 2010, you have
remedies available to you if a service isn't delivered with due care and
skill. Your CHOICE membership is no exception.
Something wrong?
Let us know by calling us 1800 069 552 during business
hours or emailing us at
ausconsumer@choice.com.au
and we'll help you as quickly as we can. You can read all about
our complaints handling policy
here.
Prices
All our prices are in Australian dollars. We may change the price of your
membership from time to time but we'll let you know before this happens.
How do my ongoing membership payments work?
We're glad you asked. When you become a member online, we'll bill you on a
recurring basis. That means we'll debit your nominated card or bank account
until you tell us to stop. In other words, it's up to you to cancel.
We'd love you to stick around, but if you want, you can cancel your
membership payments at any time by:
logging in and going into 'My Profile' at choice.com.au where you
can cancel your membership
calling us on 1800 069 552 during business hours or emailing
ausconsumer@choice.com.au
You'll have access to all the services that come with your membership until
the end of your membership term (to see the different memberships available
to you, go to choice.com.au/membership).
So I can tell you I want to cancel my payments at any time?
Yep. Absolutely. The one thing you should know is that to avoid being
charged for the next membership period (remember, we said 'recurring'), you
need to notify us at least one (1) day before your membership expires.
If you have a quarterly membership, we'll automatically debit your
nominated credit card or bank account each quarter. You'll see your debit
on your bank statement, shown as "CHOICE MARRICKVILLE".
If you have an annual or two-year membership, we'll let you know
that a new membership term is about to start before we debit your nominated
card or bank account.
One more thing...
It's important you know that if your card's expiry date has changed and you
haven't updated the details in your profile or contacted us to let us know,
your payments will continue to be deducted.
By agreement with the Payment Card Industry, recurring payments like
membership renewals can be processed on supplied credit cards past the
expiry date, as long as the credit card number is still the same.
So please keep us up to date with your details, and if you're ever unsure
get in touch.
Get in touch
We're always here to help. If you ever have a problem with your membership,
just get in touch: by calling us 1800 069 552 during business hours or
emailing us at
ausconsumer@choice.com.au.