http://www.olympicdairy.com/privacy-policy
Trigger
Sign up Newsletter
Join YourStore's squad for 20% off
and get all the latest news, trends and offs and offers straight to your inbox. Or get 15% off using code SQUAD15
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
1 UK only; 2. Offar expiras 23:59(GMT) 10/02/16; 3.
FAQ
Contact us
FR
Products
Why Organic?
Recipes
About us
Home
Why Organic?
Products
Recipes
About us
FAQ
Contact us
Newsletter
FR
Ultima Foods Inc.
Privacy Policy
At Ultima Foods Inc. (“Ultima”), we are committed to maintaining the privacy
and security of your personal information, which is why Ultima has created a
respectful and comprehensive privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”). We
comply with the federal privacy legislation known as the Personal Information
Protection and Electronics Documents Act (the “Act”) and substantially similar
provincial privacy legislation. This Privacy Policy details how Ultima collects,
uses and discloses personal information.
The Privacy Policy will detail the following information:
What is personal information;
Information we collect;
Information gathered with technology;
Consent;
Security against information loss and theft; and
How to contact us regarding this privacy policy
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy policy, or the
privacy of your personal information, please contact us.
Your provision of personal information to Ultima means that you have read,
understood and agreed to the terms of the Privacy policy and therefore that
you agree that we may collect, use and disclose your personal information in
accordance with our Privacy Policy.
What is personal information
Personal information is any information about an identifiable person including
the name, address, telephone number and e-mail address but excluding the
name, title, business address or telephone number of an employee of an
organization. Ultima collects only personal information that you provide
voluntarily. You may also provide us information about products that you have
purchased.
Information we collect
We collect personal information from you only for the purposes we identify to
you at or prior to the time we collect such personal information. When we do
collect personal information, the purposes for which your personal
information is to be used will be identified to you.
Ultima may collect and use your personal information:
To update and verify your personal information that may already be in our database;
To respond to your inquiries and comments;
To register you for certain features on our websites;
To administer our programs;
To conduct surveys, contests and promotions [in the case of contest
entry information, we reserve the right to publish the winner's name on
our websites];
To distribute, market, provide and inform you about Ultima products by sending you newsletters, promotional information, product samples,
coupons, and/or e-mails provided you have subscribed to receive such
marketing materials;
To help us understand your interests and develop new products and services that meet your needs;
To comply with any laws or regulations and to cooperate with law enforcement inquiries; and
For any other purpose to which you consent. For example, some individuals may apply for a job opening and send us their resume.
We do not sell or redistribute personal information that we collect. Unless you
consent in writing or unless disclosure is required by law, we will not disclose
your personal information to any third party except as provided below.
Ultima may disclose your personal information:
To third party service providers with assurance that such third party
service providers use the personal information only as is required to
perform the task they have been retained for, and agree to follow
policies compliant with privacy laws;
If you have entered into and won one of our contests, your name and
city of residence may be published by us or one of the Contest
sponsors. Please check the specific contest rules for details;
To comply with any legal requirements; to enforce our Privacy Policy, or
to protect your safety and security while visiting our websites;
To third parties in connection with a corporate re-organization, merger
or amalgamation, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets,
provided that the personal information disclosed continues to be used
for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy by the entity
acquiring this information; or
To any other third parties, with your consent to such collection, use or disclosure.
Information gathered with technology
We use a feature called “cookies” which identifies your browser to us each
time you visit one of our websites. We may use and disclose the information
provided by cookies to affiliates and other third parties to manage and
improve our websites and programs. We may also collect your IP address
when you visit our websites. Your IP address is collected so that we know how
many visits to our websites we have had by separate individuals. Cookies
cannot profile your system or collect information from your hard drive.
Although you may receive cookies from many different sites, each cookie can
only be read by the Web server that originally issued it. Most browsers are
initially set up to accept cookies, but you can set your browsers to refuse
cookies.
Consent
Ultima uses reasonable efforts to ensure we obtain the appropriate form of
consent. In determining the appropriate form of consent, Ultima takes into
account the sensitivity of the information provided. If there are purposes for
which we intend to use your personal information other than the purposes for
which the initial consent has been given and beyond what you may
reasonably expect, we will obtain further consent.
You may opt-out of being contacted and withdraw consent from having your
personal information used for marketing purposes or from having your
personal information used for market research purposes. Newsletters,
promotional material and e-mails sent by Ultima will detail how you may optout of being contacted. Withdrawing consent or opting-out may in some
instances result in your inability to participate in certain programs, features
or promotions.
Security against personal information loss and theft
We have security measures in place to attempt to protect you against the
loss, misuse and alteration of your user data that is under our control. In all
cases, we take reasonable measures so that your information be retained in
secure facilities, protected from unauthorized access and kept only as long as
is reasonably required. Only authorized employees who have a need to know
your information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy have access
to the information you provide. We have strict non-disclosure contracts with
all employees who have access to the databases storing user information or to the servers hosting our services. We are not liable for any illegal use of
your personal information that is beyond our reasonable control.
Children
We never knowingly solicit, collect, store or disclose personal information
from children who are under 16 years of age. We may collect and use only
the contact information, i.e. the name, home address, e-mail address and/or
telephone numbers of a child 13 to 16 years of age. If a child under the age
of 16 wishes to disclose to us personal information, he/she must provide us
with his/her parent’s or legal guardian’s e-mail address so that we can obtain
express consent to the collect and use of his/her contact information. If a
child under 16 has already provided us with personal information, his/her
parent or legal guardian may contact us for the purpose of correcting or
deleting such information.
Retention of personal information
We will only keep your personally identifiable information for as long as it is
required for internal business purposes and in order to satisfy various
accounting and legal requirements. When we no longer require information,
we will take steps to ensure that it is destroyed, or that your personally
identifiable information is removed.
Contact us regarding this Privacy Policy
You have the right to have a copy of the personal information you provide to
us, and to correct or update your personal information. Upon written request,
we will inform you of the existence, use and disclosure of your personal
information and give you an opportunity to review your personal information.
If you believe that we have not complied with this Privacy Policy or with
respect to your personal information, you may write the Privacy Officer at the
following address:
Ultima Foods Inc.
Privacy Officer
4600 Armand-Frappier St.
Saint-Hubert, Quebec J3Z 1G5
or via e-mail: click here
Phone : 1 800-801-1150
In your letter, please describe, in as much detail as possible, the manner in
which you believe we have not complied with our Privacy Statement. We will
investigate your complaint promptly.
Also, please note that we are not responsible for the content or privacy
practices of non- Ultima websites to which Ultima or any other Ultima
websites may link.
Ultima reserves the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy at any
time. If we make any changes we will post such changes on our websites. We
recommend that you visit the Privacy Policy often to ensure you are up to
date on Ultima’s conditions for the collection, use and disclosure of your
personal information.
Yogurts and dairy products made in Canada
Privacy Policy - Terms of use© 2020 Olympic / All rights reserved - DESIGN by LG2 / DEVELOPMENT by CIDMA
Subscribe to our newsletter
Top of the page
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
We use cookies and other technologies to optimize your experience on our website. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Aliments Ultima Inc, its brands and partners. For more information, please read our terms of use
and our privacy policy.
Agree
Subscribe to our newsletter!
Name *Required field
E-mail *Required field