https://www.consumerreports.org/privacy-policy/highlights/index.htm
Sign InSign InBecome a MemberDonateMonthly GivingOne-Time DonationOther Ways To GiveSign InRemember MeForgot username or password?Forgot username or password?Not a member? Join todayNeed further assistance? Please call Member Services at 1-800-333-0663Sign InRemember MeForgot username or password?Forgot username or password?Not a member? Join todayNeed further assistance? Please call Member Services at 1-800-333-0663
Privacy Policy Highlights
Privacy Policy
Navigate Privacy Policy Sections
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Highlights
Privacy Principles
Privacy Policy FAQs
Cookie Policy
Protection of Information
Surveys
Choice/Opt Out
Complete Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Archive
Privacy Policy Highlights
Last Modified: July 10, 2020 (View Archived Versions)
Consumer Reports is an independent, nonprofit member organization that works side by side with consumers for truth, transparency, and fairness in the marketplace. As part of that mission, we are committed to following a core set of Privacy Principles.
Please note that the Consumer Reports Privacy Policy has been updated. Please review the revised Privacy Policy carefully before using any of our products, services and programs. By using our products, services and programs you consent to the terms of our updated Privacy Policy. Click here for more information about the updates.
For more information, please read our complete Privacy Policy.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers the Consumer Reports family of digital services, print publications, and other products, services and programs that provide an authorized link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, "CR Products").
Information Collected
We collect a variety of information about you, including:
Information you provide directly to us.
Information we collect automatically on the CR Products, including through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
Information we obtain from other sources where permitted by law.
Information that is combined or supplemented with information from other sources.
Read More
Use of Information
We use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, including:
To fulfill products, services and information you’ve requested.
To customize your experience so that we can make a better, more compelling experience for our users.
To provide you with products, services and programs we believe may be of interest to you.
To conduct consumer policy and mobilization activities, such as running campaigns on consumer policy issues, and informing our efforts to recruit, train and connect our consumer activists.
To provide insights to manufacturers, regulators, researchers and other third parties to help improve the marketplace.
As otherwise described to you at the time of collection or with your consent.
Read More
Disclosure of Information
We may share information within the Consumer Reports family and with various third parties, including:
With our authorized service providers
When you make a donation
When you enter a sweepstakes or contest
When you submit a user review
For direct-mail campaigns
With policymakers when you take action on a policy issue
With manufacturers, regulators, researchers and other third parties to help improve the marketplace
To protect our websites and users
When required by law
Read More
Choice/Opt Out
You have choices regarding the use of information we collect.
You can stop the delivery of promotional email from a CR Product by following the instructions in the message.
You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements.
You can opt out of receiving communications from us in connection with donations, surveys, policy and mobilization emails, direct mail, and other communications.
You can opt out of direct mail promotional offers from third parties.
Read More
Other
We believe that consumers have a right to know what information is being collected about them and how that information is being used. We also believe that consumers should be able to access their information and delete it whenever possible.
For persons in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Switzerland, we provide information regarding your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Read More
We have adopted commercially reasonable information security policies and practices to help protect your information (but please note that no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure).
We may revise the Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices, in which event we will update the date the Privacy Policy was last modified that is posted at the top of the Policy.
For more information about our privacy practices, please review our complete Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or write to us at:
Consumer Reports
Attn: Member Support
101 Truman Avenue
Yonkers, NY 10703
For more information, please read our complete Privacy Policy.
Member Support
Contact Us
Account Settings
What is Membership?
Make a Donation
Newsletters
Give a Gift
About
About Us
Career Opportunities
Media Room
Advocacy
CR Recommended Program
Data Intelligence
Digital Lab
Product Reviews
Appliances
Babies & Kids
Cars
Electronics
Health
Home & Garden
Money
A-Z Index
Magazine & Books
Current Issue
CR Digital Archive
5 Year Index
CR Store
More
Video
en Español
Report a Safety Problem
Give a Confidential News Tip
Buy a New Car
Buy a Used Car
Join
Donate
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
instagram
Pinterest
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Ad Choices
© 2020 Consumer Reports, Inc.