http://www.cookerybook.com/privacystatement.asp
Free Recipes Home
Free Recipe Search
Books for Cooks
Shop
Recipe Resources
Recipe Information
Add URL
About Us
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Chamber of Commerce on the Web Member
CookeryBook.Com is operated by
Sherif Trading SA
26 chemin du Petray, Vesenaz, Geneva, Switzerland
Phone +41 22 566 17 94
Fax +41 22 752 48 73
Librarian:
Webmaster:
Copyright ? 2000-2018 by CookeryBook.Com All Rights Reserved
Privacy Statement
CookeryBook.Com
is operated by Sherif Trading SA, which has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website:
CookeryBook.Com.
Contact Information
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
A subscriber's email address is included with our mailing list. It is used only when mailing to the entire list. That is, addresses are never used individually.
We do not share any of your personal information with anyone at any time for any reason.
Updating Your Personal Information
You can update your personal information by sending an email message to:
service@cookerybook.com
.
Your personal information will be permanently deleted from our database upon receipt of any message to
service@cookerybook.com
. However your request will be verified before taking action.
Alternatively, call +41 22 566 17 94 from 8.30 am to 5 pm Geneva, Switzerland time.
Spam
We never use spam.
We will not associate with any firm or individual who does use spam.
A verified complaint against anyone using spam associated with this site in any way results in immediate termination of the relationship.
Please report any incident of unsolicited email that includes any mention of
CookeryBook.Com
using the contact details below.
You will receive a prompt reply and our thanks.
The matter will be dealt with swiftly.
Links to Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites.
CookeryBook.Com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Please let us know if you find a site to which we link that is objectionable to
you using the contact details below.
We will investigate promptly and we will keep you informed.
We will promptly remove the link from our site if our findings are that that is the appropriate course of action.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. Browsers are usually set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you may alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function as effectively when viewed by the users. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive or pass on computer viruses.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
As you visit and browse our Web site, the site uses cookies to differentiate you from other users. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from having to log in more than is necessary for security. Cookies, in conjunction with our Web server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our clients. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not intentionally store any personal information that your browser provided to us in your cookies.
Cookies and AdSense
Third parties, such as Google AdSense, may place and read cookies on your browser, or use web beacons to collect information, while serving ads on this web site.Here is how Google explains cookies:
"A 'cookie' is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies."
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to display ads to you based on your visit to our site and to other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Any concerns should be made to us using the contact details below.
All enquiries will receive prompt attention and a prompt response.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service:
You can send email to:
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Sherif Trading SA., 26 chemin du Petray, CH-1222 Vesenaz, Geneva, Switzerland
You can call the following telephone number: +41 22 566 17 94
You can fax the following number: +41 22 752 48 73
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
email:
send mail to the following postal address: Sherif Trading SA., 26 chemin du Petray, CH-1222 Vesenaz, Geneva, Switzerland
Call the following telephone number: +41 22 566 17 94
Fax to: +41 22 752 48 73
Terms of Use
Please read the terms under which you may use this web site by clicking
here.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact:
Fred Bunzl
26 chemin du Petray
CH-1222 Vesenaz, Geneva, Switzerland.
Email:
Telephone: +41 22 566 17 94
Fax: +41 22 752 48 73
Home
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Free Membership