http://www.military-money-matters.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use for Military-Money-Matters.com
We recognize that your privacy is important, and that you're concerned about what we do with the information we collect when you visit our site. This document outlines the types of personal
information we receive and collect when you use Military-Money-Matters.com, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard that information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about using this site, and sharing personal information with us.
Military-Money-Matters.com strives to maintain the highest
standards of integrity, fairness and decency in all our
operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting your
privacy on our website.
Personal Information
We collect personally identifiable information from you on a
voluntary basis -- in other words, only if you provide it to us. Personal information collected on a voluntary basis may include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and telephone number.
This information is collected if you request information
from us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, sign
up to join our email list, or request some other service or
information from us. The information collected is internally
reviewed, used to improve the content of our website, notify
our visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries.
In addition, if you purchase goods or services from us, in addition to the information specified above, we may also collect your credit card and/or billing information in order to process the transaction and furnish the items you purchase.
Once information is reviewed and utilized for the purpose you provided it for, it may be discarded or stored in our files. If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information, we will inform you by updating this notice. Personal information will be used only for internal purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties except
as provided herein.
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies to help you personalize your online
experience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to
your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to
enable our systems to recognize your browser. The purpose of
a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to
a specific page. For example, if you personalize the sites
pages, or register with any of our site's services, a cookie
enables Military-Money-Matters.com to recall your specific
information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by
modifying your Web browser; however, if you choose to
decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the
interactive features of the site.
A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitor
your journey around a single website or collection of sites.
They are also referred to as web bugs and are commonly used
by sites that hire third-party services to monitor traffic.
They may be used in association with cookies to understand
how visitors interact with the pages and content on the
pages of a web site.
We may serve third-party advertisements that use cookies and
web beacons in the course of ads being served on our web
site to ascertain how many times you've seen an
advertisement. No personally identifiable information you
give us is provided to them for cookie or web beacon use, so
they cannot personally identify you with that information on
our web site.
Some third-party advertisements may be provided by Google,
which uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google uses the
DART cookie, which enables it to serve ads tailored to our users based on their visits to this site and other sites on the Web. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Note:
Because Google uses DoubleClick technology to serve its ads, cookies placed by Google for behavioral advertising, including its opt-out cookie, will appear as DoubleClick cookies.
Military-Money-Matters.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC
Associates Program, an affiliate
advertising program designed to
provide a means for sites to earn
advertising fees by advertising and
linking to Amazon.com.You may opt out of some, but not all, of these cookies in one location at the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out website at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies or notify
you when a cookie is being sent. Privacy software can be
used to override web beacons. Taking either of these actions shouldn't cause a problem with our site, should you so
choose.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
This website is directed to adults; it is not directed to or intended to be used by children under the age of 13. We operate our site in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, and do not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Your use of this
site certifies that you are over the age of 13.
Non-Personal Information
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is
not personally identifiable. This may include information regarding your internet service provider, your general geographic
location (city and state), the operating system and browser you use, and the resolution settings of your monitor.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to optimize your experience on our site, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user
base as a whole.
The information collected is used solely
for internal review and is not shared with other organizations
for commercial purposes.
Release of Information
Should Military-Money-Matters.com be sold at some point in the future, your submissions (and any derivative works) which have become part of the site may transfer to the new owner as part of the sale. You will not have the opportunity to opt out of such transfer as your submission grants us the right to transfer materials you have submitted.
In addition, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as part of the sale in order that the service(s) being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and have an opportunity to opt out of the transfer of information other than your submissions.
We will make reasonable efforts to require that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make of us.
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement of our
commitment to protect your personal information. If you have
submitted personal information through our website and would
like that information deleted from our records or would like
to update or correct that information, please use our Contact Us page.
Submission Guidelines and Agreement
Your submission of comments, photos and videos to Military-Money-Matters.com, whether submitted via e-mail, our contact form, or a comment form on one of our pages, certifies that you are over the age of 18, and that you have the right to submit any comments (text) and photos/videos you are submitting.
Your submission to this site must be your original writing (not copied from someone else) and/or photos/videos, in good taste, legal, accurate and true, non-defamatory, non-threatening, non-confidential, non-infringing of copyrights owned by others and relevant for this site.
You agree not to make any submissions that violate or infringe in any way upon the rights of others (incuding, without limitation, any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right) or that are otherwise unlawful.
You will be solely liable for, and will indemnify and hold harmless Military-Money-Matters.com and any party authorized by us from, any damages arising from and relating to your submissions or the use thereof, in whole or in part, by us or by any party authorized by us.
Your posts should be non-commercial/non-promotional in nature and should not contain commercial web addresses, e-mail addresses or phone numbers.
We reserve the right to delete any such material contained in your submissions.
By making a submission on this site, including text, photos, and/or videos, you grant to Military-Money-Matters.com and any party authorized by us an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, assignable and
transferable license to reproduce, distribute, perform or display (publicly or otherwise), create derivative works from and otherwise use and exploit your submissions (and to authorize others to do the same), in whole or in part, and as may be edited or modified by us or any party authorized by us, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, in any form or media now existing or hereafter devised, without obligation of any kind.
You also grant Military-Money-Matters.com the right to pursue legal action against anyone who copies your submission and displays it anywhere without prior written permission of Military-Money-Matters.com.
Military-Money-Matters.com reserves the right to reject or edit or delete any parts of your submission that violate the guidelines set forth above, including the right to ban offenders from submitting again.
We also reserve the right to change these guidelines at any time without prior notice.
You may keep informed about any changes by returning to this page periodically.
Your submission of material to this site signifies your agreement to these terms.
Information Provided By Military-Money-Matters.com to You
Although Military-Money-Matters.com strives to provide materials that are both useful and accurate, laws, regulations, data and other information change frequently and are subject to varying interpretations. In addition, the facts and circumstances of every situation differ. Accordingly, although we endeavor to use reasonable care in assembling the Materials, the Materials may not be up-to-date, accurate or complete. In particular, the Materials may not reflect current legal developments, nor will they necessarily reflect the rules applicable to each jurisdiction or factual circumstance. We make no representations or warranties with respect to the sufficiency, adequacy, accuracy, currency or reliability of the Materials and will not be liable for any lack of the foregoing.
No Financial, Credit-Related or Other Professional Advice
Military-Money-Matters.com believes that the Materials provided will be helpful as an educational tool and for background reference, but they should not be construed as financial, legal, accounting or other professional advice on any subject matter. We have endeavored to comply with legal and ethical requirements known to the personnel who compile this Site, but Military-Money-Matters.com is not engaged in rendering financial, legal, accounting or other professional services, and availability or use of the Materials is not intended to create, and does not create, any fiduciary, attorney-client, accounting-client or other professional services relationship. Specifically, Military-Money-Matters.com is not and does not hold itself out to be a collection agency, a credit reporting agency or a consumer credit counseling agency. Use of the Materials is not an adequate substitute for obtaining financial, legal, accounting or other professional advice from a professional licensed in your jurisdiction. You agree you will not act or refrain from acting based on any of the Materials without first seeking the services of a competent professional.
No Warranties
Neither Military-Money-Matters.com nor any of its licensors or suppliers makes any representations or warranties, either express or implied, of any kind with respect to the Site, the Materials, any linked web site or any other content or information available on or through the Site. All Materials, links and other content and information available on or through the Site are provided "AS IS" with no warranty. You agree that use of the Site and/or all Materials, links and other content and information available on or through the Site is at your sole risk. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, MILITARY-MONEY-MATTERS.COM AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, THE MATERIALS, ANY LINKED WEB SITE OR ANY OTHER CONTENT OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Limitation on Liability
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, neither Military-Money-Matters.com nor any of its licensors or suppliers, nor its or their directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents or other representatives ("Service Providers") will be liable for any damage, loss or expense of any kind arising from or relating to your access to or use of the Site, the Materials, any linked web site or any other content or information available on or through the Site, regardless of whether such liability is based in tort, contract, or otherwise. In no event will Military-Money-Matters.com, any of its licensors or suppliers, or any of its or their Service Providers be liable to any party for any indirect, special or consequential damages arising from or relating to use of or access to the Site, the Materials, any linked web site or any other content or information available on or through the Site, including, without limitation, any damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other data, loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction or otherwise, even if Military-Money-Matters.com or any of its licensors or suppliers or Service Providers is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages.
Updates and Effective Date
Military-Money-Matters.com reserves the right to make changes in
this policy. If there is a material change in our privacy
practices, we will indicate on our site that our privacy
practices have changed. Any such changes are effective immediately upon posting on the site.
We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Your Use of the Site Constitutes Your Acceptance of These Terms
Your use of this site indicates your acceptance of the terms outlined in this privacy policy and terms of use agreement.
In the event you find terms posted elsewhere on the site, and there is any disagreement or conflict between the two, the terms posted on this page will control.
If you do not agree with the terms posted here, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site.
Thank you for helping us to ensure that your use of our site is a safe and pleasant experience.
If you have any suggestions for ways we can improve the site or make it more helpful for you, please use our Contact Us page.
Last updated: October 10, 2015
As your next step to success, join our community - so that we can let you know about financial and other general information of interest to military families.
You'll also receive additional information not posted on the site.
(We send out free goodies on occasion, too, so don't miss out.)
We'd love to have you join us!
We promise not to fill your inbox with junk, and to never share your email address. Period.
If you'd like to check to see whether we've covered a specific topic, type your topic into the search box below to search the site:
HomeSite InfoLatest ArticlesSite MapSearch This SiteMoney MattersMilitary PayMilitary GiftsMilitary DiscountsPrint CouponsUSAAMilitary SavesVA Home LoansBudgeting 101Money Problems?Debt MattersBe Debt FreeDebt-Free HelpAvoid ForeclosureCredit MattersCredit CardsBest Credit CardsTrue Cost of CreditInt Rate MinefieldCredit ReportsWhy Credit MattersTax MattersFree Tax HelpLower Your TaxesTax DeductionsFamily MattersMilitary FamiliesProtect Your FamilyEmergency PrepBeware - ScamsGold Star ServiceShare This SiteSupport Our TroopsVeterans CharitiesHoliday MessagesSupport Our TroopsThank the TroopsWounded WarriorsDonate a LaptopHonor Their ServiceAmerican HeroesHeroic ActionsMil Spouse HeroesWe Are The NationPolitical MattersWake Up America!Your OpinionsBarack ObamaYour Comment MattersSound Off!Write for UsContact Govt Off'lsResourcesMil Fam ResourcesWe RecommendMake Extra MoneyAdmin MattersContact UsAbout UsOur ReadersFine Print / LegalPrivacy Policy
Enter your E-mail Address
Enter your First Name (optional)
Then
Don't worry — your e-mail address is totally secure.
I promise to use it only to send you Updates from Military-Money-Matters.com.
[?]Subscribe To This Site
Connect With Us
Follow @MilMoneyMatters
As Seen In
What's New?
Read more ...
Get widget for your site
Home          Search          Privacy Policy          Contact
Copyright © 2007-2016.
All rights reserved.
The information presented herein is for educational purposes only. For advice specific to your particular situation, please consult a qualified professional legal or financial adviser.
DO NOT Copy without permission.
Thank you.
Military-Money-Matters.com participates in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, as well as other affiliate referral programs.
If you purchase a product linked from this site, we may receive a small payment from the merchant.
Doing so does not increase your price in any way, but these small amounts allow us to present the information here at no charge to you. Thank you for supporting our efforts by making your purchases using our links.