https://www.goaupair.com/privacy/#cookies
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyHome/Privacy Policy Privacy Policywpadmin2019-11-20T19:21:55+00:00Table of ContentsPrivacy PolicyMedia Usage PolicyRemindersCookies PolicyContestsPrivacyWe collect information in a few different ways:1. When you give us information or give us permission to obtain itWhen you sign up or use our website, you give us certain information voluntarily by completing actions such as subscribing to our newsletter, responding to a survey, or filling out a form. When you register, you voluntarily provide additional information, such as your name, email address, phone number, home address, profile photos, and any other information requested at the time of registration. You can also choose to share with us personal preferences or additional photos.2. We also get technical information when you use our websiteWhenever you use any website, mobile application or other internet service, certain information is created and logged automatically. The same is true when you use Go Au Pair’s website. Here are some of the types of information we collect: Cookie data.We also use “cookies” (small text files sent by your computer each time you visit our website, unique to your account or your browser) or similar technologies to capture log data. When we use cookies or other similar technologies, we use session cookies (that last until you close your browser) or persistent cookies (that last until you or your browser delete them). For example, we use cookies to store your language preferences or other settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit us. Some of the cookies we use are associated with your Go Au Pair account (including information about you, such as the email address you gave us) and other cookies are not. For more detailed information about how we use cookies, please review our Cookies Policy.Device Information In addition to log data, we collect anonymous information about the device you’re using, including type of device, operating system, settings, unique device identifiers and crash data that helps us understand when something breaks. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings. For example, different types of information are available depending on whether you’re using a Mac or a PC, or an iPhone or Android phone. To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.Personalizing your experience Any information you provide helps us better respond to your personal needs. Particularly, information submitted on your application helps us custom-tailor your experience according to your needs.Improving our website We use third-party to cookies gather anonymous information (no names, or other personal information) to track any visitors’ behavior on our website. Once a user has registered on our website, persistent cookies then tie a user’s name securely to their behavior on our website and private online community. We review both sets of information to optimize our website to help our visitors find the information they need in a timely manner.Processing transactions Go Au Pair only collects basic information on its websites, and sells nothing online. We do not have any monetary transactions on our website. However, any information we collect via contact forms or registration forms is sent handled via Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to ensure proper security in handling any of your information. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service(s).Administering contests, promotions, surveys, or other site features. If you are participating in a contest, promotion, survey, or other site features, information relevant to these activities may be collected, such as media for photo contests, or anonymous answers from surveys. (Please see our Media Policy before participating in an event). Survey answers help us improve the customer experience and are kept anonymous when shared.Submitting a Host Family or Au Pair Profile. When you submit a profile, you do this with the understanding that the information requested is designed to best help facilitate a Match. Additionally, certain information is required by the Department of State, and without it, we cannot enter you as a participant in the program.Periodic Emails. The email address you provide may be used to send you helpful information, respond to inquiries, and help facilitate a Match. We do, on occasion, send updates on news relevant to the Au Pair program, helpful materials, invitations to participate in contests, and information about ongoing programs and benefits. We try to keep our marketing emails to a minimum; we hate spam, too!3. Our partners and advertisers share information with usWe also get information about you and your activity outside of our website from our advertising partners and other third parties we work with, or other publicly available sources. For example, online advertisers or third parties share information with us to measure or improve the performance of our ads on other websites. This includes information about your visits to an advertiser’s site, or information about your interests from a third party service, which we might use to help show you ads on other websites.4. What we do with the information we collectWe use the information we collect to provide a Service to you; in other words, to help facilitate and maintain a Match. We’re committed to showing you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you. In order to do that, it’s necessary for us to use your information to:Identify you when you use our website and our online communities.We may use your information to recommend the best Match and cultivate the best possible experience for you with Go Au Pair.We may also need your information to respond to your questions or comments.Using your information in these ways is fundamental to the nature of the Service we provide. In short, it’s necessary for us to do these things in order to make the Service relevant, personal, and useful to you like we promised. It’s in both of our interests for us to do so.We also have a legitimate interest to improve Go Au Pair’s website and processes, maintain our relationship with you, and protect users. We both benefit when we use your information to:Suggest alternatives for a potential Match. For example, if you need an Au Pair who can drive your kids to and from school, we may suggest Au Pairs with the best driving experience.Help you get in touch with a potential Match. For example, our online community can help facilitate communication between Host Families and Au Pairs during the Match process.If you are a Host Family, your profile (including contact information) is only available to the Au Pair(s) with whom you choose to share it. Even when you share your profile with an Au Pair, we protect your privacy by keeping certain information, such as your full address, confidential.If you’re an Au Pair, your profile (including your home country and your contact information) is visible to all Host Families in the community. This is meant to help families who would be a good Match find you in the community and contact you right away. However, to protect your online privacy, certain information, such as your full address, remains confidential unless you choose to share it.Conduct analytics on who is using our website and what they are doing.For example, by logging how often people interact with the Au Pairs our staff has suggested, we can better understand Host Families’ needs and which suggestions have been successful. Improve our website and business processes and offer new features.Send you updates (such as certain activity, like when a new Au Pair who fits your needs becomes available, or when a Host Family wants to contact you) and news or helpful tips sent via email.For example, when you register on our site, we send tips and/or surveys to help you understand your own needs and expectations. This helps ensure you’re finding the best possible Match. Because the Department of State requires agencies to keep Host Families and Au Pairs informed of and compliant with regulations, many of these communications are mandatory.Work directly with the Department of State to uphold Federal regulations for the J-1 Visa program.We provide detailed information to Host Families and Au Pairs about J-1 Visa regulations and your rights in the program. However, you are welcome and encouraged to learn more about the official regulations for the Exchange Visitor Program.Stay compliant with Department of State audits.We may also receive requests from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts. In the rare case of a valid subpoena, court order, or search warrant, we cooperate with law enforcement to ensure our Host Families’ and Au Pairs’ safety.We have a legitimate interest in using information we collect to customize your experience offsite. For example, if you visit our website but forget to come back and submit a profile, you may see our advertisements on other websites, such as Facebook. If you don’t want to see ads from us on social media, you can adjust your settings on the platform itself. To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookies Policy.In addition to the specific circumstances above, we’ll only use your information with your consent in order to send you marketing materials by email, U.S. mail, or through our online community. Each time we send you marketing materials, we give you the option to unsubscribe. We’ll also rely on your consent where we use cookies to identify you across different browser sessions. This means if you log into our online community from your phone (or any device), we’ll remember that you’re you and you won’t need to enter your login details each time you log in.To find out more about how we use cookies, and your choices about how we use them, please see our Cookies Policy.5. Transferring your informationGo Au Pair is a worldwide service. By using our products or services, you authorize us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country. For all transfers of your information from the EEA to the US, Go Au Pair is certified under Privacy Shield and follows its principles. Learn more about Privacy Shield and the principles.EEA Privacy ShieldWhere we share information we receive under Privacy Shield with third parties, we’re responsible for making sure those third parties also comply with Privacy Shield, unless we can prove we’re not responsible for the damaging event.EEA questions/ complaintsIf you are a user in the EEA and have a question or a complaint about Go Au Pair and Privacy Shield, please contact us. If we’re not able to resolve the issue, Go Au Pair will cooperate with the JAMS Arbitration and Mediation Service. This provides an independent dispute resolution service for Privacy Shield complaints in the US. In certain circumstances, and if the dispute resolution process still doesn’t resolve the problem, users in the EEA may pursue binding arbitration. Go Au Pair is also subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.Where we transfer information from the EEA to a country that doesn’t provide an adequate level of protection, we’ll only do so under appropriate safeguards to protect your information, like standard contractual clauses, or Privacy Shield certification.6. How and when we share informationAnyone can see the public boards and Pins you create and the profile information you give us. We also make this public information available through what are called APIs (basically a technical way to share information quickly). For example, a partner can study what their most popular Pins are or how their Pins are being shared on Go Au Pair by using a Go Au Pair API. Some of the ways we use your information require us to share information with third parties, so we can provide your Go Au Pair experience, make sure our customization is effective and comply with laws that apply to us. We share your information with:Third Party CompaniesThird party companies or individuals that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy. For example,Law enforcement agencies or government agencies. We only share information if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Go Au Pair; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.Our wholly-owned subsidiaries and affiliates. If we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, re-organization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser).We also share media submitted in compliance with our Media Policy.7. How long we keep your informationDue to Department of State regulations, we keep application and profile information indefinitely. This helps us uphold Federal regulations and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. This is also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who carries out services on our behalf.Au PairsIf you are already a participant in the Au Pair program, as an Au Pair, your information may also be subject to your home agency’s policies and/or your home consulate’s regulations. Additionally, as either an Au Pair or a Host Family, your options may be limited by Department of State regulations, and removal is subject to the discretion of both The Company and the Department of State. To request having information removed, please contact info@goaupair.com.8. Our policy on children’s informationWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.9. ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our website Privacy Policy. Please be aware that in order to participate in the J-1 visa program, certain private information may be required.Participation in the program, such as filling out an application and submitting media online, is also considered consent to collect your information.10. Choices you have about your infoOur goal is to give you simple and meaningful choices regarding your information. If you have an account with Go Au Pair, you should know that certain information is required to participate in the Au Pair program.CookiesIf you’d like to delete cookies or adjust your web browser’s settings to delete or refuse cookies from our site, please visit the help page for your web browser.You may visit our website anonymously (without registering).Please note that deleting or refusing to accept cookies may limit the features you have access to, including the ability to store preferences. This may also cause some of our pages to display incorrectly.We support the Do Not Track browser setting and you can learn more about how it affects our collection and use of offsite data.You also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Go Au Pair. For example:The browser you use lets you control cookies or other types of local data storage.Your mobile device lets you choose how and whether advertising identifiers and other data is shared with us. To learn more about these choices, please see the information provided by your device or software provider.For more information, please see our Cookies Policy.Information you voluntarily submitAll U.S. Au Pair agencies designated by the Department of State are required to keep certain information on file at all times. This includes, but is not limited to:Host Families:permanent home address,the names and ages of all residents (including children and extended family members),photographs of the home’s interior (particularly, the bedroom that will be given to your Au Pair),childcare needs & the hours you will want your Au Pair to work,other information relevant to the program.Host Family information is only visible to Au Pairs with whom the family has voluntarily chosen to share their profile. Even when you share your profile with an Au Pair, certain information remains confidential.Au Pairs:home country and addressage and childcare experiencephotographs (an introductory video is also encouraged)other information relevant to the program.Au Pair information is visible to all Host Families who have completed and submitted a profile through the online community.Request to have your information removed from our databaseYou may request to have information removed from our database at any time. Please be aware that doing so may make you ineligible for participation in the Au Pair program.EEA users' optionsYou have options in relation to the information that we have about you described below. To exercise these options, please contact us. If you’re an EEA user, you can:Access the information we hold about you. We’ll usually share this with you within 30 days of you asking us for it.Have your information corrected or request to have it deleted. If you have problems updating the information or if you would like us to delete it, contact us.Object to us processing your information. You can ask us to stop using your information, including when we use your information to send you marketing emails. Please be aware that we may be required by the Department of State to keep certain information on file indefinitely. Contact us for more details.If you opt out of receiving marketing messages from us, we may still send you newsletters and updates about your account, including mandatory communications. If you do not Match, you can opt out of receiving communications. We try to limit the marketing materials we send (we hate spam, too!) and we only send you marketing material if you’ve agreed to it. If you’d rather not receive marketing materials, you can easily unsubscribe at any time.Have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, where it’s technically feasible.Complain to a regulator. If you’re based in the EEA and think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commission in Ireland or with your local supervisory authority.Contact usThe best way to get in touch is through our Contact page. If you live in the United States, Go Au Pair is responsible for your information. You can contact Go Au Pair at 151 E 6100 S, Suite 200, Murray, UT 84107, USA.If you live outside the United States, both Go Au Pair and your home agency are responsible for your information. You can contact us at the above address, and we can help put you in touch with your home agency if you no longer have their contact information.11. How we make changes to this policyWe may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Go Au Pair after those changes are in effect, you agree to the new policy. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or get your consent, as required by law.Effective Date May 25, 2018 (Last updated November 20, 2018)Media Usage PolicyWhat we shareAny media you’ve shared with us, as further outlined later on this page, may be shared with any of the parties defined as The Company, for the purpose of media use only.Who we share it withGenerally, we share media in some way with the public, though the extent of media exposure varies greatly depending on how media was submitted. Some media is for confidential use and will not be shared with the public. (Please see the below sections, which detail how media is shared for each method of collection).We share media with our partners solely for the purpose of promoting and supporting the Au Pair program. This includes recruiting new Host Families and Au Pairs, both in the United States and overseas.Why we share itIf you give us your media, we may use it to promote the Au Pair program and recruit new participants. We love to share your stories and show the world what an amazing, life-changing experience people have had!We only share your media to ensure participants have the best experience possible. This includes educating participants about the core values of the program and the tools they need to succeed.How Media is SubmittedMedia submitted to The Company, by using any of the actions named throughout the rest of this document, may be used for marketing activities, to promote the Au Pair program both in the United States and overseas, to recruit new Host Families and Au Pairs, to support our messaging to participants, and to illustrate the fulfillment of the mission of the Department of State.Submitting a Host Family or Au Pair ProfileThe information you submit with your Host Family or Au Pair profile becomes proprietary to Go Au Pair (this is also outlined in your Agreement). By submitting pictures with your profile, you do so with the understanding that your pictures may be used:To draw community members to your profile & help you matchIn marketing materials designed to help you find a matchOnly those who’ve registered with Go Au Pair can see your profile, and we only share the information that’s necessary to help you find a match.Social MediaThe Company considers all of the following as actions which grant permission to share media:Posting on Go Au Pair’s Facebook wallPosting to Go Au Pair’s Facebook GroupsTagging Go Au Pair, the Au Pair Sis, Local Area Representatives, or Placement Coordinators on any social media platformUsing contest-specific hashtags in a post or following contest guidelines in a postUsing #goaupair on any social media platformPublicly sharing media with Go Au Pair in any fashionOther actions specified in contest rules or separate agreementsIf you publicly share media with Go Au Pair, it implies a desire to share this media with the greater public.Events Hosted by Go Au PairCultural Events & Family Day EventsLocal Area Representatives help orchestrate cultural events and Family Day events. Media taken during these events may also be used for promotional purposes.Video footage of the eventPhotos taken at the eventStatements provided by Au Pairs about the experience (must be freely given by the Au Pair)Videos and photos sent to the Local Area Representative by the Au Pair(s) during or after the eventFootage taken at cultural events may be used to promote the programOther EventsPhotographs and videos may be taken during events hosted by Go Au Pair, including but not limited to conferences, parties, workshops, and family day events. Anyone in attendance may be photographed or recorded at these or any other events hosted by The Company.All media gathered from events hosted by Go Au Pair is proprietary. By attending an event, you agree to appear on video and/ or have your picture taken, and understand that this media may be used in The Company’s marketing materials.SurveysThe Company frequently sends out surveys that help us improve our internal processes, which in turn helps us provide the best possible experience for each placement. Survey answers may be shared anonymously. This includes, but is not limited to, locations such as:Marketing & advertising materialsSocial mediaThe Company’s websiteBy taking a survey sent out by The Company, you agree to have your answers shared anonymously.InterviewsMany of our community members have chosen to participate in interviews with our staff. Some of these interviews were conducted in private, others on a public platform such as Facebook Live. Some interviews are confidential, and the interviewer is required to disclose whether your interview will be accessible to the public before conducting the interview.The interviewer is also required to disclose how the interview will be conducted, if and how it will be recorded, and how it will be shared. If you agree to a Facebook Live or Google Hangouts interview, your interview will be broadcasted live, and indefinitely afterward will be public content hosted on Facebook, YouTube, and any other platform(s) deemed appropriate by The Company.If you agree to a phone interview, your interview may be recorded. If you have specified that you prefer your interview to be confidential, it will not be shared. However, The Company may record the conversation for the purpose of improving internal operations. If this is the case, it will be disclosed to you at the time of the interview.ContestsTwice a year, we hold contests that ask participants to submit content about their experience in the Au Pair program. These experiences are very personal, and while it’s obvious that this content helps us with marketing, we also want to be transparent about how we use the media that’s submitted.Your nomination is extremely important, not only to us, but to other participants. Your story helps us share the important message of love that participants so often experience in the Au Pair program.Parents often express concerns about child privacy. Nomination letters and media sometimes include identifying information; thus, as of October 2019, it’s Go Au Pair’s policy to proof all submitted media for such identifying information. To the best of our ability, to protect program participants, we will remove identifying information from submitted media, such as:Last namesStreet address or house numbersPhone numberBirth datesSchool namesLicense plate numbersParents’ current employer or past work placesIdentifying information about friends or family membersAdditionally, to prevent strangers from discovering your identity, Go Au Pair will not tag Host Families or Au Pairs in a social media post quoting from your nomination. You may tag yourself or tag one another if you’d like.These practices prevent the public from seeing your last name in association with your story.Please be aware that we cannot prevent other people from tagging you in a post, and please be aware that Facebook sometimes auto-tags pictures.Where & How Go Au Pair Shares Contest MediaYour stories are vital for helping us spread awareness about this incredible, life-changing program. So many participants consistently have the amazing experience you’ve had, and we want to help more people have that experience, too.As a result, the stories we collect from contests often become our core marketing materials for that year. This is an amazing thing, because it means that 1) The story you’ve shared with us is very compelling; 2) You’ve achieved something great during your time in the Au Pair program & we want to recognize that achievement.Your story not only helps us recruit more participants, but also supports our messaging and sets the tone for new families, so they don’t come into the program thinking it’s just another childcare arrangement. (As you know, it’s so much more than that).This means we typically share contest media in the following places:Social media posts & ads (mostly Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, & YouTube)Email campaignsNews articlesBlog postsTestimonialsBanners, flyers, and print materialsWait… the news?!?Not every nomination makes it into the news. However, the news sometimes shares quotes and images from the nomination media featured on our website. Go Au Pair never shares identifying information such as last names, and we will make reasonable efforts to notify you if your story has been selected by the news.Other MediaAny media voluntarily submitted to The Company in any format, including via:The Company’s online communityEmailSocial mediaSocial media messagingU.S. mailAny method currently known or yet to existIf you send pictures or video depecting your experience, unless stated otherwise, we may reasonably conclude that you want the media to be shared.AgreementMedia submitted to Go Au Pair through any of the above means becomes proprietary. Proprietary media may be used in marketing materials in the ways specified above; media use is specific to the method of collection. If you send media to Go Au Pair, you can reasonably assume it will be used in some way, unless you state otherwise in writing.You agree to us sharing your likeness or your chidren's likeness(es)By submitting media to The Company, you waive claims of rights to that media and give us permission to use the media as specified above. You also agree to have your likeness and any variations of the media you submitted featured in marketing materials in the ways specified above. If Go Au Pair wishes to use media in a way that is not listed in this policy, we will obtain written permission first.You give us permission to publicly share the media you submittedYou also give Go Au Pair the right to produce, exhibit, publicize, and otherwise use the media you’ve submitted, in the methods specified in the above sections, by any lawful methods or means now or hereafter known, including the right to edit and portray media as Go Au Pair sees fit.You certify that you have obtained permission from other people featured in your mediaBy submitting media that includes the likeness or names of your children, you give Go Au Pair permission to share this information across our marketing platforms in the ways specified above. By submitting media that features people outside of your immediate family (for example, your Host Parents, Host Kids, your Au Pair, or other Au Pairs), you certify that you have obtained permission from all parties featured in the media you submit, and take full responsibility for any potential protest of usage.Your OptionsIf you have submitted media to Go Au Pair, or if you already agreed to this Media Policy, you still have options. We never want to share your media if you’re uncomfortable with it.Maintain Your Family's Online PrivacyTo help you ensure your information is secure, we have provided some best practices for maintaining your family’s online privacy.Truly protecting your family’s online privacy means that you must take action on your end, as well. We strongly recommend acquainting yourself with your social media privacy settings. If your kids have social media profiles, email addresses, or cell phones, we recommend looking into their privacy settings as well. Share your privacy wishes with your Au Pair, and take measures to keep your online accounts secure.When considering images ad video for one of our contests, also consider the following:What’s in the background of your photos?Are your kids wearing school t-shirts or other identifying info?Are the kids appropriately dressed?Does the media or nomination letter share too much information about your family’s schedule?What to submit if you don't want your children's faces shared onlineIf you want to take every precaution when it comes to online safety, you can still participate in our contests.A minimum of one image is required for every contest, and video is strongly encouraged. This is because people identify with images and video more strongly than text.Even if you don’t want your children’s likenesses to be shared online, you can still help us strengthen the message of your story with images and video. Here are some ideas for capturing media that protects your children’s privacy:Picture of Au Pair & kids huggingAu Pair tossing kid into the airImages or video of Au Pair & kids playing, recorded from a distanceImages or video of Au Pair’s & kids’ hands or feet (e.g., playing a game, running, holding hands)Audio recordings of Au Pair & kids laughing/ talking togetherImages/ video shot from behind, or showing partial faces onlyRevoking Media PermissionsGo Au Pair is compliant with the Child Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). This means at any time you can revoke media permissions for images and video featuring your children, even after you’ve agreed to our media release. Revocations must be submitted in writing to marketing@goaupair.com. Please note that retracting permission from contest materials may compromise your eligibility to win or redeem prizes. When permission has been revoked, we request that parents give us 5-7 business days to remove the media. We will make every reasonable effort to remove the media wherever we shared it online.Please keep in mind that once your media has been shared online, it might exist forever on the internet. It’s easy for a third party to save an image or take a screenshot, and Go Au Pair cannot control, nor can we be held liable for, the behavior of third parties.Our international partners (usually, the Au Pair’s home agency) also share the media that’s submitted to contests, for the purposes of recruiting Au Pairs. While they are diligent in honoring our requests, they are a separate entity from Go Au Pair and we cannot guarantee perfect compliance.If your media is featured on social media sites, The Company will simply remove it. Be aware that if your statement of refusal includes information submitted in your profile, this may result in The Company removing your profile from the community, as the information requested in your profile is necessary to facilitate the Match Process.If you want certain media kept private, please click here to send a written notice.Updating this policyWe may change this policy as necessary. If the policy changes, we will update this page. If you continue using The Company’s online community and engaging with The Company online, you agree to the new policy. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or obtain your consent, as required by law.Effective May 14, 2018 (Last updated October 16, 2019)Reminders- Au PairsGeneral Health & SafetyExercise, games, crafts and cooking are fun activities for you and the children you care for and are likely childcare tasks you perform every day. Here are some important reminders and tips to keep in mind when you engage in these activities.Exercise can be about pushing yourself to the limit but it’s important to participate in exercise activities which match your fitness abilities. The same is true when exercising with children. To stay safe, choose exercises appropriate for the age of the child and matching your individual fitness level. If at any time while exercising you or the children feel unwell, become injured, or just stop having fun – stop immediately.Be smart and plan ahead. Consider weather conditions and bringing supplies like food and water, sunscreen and bug spray.Always put safety first! Getting hurt is the fastest way to end the fun. Know the risks and potential hazards of the activities you engage in, be aware of your surroundings and environment and remember children at different ages have different safety concerns.Supervise activities so there’s no accidental damage to the Host Family’s property.Know any food allergies the children may have or any food restrictions your Host Parents might have for their children. Always get permissions before making an exception.There are many kitchen gadgets and household appliances available. Be sure you know how to properly and safely operate appliances before use. If you are ever uncertain, ask your Host Parents or check online for instructions.Keep the children in mindThe safety and well-being of children (minors less than 18 years of age) is a serious and important matter all over the world and especially in America. Here are some important reminders and tips specifically dealing with children:We encourage all Au Pairs to frequent the social sites but remind you to always put your work and the children you care for first. You are expected to make the children and your child care responsibilities top priority during working hours so resist temptation and save all your social engagements until after work is over.Remember, you are adults and the things you read, watch, listen to and say may not be appropriate for the children you care for. Always take care with your computer, magazines, books, movies, games, music or any other adult material which may not be suitable for kids.Remember, your friends are also adults and the things you talk about may not be suitable for kids. Be mindful of the things you write on social sites, in emails, text message, chat and of verbal conversations you have over the phone, through video conferencing, or in person which may not be suitable for kids.Most medias in America include parental discretion rankings and other warnings specifically for children. Learn more about how these rankings work across various medias and if you are ever unsure, ask your Host Parents.Movies = http://www.mpaa.org/ratings/what-each-rating-meansGames = http://www.esrb.org/ratings/ratings_guide.jspTV shows = http://transition.fcc.gov/vchip/Music = http://www.riaa.com/toolsforparents.php?content_selector=parental_advisoryToys = http://www.safekids.org/our-work/research/fact-sheets/toy-safety-fact-sheet.htmlBe especially careful with information, photographs or videos you have which contain your Host Family’s children. Check with your Host Parents before sharing photos or videos of their kids on social sites to learn if they have any restrictions. Never take a suggestive or inappropriate photograph or video of a child.Online privacy and safety for you & your Host FamilySocial sites like Facebook and Instagram are a great way to have conversations, meet people and share memories. Here are some important reminders and tips when interacting on social sites:Be familiar with the privacy settings on each social platform. It is your responsibility to know who will see the things you write and the pictures you post before you write or post themGo Au Pair owned or managed social sites are visible to the public and adhere to the respective privacy settings within each platform.Be extremely careful with contact information for you, your Host Family or the children. Contact information can include home address, emails, phone numbers, Skype or messenger names, etc. For the safety and privacy of you and your Host Family, any contact information posted in a public location on a social site owned or managed by Go Au Pair will be immediately removed.Do not share inappropriate personal information about yourself, your Host Family or the children on social platforms. Inappropriate personal information may include details about children or parent behavior, family or marital issues, details on romantic relationships, etc. For the safety and privacy of you and your Host Family, any inappropriate personal information posted in a public location on a social site owned or managed by Go Au Pair will be immediately removed.Although meeting new friends is one of the main reasons to participate on social platforms, be careful who you meet and engage with both online and offline. Remember, for your safety and as part of obeying the regulations from the U.S. Department of State, Go Au Pair pre-screens both Host Families and Au Pairs participating in the Au Pair program. Do not work with families or Au Pairs who advertise on social platforms without confirming they have been approved by a regulated Au Pair agency.Content available publically on social sites owned or managed by Go Au Pair is considered public information may be used by Go Au Pair on our website and in other marketing materials. Videos and pictures will not be used by Go Au Pair without written consent.General ConductRemember who you represent. Inappropriate, suggestive, illegal, lewd, sexual, prejudice, or derogatory comments, photos, or videos not only make you look bad but negatively represent your family, your friends, your country and all persons involved with the Au Pair program. Use common sense before you share. Any activity on Go Au Pair owned or managed social sites which do not support the mission of the Department of State’s J-1 program, Go Au Pair, or Au Pair Sis may be removed.Updating this policyWe may change this policy as necessary. If the policy changes, we will update this page. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or obtain your consent, as required by law.Effective January 1, 2016 (Last Updated May 25, 2018)Cookies PolicyCookies on Go Au Pair’s WebsiteOur privacy policy describes how we collect and use information, and what choices you have. One way we collect information is through the use of a technology called “cookies.” We use cookies for all kinds of things on our website.What’s a cookie?When you go online, you use a program called a “browser” (like Apple’s Safari or Google’s Chrome). Most websites store a small amount of text in the browser—and that text is called a “cookie.”How we use cookiesWe use cookies for lots of essential things on Go Au Pair—like helping you log in and tailoring your Go Au Pair experience. Here are some specifics on how we use cookies.When we use cookiesWe use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future, as well as optimize our advertisements around the internet.PreferencesWe use cookies to remember your settings and preferences.Log inCookies let you log in and out of our community.SecurityCookies are just one way we protect you from security risks. For example, we use them to detect when someone might be trying to hack your account or spam our online community.AnalyticsWe use cookies to make our website better. For example, these cookies tell us how many people use a certain page and how popular it is, or whether people open an email we send.Service providersSometimes we use third-party analytics providers to help us understand how people are using our website. Just like we do, these providers may use cookies.Where we use cookiesWe use cookies on goaupair.com, in our online community (community.goaupair.com), and in our products and services. We also use them on the websites of partners who run our advertisements, or ad tools like conversion tracking.Your OptionsThere are a few ways you can choose how cookies are used on our website:Your browser probably gives you cookie choices. For example, most browsers let you block “third party cookies,” which are cookies from sites other than the one you’re visiting. Those options vary from browser to browser, so check your browser settings for more info.Some browsers also have a privacy setting called “Do Not Track,” which we support. This setting is another way for you to decide whether we use info from our partners and other services to customize our website for you.Updating this policyWe may change this policy as necessary. If the policy changes, we will update this page. If you continue using The Company’s online community and engaging with The Company online, you agree to the new policy. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or obtain your consent, as required by law.Effective May 25, 2018 (Last updated May 25, 2018)
This website uses cookies and third party services to provide the best possible user experience. Click Here to learn more.
Ok