http://www.gardenate.com/privacy
Gardenate
Keep your garden growing - see what to plant right now
Toggle navigation
Keep your garden growing
Planting Now
Vegetables & Herbs
Climate Zones
Comments/Tips
Subscribe
About
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Gardenate collects some personal information. This policy describes the information we collect and how we use it.
By using the Gardenate website, email reminders, or apps, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this policy.
We store and maintain your account and shared garden information on our servers and as backup copies of our database stored in a separate location.
We use a web browser cookie (a small piece of information stored on your computer) to identify your preferred climate zone so we can display this each time you visit the Gardenate website
What types of information do we collect and how do we use it?
Account information. When you register for email reminders or to share your garden with the Gardenate apps we request some personal information to create your account.
Comments entered on the Gardenate website. When you enter a comment on the Gardenate website we store this for display on the site.
Shared garden information. Your shared garden from the Gardenate apps is stored on the Gardenate servers in order to provide the service which allows syncing between phones and tablets. We keep backup copies of this information for disaster recovery purposes.
Gardenate staff may occasionally inspect the shared garden information in order to improve or maintain the system, and we may derive statistical information on planting and harvest dates from shared garden data in order to improve the accuracy of the planting calendar.
We never sell, rent, or share your personal information. We may provide summarized and anonymized planting date information to third parties at our sole discretion.
Transfer of information
Personal information collected by Gardenate may be stored and processed in Australia or any other country in which we maintain facilities. By using Gardenate you consent to such transfer of information outside your country.
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership of Gardenate. If this happens then Gardenate will notify you before information is transferred.
Removing your information
You can terminate your account and remove your personal information at any time. Please contact us to remove your account. Please be aware that backup copies of information may remain stored on our systems even after your account has been removed.
Other questions? Contact us.
Become A Supporter!
Your donation (via PayPal) will help support and improve Gardenate
Donate
Put Gardenate in your pocket. Get our app for iPhone,
iPad or
Android to add your own plants and record your plantings and harvests
Planting Reminders
Join our 60,000+ gardeners who already use Gardenate and subscribe to the free Gardenate planting reminders email newsletter.
Subscribe
Home |
Vegetables and herbs to plant |
Climate zones |
About Gardenate |
Contact us |
Privacy Policy
This planting guide is a general reference intended for home gardeners. We recommend that you take into account your local conditions in making planting decisions. Gardenate is not a farming or commercial advisory service. For specific advice, please contact your local plant suppliers, gardening groups, or agricultural department.
The information on this site is presented in good faith, but we take no responsibility as to the accuracy of the information provided.
We cannot help if you are overrun by giant slugs.
Gardenate © 2007-2020, Hutchinson Software