http://www.australianmedia.com/privacypolicy.htm
CLICK THE PLATETO GO HOME
Australian Media Pty LtdPrivacy
Statement
Australian Media Pty Ltd respects your privacy. Any and all information collected at
this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold,
reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed. Any information
you give to Australian Media Pty Ltd will be held with the
utmost care, and will not be used in ways that you have not
consented to.
1. Resale or disclosure of information to third
parties:
Australian Media Pty Ltd does not sell, rent, loan,
trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site,
including membership forms or email lists.
2. Browser information collected on the
website:
Australian Media Pty Ltd analyzes our website logs to
constantly improve the value of the materials available on
website. Our website logs are not personally
identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with
the individuals that actually browse the site.
3. Advertisements:
We have ads served onto our site by Advertising.com. To visit their privacy statement, please click here.
4. Use of cookies:
Australian Media Pty Ltd does not use cookies on this site, or any of its network of sites.
5. Secure Transactions:
Australian Media Pty Ltd maintains a secure server for orders at:
https://www.australianmedia.com.
We use Thawte for our digital certificate. We use a secure server employing 128 bit data encryption to give you the highest level of security in credit card transactions.
5. Currency of Privacy Statement:
Australian Media Pty Ltd reserves the right to withdraw these "terms of use" and "privacy statement" at any time. We reserve the right to re-issue a replacement "terms of use" and "privacy statement" at any time. We advise that you regularly check: http://www.australianmedia.com/termsofuse.htm(Terms Of Use) and http://www.australianmedia.com/privacystatement.htm(Privacy Statement) regularly.
Please email: info@australianmedia.com with questions or comments.
(c) Copyright 2000 - present. Australian Media Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Please read our Legal Statement and Privacy Policy.