http://www.simplot.com/terms_conditions/
Go
Main Menu
Farmers
Food
Ag Suppliers
Turf & Horticulture
Livestock Products
Beef & Dairy Feeding
Plant Sciences
Animal Sciences
Feed Ingredients
Industrial
Company Pages
About Simplot
Sustainability
International
Careers
Community Involvement
News
Login
Agriview
Grower Solutions Member Area
Food Group Partner
Professional Products Distributor
Bringing Earth'sResources to Life
Farmers
Food
Ag Suppliers
Turf & Horticulture
Livestock Products
Beef & Dairy Feeding
Plant Sciences
Animal Sciences
Feed Ingredients
Industrial
J.R. Simplot Company Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions of Website Use
Last Updated August 6, 2013
The J.R. Simplot Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively referred to herein as “Simplot”, “our”, “us” or “we”) provide this website, accessible at www.simplot.com, and any other Simplot sites, mobile apps, and services that links to this document (collectively, the "Site"), subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms”). Please read carefully these Terms and our Privacy Policy, which may be found at www.simplot.com/privacy_policy.  These Terms govern your access to and use of the Site and any text, graphics, images, software, audio, video, information or other materials that Simplot makes available through the Site (collectively, “Content”), and constitute a binding legal agreement between you and Simplot.
Certain areas of the Site (and your access to or use of certain Content) may have different terms and conditions posted or may require you to agree with and accept additional terms and conditions.  If there is a conflict between these Terms and terms and conditions posted for a specific area of the Site or Content, the latter terms and conditions will take precedence with respect to your use of or access to that area of the Site or Content, as applicable.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, OR BY DOWNLOADING OR POSTING ANY CONTENT FROM OR ON THE SITE, YOU ARE INDICATING THAT YOU HAVE READ, AND THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, THESE TERMS, WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE REGISTERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, THEN YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO ACCESS OR USE THE SITE.  If you accept or agree to these Terms on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to these Terms and, in such event, “you” and “your” will refer and apply to that company or other legal entity.
Modification
Simplot reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, discontinue or terminate the Site or to modify these Terms, at any time and without prior notice.  If we modify these Terms we will post the modification on the Site or provide you with notice of the modification.  We will also update the “Last Updated Date” at the top of these Terms.  By continuing to access or use the Site after we have posted a modification on the Site or have provided you with notice of a modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified Terms.  If the modified Terms are not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Site.
Eligibility
The Site is intended solely for persons who are 13 or older and access the Site within the United States.  Any access to or use of the Site by anyone under 13 is expressly prohibited.  By accessing or using the Site, you represent and warrant that you are 13 or older.
Account Registration
In order to use certain features of the Site, such as our online career portal or distributor service area, you must register to create an account (“Account”).  During the registration process, you will be required to provide certain information and you will establish a username and a password. You agree to provide accurate, current and complete information during the registration process and to update such information to keep it accurate, current and complete.  Simplot reserves the right to suspend or terminate your Account if any information provided during the registration process or thereafter proves to be inaccurate, not current or incomplete.  You are responsible for safeguarding your password.  You agree that you will not disclose your password to any third party and that you will take sole responsibility for any activities or actions under your Account, whether or not you have authorized such activities or actions.  You will immediately notify Simplot of any unauthorized use of your Account.
Privacy
See Simplot’s Privacy Policy at http://www.simplot.com/privacy_policy for information and notices concerning Simplot’s collection and use of your personal information.
Ownership
The Site and Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries.  You acknowledge and agree that the Site and Content, including all associated intellectual property rights, are the exclusive property of Simplot and its licensors.  You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Site or Content.
Licenses Granted by Simplot
Subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions of these Terms, Simplot grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to view, download and print any Simplot Content solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes.  You have no right to sublicense the license rights granted in this section.  You will not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Site or Content, except as expressly permitted in these Terms.  No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Simplot or its licensors, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in these Terms.
User Submissions
You understand and agree that any feedback or other information that you choose to submit to Simplot about our Site, products or business is deemed non-confidential and you grant us a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, distribute, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit such feedback or other information for any purpose, subject to Simplot’s Privacy Policy.
In addition, we may from time to time, in our sole discretion, provide means for users to post, upload, or publish content to or through the Site. By engaging in any of these activities, you grant to Simplot a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, distribute, edit, display and otherwise exploit such content for Simplot’s internal business purposes and to make that content available via the Site consistent with the purposes for which we enable you to post, upload, or publish it.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for any information or content that you submit to Simplot or make available through the Site, and you represent and warrant that: (i) you have all necessary rights to submit such information to Simplot or make such content available through the Site, and to permit us to use it as described above; and (ii) the information or content that you furnish, and our use or exploitation of such information or content as permitted above, will not infringe, misappropriate, or violate any third party’s patents, copyrights, trade secret rights, rights of privacy or publicity, or other rights. We are under no obligation to screen or monitor any user-furnished content on the Site.
General Prohibitions
You agree not to do any of the following:
Post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any content or information that: (i) infringes, misappropriates or violates a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability; (iii) is fraudulent, false, misleading or deceptive; (iv) is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive; (v) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group; (vi) is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity; or (vii) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances.
Use, display, mirror or frame the Site, or any individual element within the Site, Simplot’s name, any Simplot trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without Simplot’s express written consent;
Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Site, Simplot’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Simplot’s providers;
Attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any Simplot system or network or breach any security or authentication measures;
Avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by Simplot or any of Simplot’s providers or any other third party (including another user) to protect the Site or Content;
Attempt to access or search the Site or Content or download Content from the Site through the use of any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools or the like) other than the software and/or search agents provided by Simplot or other generally available third party web browsers;
Send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, email, junk mail, spam, chain letters or other form of solicitation;
Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing a Simplot trademark, logo URL or product name without Simplot’s express written consent;
Use the Site or Content for any commercial purpose or the benefit of any third party or in any manner not permitted by these Terms;
Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way use the Site or Content to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information;
Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Site or Content;
Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Site;
Collect or store any personally identifiable information from the Site from other users of the Site without their express permission;
Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
Violate any applicable law or regulation; or
Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing.
Simplot will have the right to investigate and prosecute violations of any of the above to the fullest extent of the law.  Simplot may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who violate these Terms.  You acknowledge that Simplot has no obligation to monitor your access to or use of the Site or Content or to review or edit any Content, but has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Site, to ensure your compliance with these Terms, or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body.  Simplot reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to any Content that Simplot, at its sole discretion, considers to be in violation of these Terms or otherwise harmful to the Site.
Links
The Site contains links to third-party websites or resources.  You acknowledge and agree that Simplot is not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources; or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources.  Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by Simplot of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources.  You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources or the Content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. The Site also contains links to other Simplot websites that are operated separately from this Site or are otherwise subject to other terms as posted or referenced thereon. You agree that your use of any such Simplot websites will be subject to all applicable terms, conditions, and policies posted or referenced on those websites.
Termination and Account Cancellation
If you breach any of these Terms, Simplot will have the right to suspend or disable your Account or terminate these Terms, at its sole discretion and without prior notice to you.  Simplot reserves the right to revoke your access to and use of the Site and Content at any time, with or without cause.  You may cancel your Account at any time by sending an email from http://www.simplot.com/contact_us.
Disclaimers
THE SITE AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, SIMPLOT EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. SIMPLOT MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE OR CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS.  SIMPLOT MAKES NO WARRANTY REGARDING THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE OR THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, TRUTHFULNESS, COMPLETENESS OR RELIABILITY OF ANY CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM SIMPLOT OR THROUGH THE SITE OR CONTENT, WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Simplot, its officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the Site or Content, or your violation of these Terms.
Limitation of Liability
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE AND CONTENT REMAINS WITH YOU.  NEITHER SIMPLOT NOR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SITE OR CONTENT WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT SIMPLOT HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
IN NO EVENT WILL SIMPLOT’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR CONTENT EXCEED FIFTY DOLLARS ($50).  THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN SIMPLOT AND YOU.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Proprietary Rights Notices
All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations of Simplot used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Simplot.  Any other trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective parties.
Controlling Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of Idaho without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.  The exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any action to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights will be the state and federal courts located in Ada County, Idaho and each of the parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Simplot and you regarding the Site and Content, and these Terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Simplot and you regarding the Site and Content.
Assignment
You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without Simplot’s prior written consent.  Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null and of no effect.  Simplot may assign or transfer these Terms, at its sole discretion, without restriction.  Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Notices
Any notices or other communications permitted or required hereunder, including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be in writing and given by Simplot: (i) via email (in each case to the address that you provide);  or (ii) by posting to the Site.  For notices made by e-mail, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.
Dispute Resolution
You and Simplot agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Site (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding arbitration, except that each party retains the right to bring an individual action in small claims court and the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights.  You acknowledge and agree that you and Simplot are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding.  Further, unless both you and Simplot otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding.  If this specific paragraph is held unenforceable, then the entirety of this “Dispute Resolution” section will be deemed void.  Except as provided in the preceding sentence, this “Dispute Resolution” section will survive any termination of these Terms.
Arbitration Rules and Governing Law
.  The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (the “AAA Rules”) then in effect, except as modified by this “Dispute Resolution” section.  (The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org/arb_med or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879.)  The Federal Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Section.
Arbitration Process
.  A party who desires to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a written Demand for Arbitration as specified in the AAA Rules.  (The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration at www.adr.org/si.asp?id=3477 and a separate form for California residents at www.adr.org/si.asp?id=3485.)  The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law in the state of Idaho and will be selected by the parties from the AAA’s roster of consumer dispute arbitrators.  If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within seven (7) days of delivery of the Demand for Arbitration, then the AAA will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Rules.
Arbitration Location and Procedure
.  Unless you and Simplot otherwise agree, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside.  If your claim does not exceed $10,000, then the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents you and Simplot submit to the arbitrator, unless you request a hearing or the arbitrator determines that a hearing is necessary.  If your claim exceeds $10,000, your right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules.  Subject to the AAA Rules, the arbitrator will have the discretion to direct a reasonable exchange of information by the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration.
Arbitrator’s Decision
.  The arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the AAA Rules.  The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award.  Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  The arbitrator’s award damages must be consistent with the terms of the “Limitation of Liability” section above as to the types and the amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable.  The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the claimant and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim.  If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses, to the extent provided under applicable law.  Simplot will not seek, and hereby waives all rights it may have under applicable law to recover, attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration.
Fees
.  Your responsibility to pay any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees will be solely as set forth in the AAA Rules.  However, if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000, Simplot will pay all such fees unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
Changes
.  Notwithstanding the provisions of the “Modification” section above, if Simplot changes this “Dispute Resolution” section after the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email from www.simplot.com/contact_us within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated Date” above or in the date of Simplot’s email to you notifying you of such change.  By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Simplot in accordance with the provisions of this “Dispute Resolution” section as of the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms).
General
The failure of Simplot to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that right or provision.  The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Simplot.  Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise.  If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
Contacting Simplot
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact Simplot at www.simplot.com/contact_us  or at J.R. Simplot Company, P.O. Box 27, Boise, Idaho 83707.
© 2020 J.R. Simplot Company
Contact Us
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
MySimplot
Scholarships