https://www.ideaspectrum.com/privacy-policy/
Idea Spectrum Privacy Policy
Last Revised: 1/8/19
This privacy policy applies to users of the Idea Spectrum website (collectively, our “Site”) owned by Idea Spectrum, Inc. (“Idea Spectrum” “we” or “us”). It also explains our online information practices and the choices that you, as a user of this Site, can make about the collection and use of your information.
1. What information does Idea Spectrum collect?
When you purchase products and/or subscriptions on our site, our registration process asks you to provide us with a limited amount of personal information. This information is necessary to process your order/subscription. Some examples are: name, e-mail address, and billing/shipping information (e.g., credit card number, shipping address).
2. How is the information used?
Idea Spectrum uses the information that you provide to process your orders and/or subscriptions. Idea Spectrum may also use the information to offer new products, services and updates. Your subscription information, download link, product activation codes, purchase receipts, and/or update notifications will be sent to your email address. You can easily unsubscribe from these if desired. If you supply us with your telephone number, it will only be used to contact you with information regarding your order.
3. Does Idea Spectrum share the information I’ve provided?
We will not intentionally release your personalized information to anyone other than you or our agents (such as contracted fulfillment parties, if any). With regard to agents, we may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. These functions may include website management services, fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, or processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
When purchasing Uvision 3D Landscape Creator, your personalized information will be forwarded to Hedgestone Holdings, Inc. (parent company of Unilock) who may contact you with product information and offers.
4. Protection of Idea Spectrum and Others
Idea Spectrum will disclose personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Idea Spectrum or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Idea Spectrum and its Site, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Idea Spectrum, its Site, or the public (d) may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of Idea Spectrum assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personally identifiable information could be transferred to third parties as one of the business assets of Idea Spectrum, (e) when required to enforce our Terms of Use or this Privacy and Security Policy. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
5. Do I have choices regarding how my information is used?
You can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to subscribe or make a purchase or to take advantage of such Idea Spectrum features as listed above.
This privacy policy is subject to change. It is your responsibility to review our privacy policy and Terms of Use for changes.
6. We use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies
We (and third parties that provide content, advertising, or functionality on our Site) may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to facilitate website administration and navigation, to better understand and improve our Site, to determine and improve the advertising shown to you here or elsewhere, and to provide you with a rich online experience.
“Cookies” are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. Cookies let us “remember” information about your preferences and passwords and allow you to move within our web sites without reintroducing yourself. We use cookie and web beacon technology to track which pages on our sites our visitors view and which web browsers our visitors use. Cookies allow us to record session information (such as items that customers add to their shopping carts). They record user-specific information on what pages customers access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when customers return to our site, and customize web page content on customers’ browser type or other information that the customer sends.
Cookies do not enable us to determine the identity of any visitor to our web site, except when you sign-in to your account or provide us with that information. We cannot identify you unless you specifically tell us who you are.
Most Internet browsers permit you to erase or block cookies. Refer to your browser instructions or help screens to assist you in these processes: preventing your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Please note that cookies permit you to take full advantage of Idea Spectrum features and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Web beacons and similar technologies are tiny or transparent images that, for example, allow us and third parties to count the number of users who have visited a particular web page or to access certain cookies. When you access a page containing a beacon, you establish a communication with a web server, which collects certain information about your computer or device. This information may include your IP address, browser type, operating system type, and identifiers that have been stored in cookies. We may use beacons on our sites to count the number of visitors to our sites and to recognize users by accessing unique identifiers stored in cookies that we have set on their computers or devices. Being able to access these identifiers enables us to provide a personalized experience on our Site. We may also include beacons in advertisements or in email messages to determine how these are acted on.
We (and the third parties that provide content, advertising, or functionality on our Site) may also use other kinds of local storage technologies that operate similarly to cookies, such as local shared objects (also known as “Flash cookies”) and HTML5 local storage. These technologies are similar to cookies in that they make use of storage on your device for the purpose of identifying the device across different services and sessions.
In addition, depending on the browser or device you use, we (and the third parties that provide content, advertising or functionality on our Site) may receive an identifier for your browser device that can be used for purposes similar to those for which we and others use cookies and beacons. The identifiers are not created by the services you access, but rather by the companies that make the software that runs your device or browser. For example, if you access our Site using Apple’s iOS 7 on your iPhone, we may receive a temporary device identifier called the “Identifier for Advertisers” (or “IDFA”). In your iPhone’s privacy settings, you can “reset” this identifier, which means that a different identifier will be sent the next time you visit our Site.
7. Third parties that provide content, advertising, or functionality on our Site
Some of the content, advertising, and functionality on our Site may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with us. These third-parties may collect or receive certain information about your use of the Site, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected across different websites and online services.
One of the third parties that provides services on our Site is Google Inc. Like many websites, we use Google Analytics, a service that provides information about how many users visit our Site, when they visit, and how they navigate the Site once they are here .
We also may use other Google Analytics tools, such as Demographics and Interest Reporting, which enables us to learn more about the characteristics and interests of the users who visit our Site, and Remarketing with Google Analytics, which enables us to provide relevant advertising on different websites and online services.
8. How secure is the information I provided?
Idea Spectrum is committed to securing your personal information. We use technology that is designed for use with secure web servers. Personal information resides in a database behind a firewall where it cannot be accessed without proper authorization. Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) technology encrypts your personal information as it is transmitted over the Internet.
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
9. Does Idea Spectrum collect information from children?
It is our intent not to sell to persons under the age of 18 and it is our policy not to do so. We do not sell children’s products. If you are under 18, you should not use the Site.
10. Information You Give Us and Your Consent
By visiting our Site and using the services and features that we have made available, you consent to our collection and use of information in the manner we have described for you in the “How is the information used?” section above. You also consent to the Terms of Use that we have posted on our Site.
11. Links to Other Sites
We may provide links to other sites that we believe offer our customers useful services or information. Since these other sites are not under the control of Idea Spectrum, we cannot and do not make any representation or guarantee regarding the linked sites or their content. Our providing these links does not constitute an endorsement by Idea Spectrum, and we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies or security procedures of the linked sites. Therefore, you may want to review a linked site’s privacy and security policies before entering any information.
12. Better Business Bureau Member
We are a member of the Better Business Bureau. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau.
13. Privacy Notice for EU Residents
This Section 13 governs personal information gathered from data subjects located in the EU only.
13.1 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) Information
The following information describes our commitments to you under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
The GDPR makes a distinction between organizations that process personal data for their own purposes (known as “Data Controllers”) and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations (known as “Data Processors”). For instance, if you register an account with Idea Spectrum, Idea Spectrum will be a Data Controller with respect to the information you enter during the registration process.
When We Act as Data Controller
If we process your personal information as a Data Controller, the following applies:
We collect, use, and share your personal information where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this. This may be because:
• Our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you; or
• Our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization (for example in order to make improvements to our products and services and to provide you with information you request);
• Our use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (for example, where we are required to disclose personal information to a court); or
• Our use of your personal information is in accordance with your consent.
If you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information, please contact us using the details below.
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, EU residents have certain rights in relation to their personal information:
• Right to access, correct, and delete your personal information. Please contact support@ideaspectrum.com to exercise these rights. We are not required to comply with your request to erase personal information if the processing of your personal information is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise, or deference of legal claims.
• Right to restrict the processing of your personal information. You have the right to restrict the use of your personal information. However, we can continue to use your personal information following a request for restriction (a) where we have your consent; (b) to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (c) to protect the rights of another natural or legal person.
• Right to data portability. To the extent that we process your information (i) based on your consent or under a contract; and (ii) through automated means, you have the right to receive such personal information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, or you can ask to have it transferred directly to another data controller.
• Right to object to profiling based on your personal information.
• Personal data retention. We retain your personal data for as long as necessary to provide you with our services, or for other important purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements.
We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues regarding your data protection or requests with us first before contacting the relevant supervisory authority. If you would like to exercise any of the rights described above, please send a request to support@ideaspectrum.com. In your message, please indicate the right you would like to exercise and the information that you would like to access, review, correct, or delete.
We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the requested personal information. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.
When We Act As Data Processor
Where we process your data in our capacity as a Data Processor, the processing of your data will not be governed by the foregoing provisions (“When We Act As Data Controller”), but you can contact the Data Controller directly to learn about their processing of your information and to exercise your rights, or we will forward your request directly to them at your request.
Idea Spectrum’s “privacy by design” approach requires that our default user data protection levels be at the highest setting by default. In the unlikely event of breach, Idea Spectrum will notify data subjects and Supervisory Authorities (SAs) in the EU according to procedures provided in GDPR Articles 33 and 34.
13.2 Export of EU Resident Personal Data
The following provisions govern information collected in reliance on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework Principles for transfers of personal data from the EU to the United States. Idea Spectrum complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. Idea Spectrum has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. With regard to EU data subjects, if there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/. Individuals from whom Idea Spectrum collects personal information under the Privacy Shield Framework have the right to access their personal data by contacting Idea Spectrum at support@IdeaSpectrum.com. As a result of certification to the Privacy Shield, Idea Spectrum is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC.
Lawful Requests
Idea Spectrum may be required to disclose personal information pursuant to lawful requests made by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Inquiries and Complaints
We take safeguarding your privacy very seriously. If you wish to verify, correct or delete any personal information we have collected, or if you have any questions or concerns, or if you have any complaints, please e-mail support@IdeaSpectrum.com.
Dispute Resolution
If you filed a complaint with Idea Spectrum and it has not been properly addressed, the American Arbitration Association (AAA) is designated by Idea Spectrum as the independent dispute resolution body to address complaints regarding Idea Spectrum’s collection of personal information and provide appropriate recourse. Such body will not charge the complaining party for its services. Follow this link to the complaint submission form for the above referenced independent dispute resolution body.
Binding Arbitration
If your claims as to data covered by the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield have not been remedied through dispute resolution directly with Idea Spectrum or through independent dispute resolution as described above, such “residual claims” may be heard by a “Privacy Shield Panel” composed of one or three arbitrators as agreed upon by the parties. The Privacy Shield Panel may only award individual-specific, non-monetary equitable relief (e.g. access, correction, deletion of the individual’s data in question) necessary to remedy the violation of the Principles only with respect to the individual. Damages, costs, fees and other remedies may not be awarded, and each party bears its own attorney’s fees. This arbitration option is only available for an individual to determine for such “residual claims” whether Idea Spectrum has violated its obligations under the Principles as to that individual and whether any such violation remains fully or partially unremedied.
Notice
When Idea Spectrum collects personal information from individuals, it will inform the individual of the purpose for which it collects and uses the personal information and the types of non-agent third parties to which Idea Spectrum discloses or may disclose that information. Idea Spectrum shall provide the individual with the choice and means for limiting the use and disclosure of their personal information. Notice will be provided in clear and conspicuous language when individuals are first asked to provide personal information to Idea Spectrum, or as soon as practicable thereafter, and in any event before Idea Spectrum uses or discloses personal information for a purpose other than for which it was originally collected.
In instances in which Idea Spectrum is not the controller or collector of the personal information, but only a processor, it has no means of providing individuals with the choice and means for limiting the use and disclosure of their personal information or providing notices when individuals are first asked to provide personal information to Idea Spectrum. In such instances, Idea Spectrum will comply with the instructions of the controller of such information; provide appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, and to the extent appropriate, assist the controller in responding to individuals exercising their rights under the Principles.
Choice
In those instances in which Idea Spectrum collects personal information from individuals, it will offer individuals the opportunity to choose (opt out) whether their personal information is (1) to be disclosed to a third party or (2) to be used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual.
Disclosures to Third Parties
In those instances in which Idea Spectrum collects personal information from individuals, prior to disclosing personal information to a third party, Idea Spectrum shall notify the individual of such disclosure and allow the individual the choice to opt out of such disclosure. Idea Spectrum shall ensure that any agent third party for which personal information may be disclosed subscribes to these principles or are subject to law providing the same level of privacy protection as is required by these principles and agree in writing to provide an adequate level of privacy protection. When Idea Spectrum acts as a collector and processor of information it receives from employers regarding their employees and/or contractors, or from entities that obtained such information from those employers, Idea Spectrum may obtain the name and email address of persons using devices onto which Microsoft products are installed together with machine identification numbers for such devices. In such instances, Idea Spectrum will use such information only for purposes of performing software license utilization analysis and then providing such information back to the entity that provided it to Idea Spectrum. Idea Spectrum would only disclose personal information to third parties for the above stated purposes and would remain liable under the Principles if its agents were to process such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Idea Spectrum is able to show that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage
Data Security
Idea Spectrum shall take reasonable steps to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Idea Spectrum has put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction. Idea Spectrum cannot guarantee the security of information on or transmitted via the Internet.
Data Integrity
Idea Spectrum shall only process personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it was collected or authorized by those who provided the information. To the extent necessary for those purposes, Idea Spectrum shall take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is accurate, complete, current and reliable for its intended use.
Access
In those instances in which Idea Spectrum collects personal information directly from individuals, Idea Spectrum shall allow those individuals access to their personal information and allow the individual to correct, amend or delete inaccurate information, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the privacy of the individual in the case in question or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated.
14. Will this privacy policy change?
As our business changes, we will continue to implement new technologies and improve the services and features we provide. This privacy policy and the Terms of Use will be updated to reflect these changes. The use of information that we gather now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time of use. If there are changes or additions to this privacy policy, we will post those changes here or in other formats we deem acceptable, and inform you of what information we collect online, how we use it and what choices you have.
15. Whom can I contact if I have questions or concerns?
If you choose to visit ideaspectrum.com, clientdream.com, or any of our other websites where this Notice is posted, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about this privacy policy, please contact us at support@IdeaSpectrum.com and we will try to resolve it.
16. What is your other contact information?
Idea Spectrum, Inc.
P.O. Box 7920
Bonney Lake, WA 98391
Toll free: 1-866-894-4332 (Mon-Fri 8am-4pm PST)
Outside the U.S. 253-862-2678 (Mon-Fri 8am-4pm PST)