https://www.birminghambotanicalgardens.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Members Login Coming Soon
To register for your login details, please fill out the form below and we will be in contact to provide you access. This service is for members only.
Login Register
First Name*Surname*Membership Number*Email*
* Indicates Required Field EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
If you would like to apply for membership, please visit the membership page.
Home » Privacy Policy
Website privacy policy
This website is operated by The Birmingham Botanical and Horticultural Society Ltd, a charity registered in England and Wales (Co. no. 248827). We take your privacy very seriously therefore we urge to read this policy very carefully because it contains important information on:
who we are,
how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information,
your rights in relation to your personal information, and
how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event that you have a complaint.
Who we are
The Birmingham Botanical and Horticultural Society Ltd, a charity registered in England and Wales (no. 248827) (‘we’ or ‘us’) (trading as The Birmingham Botanical Gardens) collect, use and are responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are regulated under the General Data protection Regulations which apply across the European Union (including the United Kingdom) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
The personal information we collect and use:
a) Personal information you provide to us
We collect the following personal information that you provide to us:
Members
Name
Address and postcode
Email address
Telephone numbers
Bank and/or credit card details
Date of birth
Preferences and Interests
Online Customers:
Name
Address and postcode
Email address
Telephone numbers
Bank and/or credit card details
Date of Birth
Preferences and Interests
Visitors who Gift Aid:
Name
Address and postcode
Donors:
Name
Address and postcode
Email address
Telephone numbers
All visitors to the Gardens:
CCTV
Some examples of when we collect this information include:
Registering for an account
Purchasing products, services, memberships and event tickets
Making donations
Gift Aiding
Entering Competitions
Signing up for newsletters
Entering the Garden’s carpark and premises
b) Personal information from other sources
We may receive information about you from other sources such as Social Media – if you have given us permission to do so or if you interact with us on one of our social media pages.
We will add this information to the information we hold about you for the following purposes:
To improve and personalise our service
To inform competition winners
To respond to queries or complaints
c) Personal information you provide about third parties
If you give us information about another person (for example, purchasing a membership as a gift), you confirm that the other person has appointed you to act on their behalf and agreed that you:
shall consent on their behalf to the processing of their personal data; and
shall receive any data protection notices on their behalf;
d) Monitoring and recording communications
We may monitor communications such as emails and telephone calls for the following purposes:
Quality assurance
Training
Fraud prevention
Compliance
e) Cookies and similar technologies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your computer or electronic device when you access our website. Similar technologies include web beacons, action tags, local shared objects (‘flash cookies’) and single-pixel gifs. Such technologies can be used to track users’ actions and activities, and to store information about them. We use these cookies and/or similar technologies on this website.
This information helps us to build a profile of our users. Some of this information may be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually.
In addition it should be noted that in some cases our cookies or similar technologies may be owned and controlled by third parties who will also collect personal information about you.
On the first occasion that you use our site we will ask whether you consent to our use of cookies. If you do not, cookies will not be used. Thereafter you can opt-out of using cookies at any time or you can set your browser not to accept cookies and the websites below tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, some of our website features may not function as a result.
For further information on our use of cookies, please see our Website cookie policy.
For further information on cookies generally visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
How we use your personal information
We collect information about our users for the following purposes:
Identify you and manage any accounts you hold with us
Process your orders and manage your bookings
Marketing
Analysis
Collection of Gift Aid
Security
Who your information may be shared with
We may share your information with:
Law enforcement agencies in connection with any investigation to help prevent unlawful activity
Our Marketing agency to allow them to manage your online account and send you electronic communications
Our printing supplier so they can send you printed communications
Payment providers who handle your payments to us (eg. Paypal and GoCardless)
HMRC to reclaim gift aid on your purchases
Our CCTV monitoring company to ensure security
Our Auditors, as required by law
We will not share you personal information with any other 3rd parties.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products, services, offers, competitions and our business which may be of interest to you. Such information could be sent by post, email, telephone, text message or telephone call.
We will ask whether you would like us to send you marketing messages on the first occasion that you provide any relevant contact information (i.e. on purchase, signing up to a newsletter, entering a competition etc). If you do opt in to receive such marketing from us you can opt out at any time (see ‘What rights do you have?’ below for further information). If you have any queries about how to opt out, or if you are receiving messages you do not want you can contact us using the details provided below.
Whether personal information has to be provided by you, and if so why
The provision of the following information is required from you:
Name
Contact details
Date of Birth
Bank and/or credit card details
Preferences and interests
This is to enable us to do the following:
Confirm and send your orders
Ensure prohibited items are not sold
Process payment for your orders
Send communications that are relevant to you
We will inform you at the point of collecting information from you, whether you are required to provide the information to us.
How long your personal information will be kept
The time periods for which we retain your personal data depend on the purposes for which we use it.
We keep your personal data safely for as short a time as we need it or legally have to keep it. In doing so, we:
review the length of time we keep your personal data;
consider the purposes for which we holds the personal data in deciding whether (and for how long) to retain it;
securely delete personal data that is no longer needed for those purposes; and
update, archive or securely delete personal data if it goes out of date.
If you make annual payments to us, we will safely store your payment details for annual processing of payment.
These periods are no longer than necessary in each case.
Retention periods for personal information provided in each of the scenarios below are as follows:
Complaints                                                                  –           5 Years
Visits to website and registration                               –           2 Years
Subscription to email notifications                            –           Permanently or until unsubscribed
Membership Records                                     –           2 years after cancellation or expiry
or sooner if consent is withdrawn
Membership Applications (without Gift Aid  )           –           14 Months
Accident books/records/reports                                –           5 years after last entry, indefinitely                                                                                       if there is a risk of latent injury or
disease.
Gift Aid declarations                                                   –           7 years
Donors                                                                        –           7 Years
Teacher and Pupils details                                          –           1 Year from visit date
Events ticket purchase records                                  –           7 years
Event attendees                                                          –           Until end of current calendar year
Insurance Claims                                                         –           7 years from claim
CCTV                                                                            –           15 days
Reasons we can collect and use your personal information
We rely on the following as the lawful basis on which we collect and use your personal information:
Consent
Contract
Legitimate interests
The interests relied upon are as follows:
When consent is required we will always ask for your explicit consent to processing your personal data.
When you make a purchase from us or become a member, you are entering a contract with us. We need to process and store your data in order to perform this contract.
In some situations we collect and process your personal data for purposes that are in our legitimate organisational interests, such as marketing. In doing so we consider that there is no overriding prejudice to you and that you would reasonably expect us to use your data in this way.
Keeping your information secure
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We will also use technological and organisation measures to keep your information secure.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
Indeed, while we will use all reasonable efforts to secure your personal data, in using the site you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that are transferred from you or to you via the internet. If you have any particular concerns about your information, please contact us using the details below.
Transfers of your information out of the EEA
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the EEA at any time.
Children and the validity of consent
Where we obtain consent from any user we will take reasonable steps to ascertain whether the user is over 13 years of age and whether the child is sufficiently informed to give valid consent. If the user is not, parental consent will be required to provide consent for the processing of any personal information.
What rights do you have?
Under the General Data Protection Regulation you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to:
fair processing of information and transparency over how we use your use personal information
access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Notice is already designed to address
require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold
require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations
receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations
object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing
object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you
object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information
otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
claim compensation for damages caused by our breach of any data protection laws
For further informaiton on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individual’s rights under the General Data Protection Regulations (http://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/)
If you would like to exercise any of these rights please:
email, call or write to us
let us have enough information to identify you
let us have proof of your identity (a copy of your driving license, passport or a recent credit card/utility bill)
let us know the information to which your request relates
From time to time we may also have other methods to unsubscribe (opt-out) from any direct marketing including for example, unsubscribe buttons or web links. If such are offered, please note that there may be some period after selecting to unsubscribe in which marketing may still be received while your request is being processed.
How to complain
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
Changes to the privacy policy
This privacy policy was published on 25/05/2018 and last updated on 23/09/2019.
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. You should check this policy occasionally to ensure you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you access this website. We will also attempt to notify users of any changes by:
Email
Notice on website header
Notice on news section of website
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this policy or the information we hold about you, please contact us by:
e-mail: marie@birminghambotanicalgardens.org.uk
post:
Marie Purcell – Finance Manager
Birmingham Botanical Gardens
Westbourne Road
Edgbaston
Birmingham
B15 3TR
or
telephone: 0121 454 1860 (option 6 for Finance)
Calls will be answered at the following times:
Monday to Friday 10.00 – 18.00
We may record calls for quality and training purposes.
What's on
Events to suit all interests
Find out more
Venue Hire
Your own slice of Eden
Find out more
Members
Unlimited entry to 12 gardens across the UK from £38
Find out more
schools
Plan your educational visit today
Find out more
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. You can read our Privacy Policy for more information.
Accept Cookies
Reject