https://www.berding-weil.com/privacy/
ABOUT B|W
PRACTICE AREAS
LITIGATION & ARBITRATION
Construction Defect Litigation
Soil and Landslide Claims
Product Liability
Contract and Real Property Disputes
COMMON INTEREST DEVELOPMENTS
Formation and Dissolution
Operations and Management
Meetings and Elections
Covenant Enforcement
Insurance and Liability
Directors and Officers Claims
Commercial and Industrial CIDs
CONSTRUCTION LAW
Project Support
Contract Drafting, Negotiation and Review
Disaster Claims
Insurance Coverage Claims
BUSINESS & REAL ESTATE
Contracts and Leases
Business and Corporate Law
Commercial Real Estate
Private Redevelopment
Land Use and Public Agency Regulations
Entity Formation and Dissolution
OUR PEOPLE
Chloe Apter Attorney
Scott Barton General Counsel
Andrew Baugh Principal
Tyler Berding Principal
Douglas Bickham Senior Attorney
Lisa Marie Black Senior Attorney
Sandra Bonato Partner
Emily Clark Attorney
Dena Cruz Partner
James Devereaux Partner
Aaron Ehrlich Partner
Theresa Filicia Partner
Dylan Grimes Partner
dgrimes@berdingweil.com
Fredrick Hagen Attorney
Cassie Holloway Attorney
Julia Hunting Attorney
Seema Kadaba Attorney
Sean Kane Attorney
Maria Kao Partner
Michael Kennedy Partner
Carlotta Kirby Attorney
Christopher Lewis Attorney
Scott Mackey Partner
Gregory Meisenhelder Partner
Lucas Olona Partner
Andrea O'Toole Principal
Randolph Paul Principal
Kyle Pineo Attorney
Hollyanne Raymond Attorney
hraymond@berdingweil.com
Nicholas Rogers Partner
Daniel Rottinghaus Principal
Ellen Schuster Attorney
Howard Silldorf Partner
Andrew Stevenson Attorney
Jenna Swaney Attorney
Chad Thomas Principal
Steven Weil Principal
Paul Windust Principal
Robert Young Partner
Aaron Zimmerman Partner
LIBRARY
Useful Materials
Top Articles of Interest
Featured Publications
Webinar Video Library
Disclosure Checklist
Davis-Stirling Cross Reference Chart
Residential Construction and Outside Time Limits
Splish Splash, Please Let Me In the Bath: Can We Open the Pool?
COVID-19 Emergency Rules: Why, How and What?
Is the Association liable for damages to a unit when the roof leaks?
Association Strategies When an Owner Declares Bankruptcy
Basic Training Manual For Board Members
Guide to Reconstruction Projects
Guide to Construction Defect Claims
A Guide to Transition
The Condominium Bluebook
The Common Interest Development Open Meeting Act
Decision Making Outside of a Board Meeting
The Board Meeting Agenda
The Significance of Board meeting Minutes
CONTACT US
800.838.2090
Home
About B|W
Our People
Resources
Linked In
Facebook
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
December 30, 2019
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Berding & Weil LLP and our website; https://www.berding-weil.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect;
With whom it is shared;
How it can be corrected;
How it is secured;
How policy changes will be communicated; and
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Registration
In order to use some of features of this website, a user may be required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our third party providers may use cookies on our site (e.g., analytics). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Third Party Providers
We make use of the following third party providers to analyze website traffic and provide workflow integration:
Google Analytics
Vault Rooms
Campaign Monitor
We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of any third party provider.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information, and demographic information.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Other Provisions as Required by Law
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 925.8382090 or via email at inquiry@berding-weil.com.
Practice Groups
Community Association Law
Litigation & Arbitration
Construction Law
Business & Real Estate Law
Request Our Complimentary Program and Information Package
Name*
Email*
Phone
Yes, please send me the Complimentary Program and Information Package.
Submit Your Request
Affiliations
ECHO Executive Council of Homeowners
CAI Community Associations Institute
CACM California Association of Community Managers
CAOC Consumer Attorneys of California
IREM Institute of Real Estate Management
RHA Rental Housing Association
WESTCON Western Construction Consultants Association
Connect With Us
Linked In
Facebook
WALNUT CREEK
2175 N. California Blvd., Suite 500Walnut Creek, CA 94596
(925) 838-2090
(925) 820-5592
Directions
SAN FRANCISCO
One Embarcadero Center, Suite 500San Francisco, CA 94111
(415) 315-1638
(415) 433-5994
Directions
COSTA MESA
575 Anton Blvd., Suite 1080Costa Mesa, CA 92626
(714) 429-0600
(714) 429-0699
Directions
SAN DIEGO
1660 Hotel Circle North, Suite 701San Diego, CA 92108
(858) 625-3900
(858) 625-3901
Directions
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Sign up for Berding|Weil's Community Association ALERT Newsletter, providing Legal News, Comments, and Great Ideas for Community Association Boards and Managers.
Name
Email
“I agree to be emailed.”
Subscribe
The content on this website is strictly to provide information and neither the content nor transmissions through this website are intended to provide legal or other advice or to create an attorney-client relationship.
This site uses cookies and other technologies to improve your experience of relevant content and information, and to better help us understand how our site is being used by analyzing site traffic, as well as to provide functionalities such as social sharing. By continuing to use this website, you consent to use of cookies.
For more information please see our Privacy Policy.
©. 2020 BERDING & WEIL LLP. All Rights Reserved.
Home |
Client Matter Information Login |
Disclaimer |
Privacy Policy |
Site Map |
Contact
CALL
EMAIL