http://www.goodcocktails.com/info/privacy.php
Home
Drink Recipes
Browse for Drink Recipes (No Frames)
Advanced Search
Random Mixed Drinks
Any Random Drink
My Favorite Drinks
Drink Lists
Popular Mixed Drink Recipes
Popular Martini Recipes
After Dinner Drinks
Layered Drinks
Non Alcoholic Drinks
Well Mixed Drinks
Sweet and Fruity Mixed Drinks
Holidays and Special Day Drinks
Valentine's Drink Recipes
Saint Patrick's Day Drinks
Cinco de Mayo Drinks
Patriotic and Military Drinks
Halloween Mixed Drink Recipes
Christmas Drink Recipes
Colored Mixed Drinks
Green Mixed Drinks
Blue Mixed Drinks
Red Mixed Drinks
Purple Mixed Drinks
Jello Shots
Jello Shots with Fruit
4th of July Jello Shots
Halloween Jelly Shots
Christmas Jello Shots
Liqueur Recipes
Bartender Guide
Drinking
Bar Store
Privacy Policy
Mixed Drink Recipes
Browse Mixed Drinks
Drinks (No Frames)
List of Mixed Drinks
Advanced Search
Random Drinks
My Favorite Drinks
Privacy Policy
General Information
Good Cocktails does not collect personal information about you such as name, address or phone number. The only personal information collected is your email address and it is only used to reply to questions, comments, to ask questions about a submitted drink that your provided and to register for the Good Cocktails Blog.
Good Cocktails is committed to protecting the privacy of all its visitors. We do NOT sell any information that is collected.
Submitting a Drink Recipe
You may submit your name and/or your email address. Your email address is only used to reply to you when there are some questions about your drink recipe. Good Cocktails does NOT send spam or sell its list to anyone.
Comments or Questions
In order to reply to any comments or questions, Good Cocktails needs your name and email address to reply. If you don't want a reply, you may leave the email field blank.
The Use of Cookies
Cookies (which are stored in the visitor's computer) are used to identify a user when posting comments on the blog. They are also used to keep track of your favorite drink recipes and for displaying recipes in the metric system.
Note: In order to store cookies, your browser must be enabled to accept cookies. (Most browsers by default accept cookies)
Email Addresses
Your email will only be used to reply to your question or to ask you something about your recipe. Good Cocktails will NOT sell or provide your email to anybody. Good Cocktails does not send spam email to anyone. All the emails sent by Good Cocktails are personal emails concerning a question or a drink recipe. Your email will be kept private.
Links to Other Sites
Our site may contain links to other web sites. Good Cocktails is not responsible for the privacy of the other sites. Please read their privacy policy if you plan on providing any information.
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Bar Store
Copyright © 2020 Good Cocktails