http://www.ourbroker.com/privacy/
Home
About
Ask YOUR Real Estate or Mortgage Question
Notices
Privacy
Site Map
Trademark
Privacy
Privacy Policies
Electronic privacy is a major issue. There is no doubt that every keystroke and connection on the Web can be tracked by someone, somewhere — a reality which flies against the general notion that we are each entitled to some measure of personal space. As Justice Louis Brandeis wrote, the right to be left alone is “the most comprehensive of rights and the right most valued by civilized men.”
The basic privacy policies for this site reflect a reasoned effort to balance user interests with the realities of operating an online area, and include but are not limited to the following considerations:
You are welcome to use this site with “cookies” turned off.We do not collect user information entered into calculator forms.This site includes many links. The privacy policies of linked sites may differ from our policies. Online users should ask about privacy policies for each site visited.Advertisers and others may use cookies to track usage and for other purposes. A number of sites offer opportunities for visitors to opt-out of online tracking and information capture systems. We do not know whether opt-out services are or are not universally effective. This site may use search engine, advertising, counter and other services provided by third parties. The privacy policies associated with these services may differ from ours. Generally, but not always, such services use cookies and collect information. The privacy policies of
search engine, advertising, counter and other services may differ from the privacy policies of this site.If this site receives e-mail from you, such e-mail becomes our property upon receipt and we reserve the right to retain your e-mail address for use as we wish. That said, in general we will respond to e-mail as and if appropriate or, in some cases, forward such mail to someone we judge better able to provide information and assistance. While Peter G. Miller is a licensed real estate broker, he does not seek or accept referral fees from other brokers for the mere act of forwarding e-mail.Users should review our general notices for important information concerning the use of this site.As always, we reserve the right to change these policies at any time and without notice.
Have Keyboard, Will Write Peter G. Miller is a nationally-syndicated columnist who appears in dozens of newspapers. A long-time Washington correspondent with experience at the White House and on Capitol Hill, Mr. Miller is the author of seven books published originally by Harper & Row, one with a co-author.
Mr. Miller provides content for online sites and print outlets. He also gives speeches, writes corporate materials, serves as a ghost writer, and authors congressional testimony. His clients have included leading publications, associations, and corporations.
Mr. Miller holds a Bachelor’s degree in journalism, a Master’s degree in public relations and a Graduate Certificate in Government Public Information, all from the American University in Washington, DC.
Mr. Miller has been featured on such outlets as Oprah!, The Today Show, CNN, National Public Radio, and CBS This Morning. He has appeared in large numbers of TV, newspaper, radio, and magazine interviews.
If you need a writer with serious credentials and experience, if you have a communication concern, we should talk. Please go to the contact page and send a note to get the process started.
Search This Site
© 2020 Peter G. Miller. All Rights Reserved.  •  Site Admin