https://www.raisingmultiples.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyRaising Multiples2019-09-23T18:24:56-04:00
Updated June, 2015
Raising Multiples demonstrates its commitment to our visitors’ and donors’ privacy by providing this statement. We will do everything in our power to ensure your right to privacy. We are committed to developing long lasting relationships that are built on trust. Raising Multiples will never violate that trust.
1. Site Content
This site was prepared as a service to the multiples community. Raising Multiples makes no warranty, expressed or implied, nor assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information or product. Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by Raising Multiples. The Raising Multiples website contains links to other sites. Raising Multiples is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Use of Cookies – Raising Multiples uses first-party cookies to store the preferences of users (such as remembering a forum login), only if they so choose. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on a user’s browser strictly for the purpose of making ads more relevant to Raising Multiples website visitors.
Website Advertising – The Raising Multiples website does include some advertising from third party organizations. Advertisements on the Raising Multiples website must comply with Raising Multiples’ advertising policy, and all third-party ads are identified on the site by the terms: advertisement; sponsor; or affiliate program.
Legal Requirements Jurisdiction – Information on the Raising Multiples website is designed to honor, and when possible exceed, the legal requirements for protecting medical/health information privacy as governed by laws of the United States of America.
2. Information Collected
To make a donation, participate on our Forum, request materials or products, or submit research surveys, visitors may be asked to provide contact information (such as your name, address, phone # and email address), unique identifiers (like a username and password), demographic information (like your state, zip code, household income, or family size), family information (like the names of children or spouses, and their dates of birth), as well as relevant medical information.
Providing medical information is helpful for Raising Multiples so that we can provide families the proper support, but providing this information is optional. Users may omit personal and medical information; however some information such as a name, address, and email address may be required so that Raising Multiples can contact you with questions, verify your eligibility for participating, and send you the information/items you request.
In addition, Raising Multiples uses software programs that collect aggregate data on website visitors to provide Raising Multiples with information about the number and nature of website hits, the country of origin of visitors, sites linking to Raising Multiples, and search engine activity. Raising Multiples also uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our site.
If you make a donation to Raising Multiples, we will need to collect certain financial information, such as your credit card number, credit card expiration date, and billing address (“Financial Information”). Financial Information that is collected is used strictly to complete purchase transactions. Raising Multiples does not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise share financial information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete a transaction.
Currently we are using Google Analytics to analyze the audience of the website and improve our content. No personal information is collected from Google Analytics. For further information on the privacy policy concerning Google  Analytics, please go here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
3. Our Use of Your Information
Raising Multiples stores personal data submitted directly from website visitors, donors, professionals, survey respondents, and others in a database accessible only to the Raising Multiples staff and key board members who require access to complete their job responsibilities. Raising Multiples does not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise share personally identifying information from this database with any third-party organizations without explicit permission from that person to do so.
Raising Multiples uses aggregate statistics information from this database and several research databases in order to:
improve the services and information offered to families
produce public relations materials
make valuable information about higher-order multiples available to the general public
provide generalized demographic information to medical and educational professionals, advertisers and potential advertisers, and families of multiple births
These statistics never contain identifying information about individuals.
Statistics collected by our website metrics tracking program do not identify individuals and are only used to track the level of traffic on the Raising Multiples website and improve the content and navigation of the site. We may, however, use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, or in some circumstances, help protect ourselves from fraud.
Advertisers may use information collected by third-party cookies about your visits to this and other web sites (which will not include your name, address, email address, or telephone number) only to provide relevant advertising on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. No personally identifying information is ever collected by third parties unless provided directly by you on the advertiser’s website.
4. Our Disclosure of Your Information
We never share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described in this Privacy Policy without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. Raising Multiples will never willfully sell, lease, or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party.
Raising Multiples cannot ensure that all of your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may be required to disclose personally identifiable information to the government or by court order under certain circumstances. In addition, you authorize us to disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.
5. Security
In order to maximize protection of your information, the Raising Multiples Site Manager uses security technology to protect your data from use, misuse, or alteration by unauthorized third parties. Currently, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to protect your data and secure your transactions. SSL encrypts your credit card number and identifying information as it is transmitted over the Internet. Of course, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure, and Raising Multiples does not warrant that your information will be absolutely secure.
6. Your Use of Our Information
All information, editorial content, photos, and graphics on this site are protected by U.S. copyright and international treaties and may not be copied or distributed without the express permission of Raising Multiples, which reserves all rights. For detailed information regarding the use of information on the Raising Multiples website, see our Website Terms of Use policy.
7. Contact Information
Raising Multiples
P.O. Box 306
East Islip, NY 11730-0306
(631) 859-1110
info@RaisingMultiples.org
www.RaisingMulitples.org
EXPECTING MULTIPLES A Comprehensive Guide for Expectant Parents of Twins, Triplets, Quadruplets, Quintuplets, Sextuplets, & More
Table of Contents
Order on iTunes
Order on Barnes & Noble
Order on LuLu- print/ digital
Order on Amazon.com
Go to Top