http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/privacy
Money Home
Business
Saving & banking
Investing
Bills
Cars
Holidays
Cards & loans
Pensions
Mortgages
Experts
Buy-to-let
My Profile
Logout
Login
How we can help
Contact us
Friday, Dec 11th 2020
12AM
60°F
3AM
62°F
5-Day Forecast
show ad
Hot property! Airbnb shares DOUBLE on long-awaited market debut... as holiday lettings website's meteoric rise fuels fears of new tech bubble
Mind the UK output gap: GDP gives some idea how UK PLC is doing, but doesn't deserve the totemic status it has acquired, says ALEX BRUMMER
US goes to war with Facebook: Blockbuster lawsuit could break up social media giant
Mounting concern among estate agents that property market could stall in the new year as queries from home buyers wane
Government urged to impose 'wealth tax' on millionaire households rather than hike income tax for the masses as economic turmoil mounts
Stop the generic scam warnings: Banks told to do more to help customers stay safe with majority of money lost to fraudsters not refunded
Are investment charges eating into your Child Trust Fund? Majority of 18 year-olds haven't accessed their cash and could be facing 1.5% annual fees
My mortgage deal is about to end and I need to remortgage: I've done my flat up since buying - will this affect what I can borrow?
MARKET REPORT: Petrol forecourt retailer Applegreen soars after owners plot move to take the group private for around 523p per share
Advisers set for £835m fees windfall from London Stock Exchange and data provider Refinitiv mega-merger
Mike Ashley ready to pounce on Topshop AND Debenhams: Sports Direct billionaire in talks to mount a parallel rescue
Tui swings to £2.7bn annual loss and warns holiday bookings won't return to pre-crisis levels until 2022
McLaren in talks to raise £500m in a deal that could see supercar maker finally go public
Investors in the money as watchdog lifts bank dividends ban after lenders post better-than-expected profits
Bentley Blower is back! British marque completes reborn 1920s legendary racer ahead of a limited run of 12 customer cars that each cost £1.8MILLION
'I've paid £7k for 3 textbooks': Online college promises to teach students a trade but is leaving hundreds out of pocket with no qualifications
Would you rent a used smartphone? Music Magpie offers customers refurbished devices from £8.99 a month to help stop the rise of e-waste
GRACE ON THE CASE: I re-booked our Cuba trip with Tui after 40% uplift promise - but it says I was too early and now face cancelling or paying £1,100 difference
More chaos at Currys PC World: Some customers see Black Friday orders cancelled - but tech retail giant says it will honour promotional prices
Revealed: Britain's property hotspots that have seen the biggest increase in value in 2020 after study showed the average house price has increased by £15,000 since June
Unlock the market's best return on savings: Get Chip's 1.25% easy access rate with This is Money's exclusive code
Snap up a regular savings account paying up to 3% for any leftover cash to beat pathetic current account rates
Send loved ones a Christmas present to spend: Our top tips on how to give cash smartly and safely
New generation of banks 'are best for customer service': Big banks that deserted High Street to swell profits are slammed by consumer group
Previous
Next
ASSOCIATED NEWSPAPERS LIMITEDPrivacy & Cookies Policy (the 'Policy')  Last Updated: 23 September 2020Previous version(s): 10 December 2019
You can control online behavioural advertising cookies on this website via your Cookie
Settings. Further details on this can be found under "Managing Cookies" in Section 11
below.
1. What this Policy is for? This Policy explains how we protect and handle any personal information you provide to us, including via our websites, our apps, our social media pages/accounts, email, telephone and in person. It also covers any personal information we receive from third parties and provides you with an overview of your rights.   By using our products and services, including browsing our websites, registering, logging in or signing up for marketing, you agree that we may use your personal information as outlined in this Policy. There may be occasions when we share responsibility for the processing and protection of your personal data in connection with your use of our products and services as joint controllers with our partners (please see section 2 Who we are) for additional information. In such instances our partners will process your personal data in accordance with their privacy notices.2. Who we aredmg media is an international multichannel media company which is home to some of the UK's most popular brands, including the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday, MailOnline, Metro, This Is Money, You Magazine, MyMail, MailPlus, MailShop, MailWineClub, MailTravel, MailFinance, MailExperiencesThese brands are all trading styles of Associated Newspapers Ltd., which is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of data protection law.These brands also share infrastructure, systems and technology and all fall under the data control of Associated Newspapers Ltd. These brands work together to understand how our users interact with our products and services, and to share insights to improve our products and services.If you are a MyMail member and have linked your account with your Nectar Account, Associated Newspapers Ltd. and Nectar Loyalty Ltd. ('Nectar') will each be data controllers of your personal data. Associated Newspapers Ltd will handle your personal data in accordance with this Policy and Nectar will handle your data in accordance with Nectar's Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. If you engage with certain online bargains, discounts, last-minute vouchers and/or similar promotional offers (“Offers”) made available on our websites, or make use of the DailyMail Extras extension for desktop web browsers (“Extension”), we will process your data as joint controllers with Global Savings Group Ltd (“GSG”) and its affiliate CupoNation GmbH, who assist GSG as a marketing partner. GSG will handle your data in accordance with its Privacy Policy and CupoNation GmbH will handle your data in accordance with its Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.  3.  What kinds of information do we collect:We collect the following information:Information you've provided to us: We collect information such as your name, telephone number, address, and email address when you create and log into an online account, subscribe to one of our titles, sign up for our marketing communications, respond to one of our competitions/promotions or Offers, order or register your interest in one of our products, use the Extension or post a comment under an article.This information may be collected via your computer browser, an online web form, a data capture form, an app, by email, by telephone, or by post.When you visit our website or app, we shall create a unique identifier (“UID”) that allows us to recognise you when you use our website or apps, including if you log in from a different device or platform. Information from your device:We collect information from and about the device you are using when you interact with one of our websites, apps or other products/services, including adverts. This may include:Device Type: Information about your operating system, hardware, software, browser type in order to tailor the experience to your device (e.g. screen resolution).Device Operations: Information about your operations and behaviours performed on your device to tailor the experience based on how you or similar users have interacted with our content.Unique identifiers: Device IDs and Advertiser IDs in order to save your preferences against an identifier to refer to on subsequent pages and to display advertising.Device Settings: Information from your device's setting (such as access to your GPS location or other information related to the location of your device) so that we know which version of the website to serve you;Network/connections: Your IP address, so that we can recognise if you have visited us before, allow your device to communicate with our websites and apps, and determine your geographical location.Cookies: Data from cookies or similar technologies placed on your device which tells us about your use of our websites and/or selected third party websites. Some cookies are also placed by third parties. Please see Section 12 on Cookies and other identifiers below for more information about our use of cookies and other similar technologies.Information collected by the Extension.Unique identifiers: A unique installation ID or similar identifier is also processed to recognise the Extension you have installed.Access Data: With regard to each of your visits to our websites and the urls and domains you visit while Extension is installed, GSG’s web-servers record technical information which your browser automatically transmits. This includes the IP address used to connect your computer or mobile device to the internet (including in truncated form), the browser type and version you use, the operating system, date and time of your access, whether Java is on or off, whether cookies are accepted or rejected.Usage Data: GSG collects further information about your visit to our websites and your usage of its services and content and the Urls and domains you visit while Extension is installed. That information includes the full Url clickstream to, through and from the Extension (including date and time), visited sub-pages, information you searched for, response times, length of visits to certain pages, email openings and which banners or links on the website or in an email were clicked on, browsing activity (such as scroll positions, clicks and mouse movements), search queries, the Url of the website you visited immediately beforehand. GSG uses such data for a variety of purposes (e.g. to better understand your needs and preferences so that GSG can improve the Extension, its other services and their functions and to provide you with more relevant and interest-based contents.Device Data: In case of Extension, screen size, time zone setting, and geographical identifiers.For more information on how GSG processes your information and how to exercise your rights, please visit GSG’s Privacy Policy. • Posting comments on articlesWhen you comment on an article, the information you post and your username are publicly accessible. This information can be viewed and collected by other people. We strongly suggest you avoid sharing any personal details, and especially information that can be used to identify you directly such as your name, age, address and name of employer in your comments. We are not responsible for the privacy of the information you make publicly accessible via the comments section. Please see our Terms and House Rules for more information. • Information about transactions madeIf you purchase anything or make any other financial transactions on any of our properties (e.g. on MailShop), we collect information about your purchase and ask for information including your name, e-mail address and delivery address to be forwarded on to the vendors who are responsible for delivering your order. This does not include payment information, such as your credit/debit card number. • Information from partnersWhere you have registered or created an account with one of our websites, we may obtain information about you from other companies who have obtained your permission (through their own privacy policies) to share information about you.We may overlay demographic and lifestyle data from CACI to help us understand what you might be interested in for insight and marketing purposes (also known as 'profiling'). CACI data are built using a variety of sources, including publicly available data (such as the electoral register and UK Census records) or from surveys and polls where you have given permission for your data to be shared. For more information on these partners and how you can opt-out of having your data shared with us from these sources for profiling purposes, please see the section entitled 'Marketing Personalisation' in Section 4 below. • Social media:If you log-in to our websites through a social media site, such as Facebook, Twitter or Google, you are granting permission to such company to share your user information with us. This will include your name and email address plus any other information you have permitted them to share with third parties. If you remove our website from your Facebook, Twitter or Google account, we will no longer have access to this information.We use plugins from social media networks and other platforms on our websites, that may allow you to share content with these networks/platforms or use their services on our websites. For more information, please see Section 3 of this Policy. • Browser pop-up notificationsWhen you consent to receiving pop-up browser notifications from one of our websites, we collect the following information: - the url of the page you were on when you were subscribed;  - your country code; - your device type; - your browser name and version; - whether the notification was shown to you; and - the topics of the notification you have clicked on or interacted with.  4. Legal Bases for processing your dataContract: We process some of your data as a necessary part of performing our contractual obligations to you. For example, ensuring products you buy can be delivered to you, to provide you with access to your digital subscription or to provide a prize to which you have won.Consent: Some processing activities will only be done where we have sought your prior consent. If we require your consent, we will provide you with full details of the information that we would like and the reason we need it. Once given, you have the right to withdraw your consent again at any point and we will be obliged to stop processing your data and delete it unless we can demonstrate that another legal basis applies. Legal Obligation: There may be situations where we need to use your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations or defend claims. This includes publishing information about competition winners.Legitimate Interest: We process some of your data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so. Where this is the case, we have considered the impact that using your information may have on you and limited our use to only what is strictly necessary. Where we are using this as our basis, we can provide you with an explanation of why the processing is in our interests and you are free to contest this decision if you wish. Examples of our legitimate interests processing activities include:supporting a free press and individual and societal rights to receive information;developing, delivering and maintaining relevant and engaging products services and advertising; and understanding who our audiences are in order to better serve them.  5. How we may use your information JournalismWe use personal information for journalistic activities to support a free press and to support individual and societal rights to receive information.Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate Interest Message boards, blogs and other public forums Our websites may provide message boards, blogs and other user generated content facilities. Anything that you share will become public information. You should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal information. Please see our  Terms and House Rules for more information.  Comment ModerationWe monitor comments for offensive/objectionable content and disruptive behaviour that breach our Terms. Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate InterestMetro.co.uk’s use of Spot.Im’s comment product and moderation servicesMetro.co.uk uses a commenting platform and moderation service provided by OpenWeb In order to post a comment on Metro.co.uk, you have to create an account with OpenWeb. OpenWebwill share your registration details back with us and we are the data controller of any comments you submit which we shall process in accordance with our legitimate interests and as necessary to provide you with our services in accordance with our Terms and House Rules. OpenWeb also collects pseudonymous information via cookies in order to provide advertising services where you have consented to such data processing activities via your Cookie Settings.
OpenWeb will process your data in accordance with its Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Legal basis for these processing activities: Consent, Contract, Legitimate Interest Delivering servicesBy using our websites, apps and other products and services, we may process your information, including your name, phone number and email address, for the purpose of providing you with such products and services and managing our relationship with you, which shall include (without limitation):- carrying out ecommerce activities;- communicating with you in relation to your account or service, service updates or other non-marketing communications;- delivering customer services and support;- contacting you where a checkout journey is not completed if you have provided your information;- dealing with, and responding to you about a comment you have submitted on our message boards or other such user generated content facilities;- ensuring the integrity of votes, competitions and polls;- maintaining records of our communications with you if you get in contact with us; and- responding to press complaints submitted both direct to us and via the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO). Legal basis for these processing activities: Consent, Legitimate Interest, Contract- running competitions effectively and informing you if you have been successful in any competitions or promotions;Legal basis for this processing activity: Contract/Legal ObligationWe may also record phone calls or customer enquiries via online chat for quality, training and management purposes. Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interest/Contract  • Direct marketing and browser push notificationsIn accordance with your preferences and data protection legislation, we may use your information, including your name, email address, and phone number,to send you direct marketing communications and to carry out marketing analysis.This may include communications by email, post, telephone, SMS or app notifications about our products and services, events and special offers. This also includes browser push notifications where you have consented to receiving these. We may also send you periodic newsletters to inform you about the any changes to our products and services where we have permission to do so.  In relation to email marketing communications, we may send you such communications when we have your consent, or when you are an existing customer who has previously bought or subscribed to a similar product or service from us. You may opt out of email marketing communications when your personal information is first collected. You may also unsubscribe from receiving email marketing at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email. If you unsubscribe from email marketing, we shall keep your email address to ensure that we do not send you any marketing in future. Legal basis for processing this data: Consent/Legitimate Interest  Personalisation/identifying your interests/audience segmentation/ ecommerce activities We use your information, including your UID, to provide you with a greater personalised experience when you visit or use one of our sites or apps, and for insight and marketing purposes.We make assumptions and draw inferences about your interests based on the kind of articles and content you click on or read.We may also use demographic information (such as your age, gender and city) to tailor the advertising we arrange to be shown.We use this information to segment our audiences into groups with attributes. This helps us show you more relevant content/adverts and helps are advertisers target more effectively.Please note you have the right to object to profiling for marketing purposes at any time. If you wish to opt-out of having your personal information profiled for personalisation purposes, you can adjust your account settings or contact us directly. Please see section 8 (Your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation) for additional information.Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent/Legitimate Interest  • Cookie Matching / UID Matching Where you have given consent, we check to see if you have a cookie ID or UID when you visit one of our properties. We are then able to compare the cookie ID or UID we have to see if we know who you are. See Section 12 on Cookies for more information. Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent  • Data matching and lookalike audience buildingWe allow partners to reach audiences on our platforms via data matching where they have appropriate permissions. We use your UID to carry out such data matching. This is conducted at an aggregate level or an individual level, depending on how targeted our partners want to reach audiences on our platforms. The data overlap between our audiences and the client is useful to understand if an advertising campaign would be effective.As part of the matching process, we segment audiences based on predefined attributes. These audiences may be similar to our partners’ existing audiences and are therefore called “lookalike audiences”. For example, a female fashion brand may want to reach “women interested in fashion”. This helps them find the right audiences and we are able to show you more relevant advertising. Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent/Legitimate Interest • Tailored advertising  We use advertising to fund some of our websites and apps. Some advertising is 'contextual' meaning it is shown due to the particular webpage you are presently viewing. Other advertising, known as “online behavioural advertising” is shown to you based upon your likely interests, which are inferred from your browsing history. This information is collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies or your UID. For more information on controlling your tailored advertising preferences, please see Section 12 on Cookies below.Sometimes we allow advertisers to show advertisements directly on our website and apps, which are tailored to you based upon information they have obtained, such as your browsing history on their own websites.Other times we shall arrange for our customers to be shown advertisements on our own or other websites or apps. These advertisements are tailored to you with information we have obtained from your browsing on our websites and apps via cookies.Where we arrange for our customers to be shown advertisements, we use technological and contractual mechanisms to protect your cookie data and to ensure that your browsing data used for advertising is not used by advertisers or other website owners for other purposes, such as linking online behavioural advertising data with your contact details, unless you have provided the advertiser or other website with your express permission to do this.When you are shown an advertisement, our advertising systems do not know who you are or your contact details (such as your name, email address or postal address).Demographic information from your registration on our websites and apps (such as your age, gender and city) may also be used, in connection with our legitimate interests to tailor the advertising we arrange to be shown. Your demographic information is not shared with advertisers.We may also target advertising on social media sites to specifically include customers who have registered for our products and services. Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent, legitimate interests  • Location based services and advertisingWhere we provide services that utilise your device's location, such as local weather or news, your location will be determined either from a lookup of your IP address in a 'GeoIP' database which lists information provided by your ISP (usually your closest town or borough).Sometimes we can collect the precise location directly from the device (such as through GPS or Wi-Fi on mobile devices) but only where you have granted permission for us to access this location information via your device settings. We use such information to provide you with a more tailored, relevant experiences when using our websites/apps.Where you have granted permission to access your device's location and consented to us to use your data for advertising purposes, this location information may be used to tailor the advertising you receive, including showing you certain advertisements when you are in the vicinity of a particular location.Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent • Measurement and analytics We may use certain information (such as the websites that you visit and advertisements you see or click on) to help us, advertisers and other promotional partners measure the effectiveness and distributions of their advertisements and promotions.Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interests/Consent • Ad Blocker Detection We collect information from your device to detect whether you’re using an ad blocker. This is to determine if we are able to show you advertising. As an advertising funded publisher, we rely on the ability to show you advertising.Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interests • Surveys and Market Research We collect information via our online research community for our readers help us better understand our readers and how they engage with the advertising they are shown. We collect this information when you voluntarily contribute to any of surveys, polls or forum discussions we invite you to participate in. We will also use your responses to our surveys, polls or forum discussions to send you targeted advertising, where we have your permission to do so. For more information, please see our separate ‘Matters Community’ Privacy Policy.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent/Legitimate Interest • Improving our services and products We may use your information to monitor and improve our products, content and services. This may include (without limitation):- developing the design and style of our products and services to make improvements;- carrying out statistical, technical and logistical analysis to inform our strategic development; and- blocking disruptive use and ensuring the security of our products and services.If you have registered on our websites or apps, we may analyse the information we hold on you in aggregate with our other customers to improve our advertising systems.Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interest  • Disclosures permitted or required by lawYour data will be disclosed where we are obliged to do so by law. We may also disclose your information in order to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of others and for the prevention and detection of crime.Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate Interest / Legal obligation • Regulatory compliance We may share your personal data with the Audit Bureau of Circulations Ltd so they can verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards. You can view their privacy policy by following this link.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest 6. How we may share your informationSharing with third-party partnersPartners: When you purchase goods or services from us, we partner with specialist companies to fulfil your order and provide certain customer services. This includes vendors on MailShop who you may have bought something from and specialist companies who assist us in obtaining ratings and reviews of product(s) and/or service(s), namely, YouGarden, Clifford James Consultants Limited, KH Direct Ltd, and Aspire Furniture Ltd.We usually remain the data controller of your information and the other companies only process data under our instructions and cannot use the information for their own purposes. If one of our third-party partners acts as data controller of your personal data (whether or not as a data controller in common with us) we shall let you know before you register for the service.  You can access the privacy policy of YouGarden here, Clifford James Consultants Limited here, KH Direct Ltd here, and Aspire Furniture Ltd here.Legal basis for processing this data: Contract Service Providers: We may pass your information to our processors – companies that we use to provide services on our behalf, for example for delivery services and prize fulfilment companies. These processors can only use your information in accordance with our instructions and for no other purpose.Legal basis for processing this data: Contract, Consent, Legitimate Interest Promotions: Sometimes we bring you promotions in association with other companies. If you enter such promotions, the other company will use the information you submit and we provide to them as a data controller in line with their own privacy policies. We'll let you know the precise arrangement at the time you provide your personal information.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent, Legitimate Interest Cobranded Products / affiliate marketing: We regularly partner with industry affiliates to bring you special deals on products and packages you may find of interest. These include travel providers on MailTravel and financial service providers on MailFinance or This Is Money. These providers collect marketing permissions for us and share data back with us about your purchases in order for us to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.If you decide to book a holiday with an affiliate, use their advisory services or set up an account, or purchase a financial product, these affiliates will be data controllers of the information you have provided them in order to administer your relationship with them and will handle your information in accordance with their own privacy policies.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest Functionality: We may share information about you with suppliers that we engage to help us provide our services and/or functionality of our websites and apps. For example, we share data with Google to prevent certain website functions from being abused. Where this happens your data will be processed in accordance with Google's Privacy Policy.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent, Contract, Legitimate Interests Advertisers: We may provide third party advertisers with reports containing aggregate statistical data about our customers' use of our websites and apps to determine the kinds of people viewing their ads and how they are performing. This aggregated information may include demographic data such as age range and/or geographic location of groups of our customers.This aggregated data does not include contact details (such as names, addresses or email addresses) that can be used to personally identify you or contact you. Legal basis for processing this data: Consent  Online Behavioural Advertising partners:  Third parties collect and use information obtained during your browsing activities in order to deliver tailored advertisements to you. These parties listed in our Cookies Settings tool where we provide you with their details and the ability to opt out of their use. We have no control over the use of your information by these third parties once it has been collected from our sites.We also use third-party partners to help us understand how you use our websites and apps in order to delivered tailored content to you. We shall provide them with your UID, based on a hashed version of your email address so that they can do this. For more information on these partners and their services, and to withdraw your consent for their cookies or to otherwise opt out of their services directly, please visit them at LiveRamp.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent, legitimate interests Marketing personalisation: We may match your data with data held by CACI, to add extra lifestyle and demographic insight information to your account with us which we then use to make our marketing more relevant to you (subject to your communication preferences and our internal policies and procedures). We can only obtain this information where they have your permission to share this information with us in line with their privacy policies. You can opt-out of having your personal information profiled in this way by contacting us, or our joint controllers, or adjusting your account settings. For more information about these activities and the data provided, and to opt out of their programmes directly, please visit them at CACI.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent, Legitimate Interest Facebook insights data: Facebook Ireland Ltd (“Facebook”) provides us with statistics and insights (“Page Insights”) that help us understand the use of our Facebook Fan Pages (e.g. Daily Mail, Daily Mail Celebrities, Daily Mail Australia, Daily Mail Sport, Daily Mail Animals, Daily Mail Videos, etc.). When you visit or interact with one of our Facebook Fan Pages, we will process your personal data as joint controllers with Facebook.Facebook is primarily responsible for the data processing when you visit one of our Fan Pages. However, we use Page Insights and information you provide via your Facebook profile to define our audiences, customise advertisements and create Fan Pages to match the interests of our visitors.For further information from Facebook about:· Page Insights and how to exercise your rights, please see here;· the determination of the responsibilities within this joint controller relationship please see here;· the placement of cookies by Facebook when visiting a Facebook Fan Page, please see here; and· protecting your privacy at Facebook, please see here.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate InterestDanAds self-service advertising platform: DanAds International AB (“DanAds”) provides us with an online self-service real time advertising application platform which allows advertisers to buy ad spaces from us through an automated process. This service enables advertisers to carry out audience targeting, and interactive performance reporting of the ad campaigns.For further information, please visit them at DanAds.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent Social Media Plugins: Some of our websites use social media plugins to help you share content more easily with your friends.
Social Media Plugin  Privacy policy
Facebook Share Button Facebook Messenger Share Button Facebook Like Button
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php Twitter Share ButtonTwitter Follow Button https://twitter.com/en/privacy Pinterest Share ButtonPinterest Follow Button https://policy.pinterest.com/en-gb/privacy-policy Flipboard Share ButtonFlipboard Follow Button https://about.flipboard.com/privacy/ Instagram Follow Button https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875 Snapchat Follow Button https://www.snap.com/en-GB/privacy/privacy-policy  If you do not click on the respective buttons, no personal data will be collected and stored by the social media company.If you are logged onto to your Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Flipboard, Instagram or Snapchat account, certain user data (including your IP address at the time) may be collected and linked to your social media account information by the respective social media company.We receive no personal data from the social media companies about which articles you have clicked or seen on our websites. However, we do receive summarised, aggregated statistical reports on the use of these plugins.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest DMGT Group: Associated Newspapers Ltd. is part of the Daily Mail and General Trust plc Group ('DMGT'). Members of DMGT may, use and share, within that group, the information you provide and other information held about you for the purposes set out in this Policy. For more information about the DMGT group please see the DMGT website and the DMGT Privacy Policy.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest Change of Control: We may transfer, sell or assign any of the information described in this Policy to third parties as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change of control, transfer of assets or reorganisation of our business.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest  7. Details of transfers to third countries and safeguards   Any organisation who has access to your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by contractual restrictions and/or technical limitations to make sure they protect your information and comply with applicable data protection legislation.  Where these organisations are based outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) in a jurisdiction that has not been deemed adequate by the EU Commission, we shall if appropriate enter into EU Commission approved model clauses with these organisations to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place. 8.    Your rights under the General Data Protection RegulationIn certain circumstances, for example if you are a UK or EEA resident, you may exercise the rights available to you (with some exceptions and restrictions) under data protection laws as follows: Access: If you wish to exercise your right to access a free copy of your data, you can contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below at Section 14. Portability: If you wish to receive personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or transmit this data directly to another controller, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below. Please note that this right applies only to the information that is processed by automated means, on the basis of consent or performance of a contract.Deletion: To ask us to delete your personal data, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below. However, there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain certain data.Rectification: If you wish to update or rectify your data, you can do this directly by accessing your account settings.Restriction: To request the restriction or suppression of your personal data, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below.Revoke consent for direct marketing: If you wish to object to the processing of your data for direct marketing, you can opt-out by updating your settings or clicking on the 'unsubscribe' link in any marketing email or newsletter you receive from us. Opt-out of online behavioural advertising: You are able to control whether we and our partners may use your information for online behavioural advertising related purposes when you visit our websites via our Consent Management Platform that appears when you first visit our sites, or by going to the Cookie Settings.Objection to automated profiling: If you wish to opt-out of having your personal information profiled for personalisation purposes you can adjusting your account settings or contact us directly.Objection to legitimate interests: If you wish to object to our processing of your data where we are pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below stating the nature of and reasons for such objection. Complain: You also have the right to lodge a complaint about us with our supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner's Office in the UK.    Exercising Your Rights  To exercise your rights under the GDPR, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below in Section 14, indicating the type of right you would like to exercise and that you are making the request under the GDPR. In case of requests for deletion, please note there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain certain data (see Section 10 on Data and Account Deletion).Alternatively, you can make your request through the technical support option on our Contact Us page.We may seek to verify the identity of the person submitting the request.Where you are making a request via a third party, we need to be satisfied that the third party making the request is entitled to act on your behalf and may ask the third party to provide evidence of this entitlement. If we are satisfied that the third party has the appropriate authority, we will respond directly to that third party. 9. Your rights under the Californian Consumer Privacy Act (for California residents only)This section of the Policy applies solely to visitors, users, and others who are residents of the State of California, describes your California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) rights and explains how you can exercise those rights.   Under the CCPA you have the right to:• be informed about the categories and the specific personal information that we may collect, the purposes for collecting that personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose that personal information and whether we disclose personal information for business purposes or for commercial purposes that would be considered a “sale” under the CCPA.This information is provided in this Policy;• request to access a copy  of the personal information we have collected about youduring the 12 months preceding the request.Upon receipt of a valid and verifiable request from you, we will disclose to you both the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information, the categories of third parties which whom we share that information. You have a right to receive the above twice per year. If we provide the information electronically, it will be in a in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance from us. • request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from you unless retention of that information is permitted under applicable law• opt-out of the sale of your personal information  You can opt-out of the sale of your personal information by opening our California Privacy Settings tool and clicking on the “Do Not Sell my Info” button. This will opt-you out of cookie placement and the collection of your data by online advertising service providers.
Exercising Your Rights To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below in Section 14, indicating the type of right you would like to exercise and that you are making the request under the CCPA. In case of requests for deletion, please note there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain certain data (see Section 10 on Data and Account Deletion).Alternatively, you can make your request through the technical support option on our Contact Us page.In order to process your deletion and/or access request, we are required by law to collect certain information about you to verify your identity. For example, if you have an account with us, you can use your account information to verify. If, however, we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request additional information from you, which shall only be used for the purposes of verifying your identity under the CCPA, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.A consumer may use an authorised agent to submit a request on their behalf if the consumer provides the authorised agent written permission signed by the consumer. We may also require that the consumer verify their identity directly with us and confirm that they have provided the authorised agent permission to act on their behalf.We shall not discriminate against you because you have exercised your rights under the CCPA. Explicit Notice We and our advertising partners collect personal information (such as the cookies stored on your browser, the advertising identifier on your mobile device, or the IP address of your device) when you visit our site or use our app. We, and our partners, use this information to tailor and deliver ads to you on our site or app, or to help tailor ads to you when you visit others' sites or use others' apps. To tailor ads that may be more relevant to you, we and/or our partners may share the information we collect with third parties. If you do not wish for us or our partners to use and disclose your personal information to third parties in this manner, which is considered a “sale” under the CCPA select the applicable control from the “Do Not Sell My Info” link provided.Please note that although we shall not sell your personal information after you click that button, we shall continue to share some personal information with our partners (who will function as our service providers in such instance) to help us perform advertising-related business functions such as, but not limited to:- measuring the effectiveness of our ads; - managing how many times you may see an ad;- reporting on the performance of our ads;- ensuring services are working correctly and securely;- providing aggregate statistics and analytics;- improving when and where you may see ads; and/or- reducing ad fraud. If you access this site or app from other devices or browsers, visit the link below from those devices or browsers to ensure your choice applies to the data collected when you use those devices or browsers. If you use different browsers, devices or platforms, you will need to opt out on each browser, device or platform.Additionally, although clicking the “Do Not Sell My Info” link will opt you out of the sale of your personal information for advertising purposes, it will not opt you out of the use of previously collected and sold personal information (except for personal information sold within 90 days prior to your exercising your right to opt out) or all interest-based advertising. If you would like more information about how to opt out of interest-based advertising in desktop and mobile browsers on a particular device, please follow the links here and here. You may download the AppChoices app here to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.Alternatively, you can make your request through the technical support option on our Contact Us page.   10. Data retention and account deletion We store your data for no longer than necessary in relation to the purpose under which such data was collected. This is determined on a case by case basis and depends on things such as the nature of the data provided, why it was collected, the legal basis we rely upon to process the data, and our relevant legal or operation retention requirements. For example, if you request to delete your account, we still have to retain some data for fraud prevention purposes and financial auditing.Please note that we evaluate deletion requests against our processing for the purposes of journalism, which includes original content and accompanying comments. When we receive a request to delete your personal data from our organisation, we are prepared to anonymise your comments by removing your email address and alias from your public account profile. In doing so, your comments are disassociated with your public account profile and therefore you are no longer publicly identified as the author of your comments. However, we keep your data because we may receive claims for libel and or/defamation in relation to user comments.Please see our Terms and House Rules for more information.  11. Children & young peopleOur websites, apps and other products and services are not aimed at children. We do not intentionally target, or otherwise process information from individuals who are under the age of 16.We do not create interest segments specifically designed for the purpose of online behavioural advertising to children who are under the age of 16. You must be at least 16 years of age to consent to online behavioural advertising via your Privacy Settings. If you are aged under 16, please ask for permission from your parent or guardian before giving us your information or using our websites or apps.  If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 16, please contact us, or our joint controllers, if you are aware that your child has used our websites or apps or otherwise provided their information to us without your consent. We shall delete or otherwise cease processing your child's personal information within a reasonable time.In accordance with industry best practice guidelines, we may retain your information for a reasonable amount of time to make sure that we do not contact you in the future.  12. Cookies and other identifiersWhen you use our websites and apps, we may collect information using cookies or similar technologies. We may also collect information using your email address. For the purposes of this section, we use the word “cookies” for simplicity. What are cookies and how do they work?Cookies are small files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Your browser sends these cookies back to the website every time you visit the site again, so it can recognise you. This allows websites to tailor what you see on the screen.Do you use other technologies which are similar to cookies?Yes, we use the following:Web beacons: Our websites, apps and emails often contain small invisible images known as "web beacons" or "tracking pixels". These are used in a way similar to_cookies to:- understand when a particular part of a webpage, email or app is viewed, - understand how successful an article or an email marketing campaign has been; and verify any clicks through to links or advertisements contained in emailsFlash cookies: In certain situation we use Adobe Flash Player to deliver video clips. Local Shared Objects (Flash cookies) are used to provide functions such as remembering your settings and preferences. Tracking URLs: These are web links that allows us to measure when a link is clicked on. They help us measure the effectiveness of campaigns and advertising and the popularity of articles that are read.Device identifiers: We use device identifiers on mobile devices in the same way as cookies are used on web browsers. A device identifier is a unique number on your device which allow us to remember your device. We use these similar technologies on websites, emails and apps, for the same purposes and in much the same way as we use cookies on websites. We shall use “cookies” and “websites” below as shorthand for “cookies and similar technologies” on “websites, emails and in apps”. What do you use cookies for?Cookies and other online tracking technologies are an important part of the internet. They make using websites much smoother and affect lots of the useful features of websites.There are many different uses for cookies, but for within our sites, they fall into the following groups:Cookies that are needed to provide the service you have asked for (Essential / Strictly Necessary ) Some cookies are essential so you can move around our websites and use their features. Without the use of these cookies parts of our websites would not function.Cookies that collect information about your choices and preferences (Functional / Preference) These cookies collect information about your choices and preferences, and allow us to remember things like: - your username and keeping you logged in during your visit - without cookies you might have to log in on every page you go to;- when you add something to the online shopping basket, cookies make sure it is still there when you get to the checkout;  - Remembering a location you've provided us with so we can show you relevant content to where you are and to provide local weather forecasts; - If you have filled in a survey, so you're not asked to do it again;- showing “related article” links that are relevant to the page you are looking at.Cookies used to understand how people use our products and services (Analytics)  We use analytics cookies to gather information about what pages, links and sections of our apps are popular and which ones don't get used so much to help us keep our sites relevant and up to date. They are also useful to be able to identify trends of how people navigate our sites so we can identify improvements to make to the customer journeyWe may combine information collected by analytics cookies with other information that you provide to us. For instance, if you have registered for an account with us, we may combine your contact details other information you provide us with the browsing history from your device collected by analytics cookies (including data collected from before you registered and when you are signed-out).We may also use this combined information to improve our products and services. For instance, we may analyse this information in aggregate to improve our advertising systems. Our properties may also feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow you to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect and your choices with regard to it, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy.  Cookies used to show advertising that is relevant to you (Tracking and Advertising) Some advertising, known as “online behavioural advertising” is tailored to you and uses information collected by first party and third-party cookies based your web browsing activity.Cookies are placed on your browser to remember the websites you have visited. Also, when you log into your account, we can recognise your UID. Advertising based on what you have been looking at is then displayed to you when you visit websites who use the same advertising networks.To help us deliver relevant advertising using cookies, we use Google Double Click. Click here to find out more about Google Double Click.We also use these cookies in order to:know how many advertisements we serve, how many times these are clicked or hovered over with a mouse cursor, how many advertisements we show to a given user and how many customer actions these generate; understand which customers reach a sale or other action page on an advertiser's site. This allows us to monitor how many sales or actions we achieve for an advertising client, and therefore, how effective our advertising is; and  protect our advertisers' brands, we often use a technology that scans the page to ascertain that it is safe from profane, sensitive & potentially brand-negative topics, before serving an ad there. This process is called 'ad verification'. Ad-blockers: We and our advertisers may use information from within our webpages to determine whether you have an ad-blocker enabled. This information may be stored or associated with your device (including through the use of cookies) to re-insert advertisements on our websites and to understand how our customers use ad-blockers. The advertisements that are re-inserted may include those from ad-blockers' 'white lists' or that promote our own products and services. We reserve the right to restrict your access to some or all of our website while you have an ad blocker turned on.  Do Not Track: Our websites do not respond to“Do Not Track”(DNT) browser settings.Managing Cookies:  You can change your cookie settings on this website at any time via your Cookie Settings.
Please note that this consent tool is not supported on certain versions of Internet Explorer. Please change your browser in order to exercise your rights under the GDPR.  Cookies can also be controlled using the following instructions:Mobile Devices: When using a mobile device, you can opt-out of receiving online behavioural advertising by selecting 'Limit Ad Tracking' in the Settings of your Apple iPhone or iPad, or the 'Opt out of interest-based ads' in the Settings on your Android device. You may also be able to reset your unique identifier used for online behavioural advertising (referred to as an 'Advertising ID') in the Settings on your Apple or Android device.OBA Cookies: If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to Your Online Choices.Web-Beacons: You can usually prevent the operation of web-beacons by changing your web-browser cookie settings and your ad choices, or for those in emails, by switching off images in your email client or viewing emails using only the 'text' display (rather than 'HTML' display'). See the 'Help' section of your email client for instructions. Please see the All About Cookies website for further information about managing your options.Flash Cookies: You can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe's website. You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising platforms where you can control your third-party online advertising preferences by going to the Network Advertising Initiative.Browsers: The links below take you to the help sections for each of the major browsers that will tell you how you can manage your cookies:- Firefox- Internet explorer- Microsoft Edge - Chrome- Safari OS X- Safari iOS- Android- Blackberry- Windows phonePlease note that our website, apps and other products and services may not work correctly (or at all) if you change certain preferences. For example, you may not be able to purchase products via our websites. However, you may still be able to place an order via our telephone order line.Where you use our apps, similar technologies to cookies are used for analytics. It is not presently possible to opt-out of these similar technologies. If you are not happy to be included in our analysis, please do not use our apps.Please also note that after applying these settings, you will continue to receive advertising, however, it may not be tailored to your likely interests using information collected from cookies and similar technologies on your device.   13. Updates to this Policy We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy. Where changes are made, we will post the revised Policy here with an updated effective date. Please check regularly for any changes to this Policy. 14. How to contact us: If you have any queries or comments about this Policy or to exercise any of your rights under the GDPR, please contact us by email at: dataprotection@dmgmedia.co.uk Alternatively, you can write to us at:Legal Department – Data Protection & PrivacyAssociated Newspapers LimitedNorthcliffe House2 Derry StreetLondon, W8 5TT U.K.You can also contact our Data Protection Officer at:  DPO@dmgmedia.co.uk Alternatively, you can write to them at:Kemp Little LLP F.A.O Data Protection Officer - Associated Newspapers LtdCheapside House, 138 Cheapside, London EC2V 6BJ, U.K.    You may also get in touch with us through the technical support option on our Contact Us page .
Advertisement
Share or comment on this article:
Privacy & Cookies Policy (the 'Policy')
e-mail
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Toggle Search
I want to find…
Guides for my financesThe best savings ratesBest cash IsasA better bank accountA cheaper mortgageThe best DIY investing platformThe best credit cardsA cheaper energy dealBetter broadband and TV dealsCheaper car insuranceStock market dataPower Portfolio investment trackerThis is Money's newsletterThis is Money's podcastInvesting Show videosHelp from This is MoneyFinancial calculators
Enter search term
Search
Search within
All articles
Share prices
QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY
Credit cards
Life insurance
Savings accounts
Best mortgages
Cut your energy bills
Current accounts
Cheapest loans
£12.50 share dealing
Advertisement
DON'T MISS
Are any of your stocks weighed down by their pension funds?
Hefty shortfalls can be an investment red flag - and these are the worst offenders.
Snap up a regular savings account paying up to 3% for any leftover cash to beat pathetic current account rates
Billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe ditches plan to build 'back-to-basics' 4X4 in Wales
Ineos boss buys Mercedes' French factory to produce his Grenadier SUV.
Pandemic amplifies the seaside property premium
A coastal view now adds £86k to the average price of a home - £20k more than last year.
Covid forced us to axe our honeymoon then our insurer Axa vetoed the claim saying we'd booked a package deal - when we hadn't
ASK TONY
Make sure fees don't shrink your profits... as City watchdog warns too many savers are losing out by not investing beware the costs
The £300M scandal: That's how much it's claimed has been wrongly denied in critical care costs to 15,000 families like Ben's - who had to pay £85,000...
Banks' new lifeline for victims of fraud
They pledge help - but too many are still trying to wriggle out of reimbursing scammed customers.
We test Citroen's diminutive Ami electric car to be sold in the UK next year from £5,000 - and it can be driven by 16-year-olds
'Bonjour, mon Ami'
We didn't realise our Nationwide mortgage holiday had ended... and then nearly lost our new home due to a missed payment
Renewable energy infrastructure could be a safe haven for income , says Octopus Group's CHRIS HULATT
Looking to replace lost dividends in your Isa?
Landlords hit as almost a third of buy-to-let mortgages vanish in a year and rates rise...
- but could a new AI deal finder help?
Electric cars are nearly £90 CHEAPER on average to insure than petrol and diesel cars, claims new report
Fintech start-up Lanistar removes celebrity backer claims after 3,000 Instagram influencers were paid to promote debit card
DON'T MISS: PROPERTY
Welcome to Multi-Millionaire's Row:
Britain's most expensive roads include the London street where an average home costs £36m - while outside the capital Surrey takes the crown
Lockdown house-swapping trend
The wealthy are making their country boltholes 'home' while city properties become somewhere to stay near work.
It needs a makeover!
Former home to a thriving tailors that made jackets for the Royals and Stella McCartney requires renovating - but it could be yours for £165,000
Strike a pose!
House boat that featured in Vogue and boasts six bedrooms, original 1930s furniture and a copper bath is for sale for £700,000
Extend your lease by a millennium and stop paying ground rents completely
: Government advisers unveil radical leasehold reforms
If the walls could talk!
The home of Nigel Dempster - who was best known for his celebrity gossip column in the Daily Mail - is on the market for £4.25m via Savills estate agents
How I built my countryside property dream!
The Long Barn was converted over four years from derelict buildings - we got an exclusive tour from the owner
A plant lover's paradise!
Five-bedroom home in Liverpool with an orangery that occupies HALF of the property is for sale for £450,000
Property clinic:
I'm considering investing in a buy-to-let to boost my pension income, should I buy it via a company to cut tax?
Britain's most expensive villages:
The three priciest country spots in each county revealed as more homebuyers hunt the quiet life
Is this the one area of the home you HAVEN'T cleaned during lockdown?
Radiators are often overlooked when cleaning - Aggie MacKenzie reveals how and why you should clean them
Can you make an escape to the country pay?
Seven homes for sale with their own businesses, including one earning £1,200 a week
Where would YOU now buy a dream home?
Five property experts reveal where they'd invest, including Alderley Edge, Dunsford and Reading
Are you dreaming of a house like this in lockdown?
Two in five Britons want village life and an escape to the country after being stuck at home during lockdown
A real tear-jerker!
Family home that played a leading role in a John Lewis Christmas ad is listed for £2.8m and has an entire floor dedicated to a classroom
Is this the most beautiful balcony in Britain?
Art Deco House in Devon inspired by 1930s ocean liners offers breathtaking views of the English Riviera
DON'T try this at home!
We speak to the professional skier who went viral with an extreme indoor climbing and acrobatic workout using his family's furniture
Mixing with celebs!
Derelict house for sale that's surrounded by glamorous celebrity homes could see price rise by £1m after a £350,000 renovation
What a picture!
Stunning Georgian London townhouse where landscape painter John Constable lived is for sale for £4.25million
How's your lockdown going?
It's 'explosive' says dad who found a WWI German hand GRENADE in his Hampshire garage while doing some spring cleaning
Step back to the 1970s!
Welsh house for sale is a timewarp with a yellow and brown kitchen, an avocado bathroom suite, and wooden slats on the dining room ceiling
Lovely jubbly! This tiny terrace is a two-bed in the heart of now trendy Del Boy country... Peckham
The house has two bedrooms and is for sale for £625,000
Fit for a princess of a pooch!
The luxury dog beds that can cost more than your own mattress - including one for almost £1,000
Do you own a leasehold flat and want to buy the freehold?
Here are seven crucial factors you must consider before you kickstart the process
Latest reports from News
Government urged to impose 'wealth tax' on millionaire households rather than hike income tax for the masses as economic turmoil mounts
France and Italy will be 'rubbing their hands with glee': Sunak blasted for ending tax free shopping for international visitors
Sacked BT boss claims firms should shun Britain for a US listing after he relocates to Silicon Valley
Shoppers spent a record £11BN on groceries last month with Ocado and Morrisons enjoying bumper sales and the splurge set to carry on for Christmas
Chess sets are the new must-have Christmas gift: LEE BOYCE on the game's sudden surge in popularity thanks to TV show The Queen's Gambit
One of the first ever Christmas cards is going under the hammer - with auctioneer Christie's valuing it at £8,000
The best discounts emergency services workers can take advantage of this Christmas including money off clothing and electronics
Brewdog's 'Willy Wonka' style competition to find gold beer cans sees some customers claim delivery drivers are tampering with boxes to sneak a look
Amazon backs Tide Charity providing £1,000 grants to Britain's Covid-hit small businesses
Tier system is 'lockdown by stealth', claims Wetherspoons' boss amid fears four in five pubs will be forced to close
Women suffering more financial hardship than men from Covid as earnings crisis forces many to cut back on retirement plans, says report
Massive tax shortfall that shows Covid's impact is revealed: He is spending big, but Rishi Sunak will collect £102bn less than predicted in March
Pensioners and investors avoid cliff edge as Treasury won't switch away from RPI until 2030... but they still face higher bills and smaller pension pots
Billions being lost in Covid business loans fraud: Taxpayer faces £40bn bill as cost of emergency schemes soars
MORE HEADLINES
FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER
‘What the money news means for you’
Newsletter straight to your inbox
QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required
SHOP BY CATEGORY
Fashion
Women's Shoes
Women's Clothing
Women's Handbags & Wallets
Plus Size Clothing
Swimwear
Trending
Beauty
Makeup
Skin Care
Hair
Fragrance
Bath & Body
Nails
Pets
Dog Supplies
Cat Supplies
Small Pets Supplies
More Pets Supplies
Pet Parents
Fitness
Home Gym
Gear
Fitness Nutrition
Womens Active Shoes & Sneakers
Tech & Electronics
Laptops
Smart Home
Tablets
Videogames
Home Audio
HDTVs, UHD TVs, & 4KTVs
Kitchen
Cookware
Cookbooks
Bakeware
Tools & Utensils
Small Appliances
Food Storage
Head Start to Home Cooked
Get Recipes
more
Advertisement
Money Home
Business
Saving & banking
Investing
Bills
Cars
Holidays
Cards & loans
Pensions
Mortgages
Experts
Buy-to-let
Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page
Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money
Metro
Newzit
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location
This is Money is part of the Daily Mail, Mail on Sunday & Metro media group
dmg media
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Terms
Do not sell my info
Privacy policy & cookies
NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
Share