http://www.consumersinternational.org/website-privacy-policy/
We use cookies to track usage and preferences
I understand
Privacy policy
Our privacy policy
Policy dated: 29.07.2020
This summary provides an overview of how Consumers International uses your personal information. You can view our full Privacy Policy in English and Spanish.
You can also view our Events Privacy Policy in English and Spanish.
To view our Summit 2019 App Privacy Statement, see here.
1. We will treat personal information about you with care and respect
We adhere to privacy principles and only collect the minimum amount of personal information needed and look after your personal information responsibly. We date our privacy policies so that you can see when our policy has been updated.
We will only use your personal information when we have a fair and lawful basis for doing so. As a membership organisation, most of the personal information we process is done so under the auspices of our legitimate business interests or where it is necessary to perform a contract we have with you. We will ask for your consent to process your personal information in some circumstances, for example, if we feel we do not have a legitimate interest.
2. We will never sell or rent your personal information
We commit to transparency on what personal information is collected, how it is stored and used.
We do not sell your personal information or rent it out to third parties who might use it for their own commercial purposes.
We will only share your personal information with external agencies in the ways set out in our Privacy Notice.
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for (for example, to satisfy any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements) or where we have legitimate business interests to do so
(for example, to keep a record of your communications preferences if you unsubscribe from one of our marketing lists).
3. We will only use anonymous information about visitors’ activities on our website
We do not collect personal information about individual visitors to our website (www.consumersinternational.org). Site activity is monitored through the use of cookies which collect anonymous, aggregate information such as:
Total number of visits to the site
Time spent by users on individual pages
Users’ country of origin and other top-level domains
Downloads of papers and publications
4. What are cookies and how do I check if cookies are enabled?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are widely used because they allow a website to recognise a user's device and therefore allow enhanced functionality.
You can check to see whether cookies are enabled by visiting http://supportdetails.com
For more information about how, why and what cookies we use, please see our full Cookies Policy in English and Spanish.
5. Links to other websites
Our website includes links and buttons to other websites, including popular social sharing sites, to make sure we can get our information and news out to as many people as possible. We are not responsible for how third-party websites might use your personal information.
Consumers International encourages you to check privacy policies on these sites before sharing any personal information.