https://www.1800petmeds.com/help.html
Navigation
×
Top Sellers
Dog
All Dog Products
Flea & Tick
Heartworm
Pain
Joints
Medications
Skin & Coat
Vitamins
Dental
Supplies
Arthritis
Hormonal Endocrine
Urinary Tract & Kidneys
Eye
Ear
Wormers
Food
Allergy Relief
Special Offers
Cat
All Cat Products
Flea & Tick
Heartworm
Pain
Joints
Medications
Skin & Coat
Vitamins
Dental
Supplies
Arthritis
Hormonal Endocrine
Urinary Tract & Kidneys
Eye
Ear
Wormers
Food
Allergy Relief
Special Offers
Horse
All Horse Products
Horse Anxiety
Horse Digestion
Horse First Aid
Horse Grooming & Skin Care
Horse Insulin & Hormonal Endocrine
Horse Joint Supplements
Horse Medications
Horse Pain
Horse Training Aids
Horse Vitamins & Supplements
Horse Wormers
Show More
Flea & Tick
Heartworm
Pain
Joints
Medications
Skin & Coat
Vitamins
Dental
Supplies
Arthritis
Hormonal Endocrine
Urinary Tract & Kidneys
Eye
Ear
Wormers
Food
Allergy Relief
Special Offers
NEW
Education
Show Less
My Account
My Orders
My Settings
Reorder
Contact Us
Sign In
Save up to 30% + EZREFILL Savings of
Extra $5 to $20 OFF (exclusions apply details)
Save up to 30%
+Extra $5 to $20 OFF
FAST FREE Shipping $49+
100% Satisfaction Guaranteed
Who We Are
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Testimonials
Mobile App
Affiliate Program
Vet/Shelter Program
PetMeds® Cares
Pharmacy Team
1-800-PetMeds® Reviews
PetMeds® Investors
Financial Press Releases
Annual Reports & Proxy Statements
Investor Presentation
Corporate Governance
Investor Contact
SEC Filings
Stock Quote
Stock Chart
TV Commercials
Call Us: 1-800-738-6337
Live Chat
Email Us
Contact Us
Contact Information
Toll Free Number (Call or Text) 1-800-PetMeds® (1-800-738-6337)
Email Address customerservice@1800petmeds.com *If your pet is in need of urgent or emergency care, contact your pet's
veterinarian immediately.
Local Phone Number 561-526-4444
Mailing Address 420 S Congress Ave. #100
Delray Beach, FL 33445
Return Label
Prescription Authorization
Your veterinarian can call our pharmacy at 1-888-738-6331
You or your veterinarian can mail the prescription to:
1-800-PetMeds®
Attn: Pharmacy
420 S Congress Ave. #100
Delray Beach, FL 33445(Please include customer phone or order #)
Customer Care Department
Our Customer Care Department is open 7 days a week as follows:
Monday - Thursday: 7:00am - 11:00pm EST
Mon - Thur: 7:00am - 11:00pm EST
Friday: 7:00am - 9:00pm EST
Saturday: 9:00am - 6:00pm EST
Sunday: 9:00am - 5:00pm EST
Buying from 1-800-PetMeds vs. your veterinarian
Are the medications from my veterinarian better than those from 1-800-PetMeds?
No, we sell only U.S. FDA/EPA-approved medications (the same exact medications sold by your veterinarian). Also, we have a much larger selection of products than most veterinarians have. And, with our high
volume of sales to millions of customers, we're able to deliver the freshest products direct to your door saving you time and money.
Does my veterinarian have a better product guarantee than 1-800-PetMeds?
No, we have the best guarantee on products, because we honor all manufacturers' guarantees and we will refund your money for any reason. It is only for competitive reasons that some veterinarians say that the
products purchased through their office have a better guarantee. They want you to keep buying medications from their office and they don't want price competition. (This keeps your prices high!)
Is there any reason that I shouldn't buy from 1-800-PetMeds?
No, there is no reason. As with all licensed pharmacies, our products and facilities are regularly inspected by state agencies and we're in full compliance. Our pharmacy takes the same special care with your
pet's prescriptions as your local pharmacy takes with your own prescriptions. We have excellent customer service and aim to keep, you, our valued customer 100% satisfied.
Does my veterinarian need to sell me my pet's medications so that they can properly instruct usage of the product?
No. Pharmacists are recognized in the health care industry as "the experts" on medication use. Our licensed pharmacists will gladly help answer any questions that you may have as well as give you
helpful tips on giving your pet the medication.
Does 1-800-PetMeds dispense prescription medications without a veterinarian's authorization?
No. All prescription medications must have an authorization before they are dispensed. All of our written and faxed prescriptions are stored electronically for quick retrieval. In addition, all of our phone
authorizations are recorded.
Does 1-800-PetMeds sell foreign, damaged, or out-of-date product?
No, we sell only U.S. FDA/EPA-approved medications (the same exact medications sold by your veterinarian). And, with our high volume of sales to millions of customers, we are able to deliver the freshest
products direct to your door saving you time and money. We follow strict standards when it comes to product expiration dates. As with all licensed pharmacies, our products and facilities are regularly inspected by state agencies and
we're in full compliance.
When I buy pet meds through 1-800-PetMeds do I still receive the manufacturers' guarantees?
Yes, we meet or exceed all manufacturers' guarantees on our products without the fuss and hassle. You get the highest quality, U.S. FDA/EPA-approved products delivered fresh to your door. And if you are not
100% satisfied, we will refund your money. Compare your vet's guarantee to ours, click here.
What are .Pharmacy verified online pharmacies?
The National Association of Boards of Pharmacy® (NABP®), the impartial
professional organization that supports the state boards of pharmacy in protecting public health, is spearheading the .pharmacy initiative. To ensure the program operates in a manner consistent with international laws and standards,
a global coalition of pharmacy community stakeholders provides guidance to the .Pharmacy Verified
Websites Program. In addition, the program:
Establishes partnerships with regulators in each jurisdiction where the .pharmacy domain names are available, and
Maintains the highest program standards through participation in global forums to gather input from international pharmacy community stakeholders.
About Medications
What information is needed to purchase an "RX Required" Medication?
All we need is your veterinarian's name and phone number and we will obtain your pet's prescription for you free of charge. We will ask for the necessary information during your checkout. If you have a written
prescription please mail it to us at 420 S Congress Ave, Suite 100, Delray Beach, FL. 33445 or have your veterinarian fax it to us at 1-800-600-8285.
Are Advantage II, Frontline Plus, K9 Advantix II and Seresto prescription medications?
No, they are over-the-counter medications and they do not require a prescription.
Does my veterinarian have to be contacted for me to buy prescription medications?
Yes, unless you have a written prescription that you can mail to us at 420 S Congress Ave, Suite 100, Delray Beach, FL. 33445 or have your veterinarian fax it to us at 1-800-600-8285.
What is the difference between Heartgard Plus and Trifexis?
Heartgard Plus prevents heartworms and controls roundworms and hookworms. It is available as a beef flavored chew for dogs. Trifexis kills fleas, prevents heartworms and
controls roundworms, hookworms and whipworms. It comes in a flavored pill form for dogs.
Does my pet need a heartworm test every year?
While in the past, the American Heartworm Society recommended periodic but not necessarily annual testing, because of some concerns with breaks regarding animals on preventatives that still contracted heartworms,
the 2005 guidelines now recommend annual testing and testing between preventative product changes.
Does my pet need heartworm prevention year-round?
The 2005 guidelines of the American Heartworm Society recommend year-round prevention in order to manage heartworm disease.
What is the difference between Advantage II and K9 Advantix II?
Advantage II kills fleas on contact. K9 Advantix II kills fleas and ticks on contact. K9 Advantix II is NOT for cats!
What is the difference between Frontline Plus and K9 Advantix II?
K9 Advantix II has an added ingredient that repels and kills mosquitoes. K9 Advantix II is NOT for cats!
Do I need a prescription to purchase medications?
Most flea and tick control products such as Frontline Plus and Advantage II do not require a prescription. If you are purchasing prescription required medications all we need is your veterinarian's name and
phone number and we will obtain your pet's prescription for you free of charge. We will ask for the necessary information during your checkout. If you have a written prescription please mail it to us at 420 S Congress Ave, Suite
100, Delray Beach, FL. 33445 or have your veterinarian fax it to us at 1-800-600-8285.
Product Guarantee
We guarantee you'll get the same exact medications prescribed by your veterinarian, all fully approved for sale and use in the United States.
We guarantee your complete satisfaction or your money back!
About Shipping
What is your delivery time?
Your order is usually shipped the same day it is received. Our normal delivery time is 5 to 7 days. We offer expedited shipping for an additional charge.
How much are your shipping costs?
Shipping and handling is FREE of charge on orders over $49. We also provide two day or next day service for additional
charges.
About Ordering
Placing Your First Order?
Placing an online order with 1800petmeds.com is easy -- you don't even need to create an account first. That will come at the end - after you've found everything you need for your pet's health!!
Finding Everything You Need
1-800-PetMeds® has tried to make finding the right products for your pet simple. You can start anywhere on practically any page to find just what your pet needs.
You can do a "search" in the box that is conveniently located on the top of nearly every page. If you just want to browse, there is a complete list of our product categories, broken down into sub-categories, also
conveniently located on the left side of nearly every page, letting you see everything that 1-800-PetMeds® has to offer in a specific category.
Want to be able to just see the products which are just for your particular type of pet? Click on one of the tabs located on top, and then go directly to the exact type of product you need.
Once you've found the product that interests you, just click on it to find more information about it.
There are so many ways to find what you need, unfortunately we can't list them all here. Choose whichever way is easiest for you. If you have any difficulties at all either email us at customerservice@1800petmeds.com or contact us by telephone at 1-800-PetMeds® (1-800-738-6337).
Adding Items to Your Cart
Once you find an item you want simply click the "Add to Cart" button. You will automatically be taken to your Cart, where all you need to know about your item will appear, including the name of the
item you want to order, how much you're ordering, and the price. Want more than one of an item? Simply change the number showing in the Quantity column and continue shopping.
Every time you add an item to your Cart, you will be taken back to your Cart, so you can easily keep track of what you've chosen. Also, you can see what's in your Cart at any time by clicking the "View Cart" icon at the
top of every page!
Taking Items out of Your Cart
If you change your mind about an item already in your Cart, it's easy to remove. Just check the box under "Remove" and it will instantly be removed from your Cart.
Checkout
Ready to Checkout? It's easy. Just click "Checkout." This is when you'll be asked to enter the "usual" information, such as billing, shipping and payment information. If you have
prescription items in your cart, you will need to tell us about your pet and give us information about your veterinarian, so that we can obtain authorization for the prescription items for you free of charge. Once all the
information is there, you will be given an opportunity to review your order before you submit it. Then, simply press the "submit order" button at the bottom of the page and that's it.
Product Guarantee
We guarantee you'll get the same exact medications prescribed by your veterinarian, all fully approved for sale and use in the United States.
We guarantee your complete satisfaction or your money back!
Safety Issues
I've never used a credit card online before. Is it safe?
1800PetMeds.com uses an industry security standard called SSL to encrypt your order between your computer and our website and verify that any personal information is not redirected. Thousands of Internet based
transactions are secured every day by this technology. For your protection and ours, we also employ a state-of-the-art fraud-detection system that minimizes the likelihood that your credit card will be fraudulently used.
If someone else finds my account information, can they use it to buy products?
Your billing information is safe, our web site will never display your credit card number. If you logged in with a password you can conveniently use your last credit card, if you did not use a password to log
in you will be required to enter your credit card number during checkout.
What is 1800PetMeds.com privacy policy?
At 1800PetMeds.com we are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. For full details on
our Privacy Policy, click here
About Payment Methods
Can I pay by Credit Card?
We accept the following major credit cards: MasterCard, Visa, American Express, and Discover.
Can I pay by Check?
Yes. We accept checks by mail. Also, a pay by check option is available on our website and through customer care at 1-800-738-6337. Make sure to have your check details and driver's license information readily available.
Can I pay through PayPal?
Yes. PayPal securely processes payments for 1-800-PetMeds, for orders placed both on our website and on our mobile site.
Can I pay through other payment methods?
Yes. We also accept payment through Apple Pay, Google Pay, and Venmo.
About your Account Log In
How can I access my account?
Ordered online before?
If you have previously ordered from us online, you can access your account through our Login page by clicking the "My Account" link and then
click the "Sign in" link conveniently located on the top menu bar of practically every page of our website. You then have two ways to log
in.
Haven't ordered online before, but want to access your account online?
If you previously ordered by telephone or through the mail and did not supply an email address, you still have an account that can be accessed through the website, and you can certainly place an order online now. Just shop and when
you're ready to checkout, enter the information requested of "New Customers." Based on the information you enter, unless your name and address have changed, we can match it to your current account. Any new information will
automatically be updated. And, even if your name and address have changed, don't worry. It will just be as though you are opening a new account!
What if I can't log in because I forgot my password and the credit card I used with my last order?
You have a couple of options.
Just shop and when you're ready to checkout, enter the information requested of "New Customers." Based on the information you enter, unless your name and address have changed, we can match it to your current account. Any
new information will automatically be updated. And, even if your name and address have changed, don't worry. It will just be as though you are opening a new account!
If you still have the same email address from when you last ordered:
1) Go to the Login page, by clicking the "My Account" link and then click the "Sign in" link conveniently located on the top menu bar of practically every page of our website.
2) Click on "Forgot Your Password and/or E-Mail Address?" and then use Option 2. A new password will be sent to you via email. You
will then be able to access your account by following the login instruction in the "How can I access my account?" paragraph above.
What if I want to change my password?
After you log in to your account, click on "Edit Password" You will then be prompted to enter a new password and confirm your new password. This option will only work if you have logged in to your
account using a password.
What if I want to change my e-mail address?
After you log in to your account, click on "Edit Email Address" Your email address will automatically appear here. Merely enter the new information and confirm the information.
What if I just can't log on?
That's okay. You do not have to log on to place an order. Just shop as much as you want, and when you're ready to checkout, based on the information you enter, we can match it to your current account. Any new
information will automatically be updated.
What if I am a new customer?
As a new customer you do not yet have an account, and don't need one in order to browse and make your selections. We suggest that you visit the "New Customers" page to learn how easy it is to place an order with us online. Once you make your selections and "Checkout" you will be
asked to enter the information needed to get your order on its way to you. An account will then be created automatically for you and the next time you order, you just follow the instructions above on accessing your account.
Do you use cookies on your website?
We use cookies to make your shopping experience with us easy and convenient. If you would like to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies or disable cookies altogether, the Help button on your
computer's toolbar should tell you how.
How secure is my Credit Card information?
We store your credit card information in a secure database which is completely separate from the website. Even when you log in using your email address and password we do not display your full credit card
number. If you happen to log in to our website using a cookie, for your security, your stored credit card number is not used.
Who can I contact if I have other problems or questions?
If you have other problems related to logging in to our website that have not been answered here, you can contact us by calling 1-800-PetMeds® (1-800-738-6337) or sending us an email at customerservice@1800PetMeds.com. If you have questions during our normal business hours you can even chat with us online by clicking the "Live
Help" button located at the top of the "Help" Page.
About our Affiliate Program
What is 1800PetMeds.com Affiliate Program?
The 1800PetMeds Affiliate Program is a commission based partnership program. You generate revenue through commissions earned on every item (excluding prescription drugs) sold through 1800PetMeds.com links on
your site.
How do I become an Affiliate?
You can become an affiliate easily by filling our online Affiliate application form by clicking here. We provide banners to place on your
web site which link to 1800PetMeds.com.All you have to do is to implement the banners on your web site.
How much does it cost to join?
It's absolutely FREE. There is no application fee or minimum sales requirement.
How does the Affiliate Program Work?
In the 1800PetMeds banners that you will use, we have a special code that tracks each customer coming thru your web site. For every customer you refer who purchases non prescription, over the counter products
we offer up to 16% commission on the products they purchase. Every month we calculate your earnings and send you a check.
How often can I get a report on my earnings?
As often as you wish. Linkshare, the Company that administers our affiliate program, offers a extensive reporting system which reports count of click-through leads and the number of booked accounts for which payment
is due to you.
About Returning a Product
Click here to print a return label
About working at 1-800-PetMeds
For career information, a current list of job opportunities and to apply, visit themuse.com/companies/1800petmeds. You may also submit
your resume directly to Careers@1800PetMeds.com.