http://www.twinsclub.co.uk/privacy
Why Join a Twinsclub? :: Want to add your club? :: Club Login
Privacy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit twinsclub.co.uk (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site.   This is standard web server behavior and is used for debug purposes.   Such records are kept for 12 months.
We use Google Analytics to track website usage and behavior using the same data that is stored in our log files.
When you post information about a club, make a post on our forum, or use our Contact Us forms, we store the data collected.   Such data is kept until modified or deleted by yourself or if we are requested by you  to update or delete.
Requests should be made to webmaster@twinsclub.co.uk – there may be a fee applied to such requests.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Log data of pages viewed are used and referred to for debug purposes only and are not passed on or used for anything other than that purpose.
Information given within club details are stored in order to publish details of your club which is view-able by readers of the website.  The purpose of this data is to advertise your club.
Information given when using our contact forms is stored as a means of record keeping and storing correspondents.  This information is used only for that purpose and not shared or used for any other purpose.
Forum posts are stored and published within our forums with the purpose to share with others using the website forums.   This data is used only for that purpose and not shared or used for any other purpose.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not share information stored with any third party unless data has been submitted as an entry to a competition being run.  In such cases you shall be informed within the competition terms and conditions how your data will be used and who it will be shared with.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact form.
DATA RETENTION
Routine log data collected is stored for 12 months.   Other forms of data (forum, club, contact form) has no cut off date for routine deletion unless requested for an individual.     Data is stored securely and is part of a backup policy for the purpose of data recovery.
MINORS
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 16
Recent
Kids Sports: Teach Your Kid to Love a Sport
How to keep your family safe and hygienic in the home
Staying indoors? Fun activities for kids
10 tips for washing your baby’s clothes and toys
Weaning: Starting Your Baby on Food