https://www.starkeyintl.com/privacy-policy/
800-888-4904
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our
newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail
address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or social security number. You may,
however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie
enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy
policy..
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive
from you)
; To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support
needs)
; To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to
any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of
delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and
updates pertaining to your order.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed
unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you
place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure
Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be
accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the
information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.)
will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive
through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize
your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your
preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that
we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service
providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not
permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our
business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can
choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies
off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the
telephone or by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our
business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may
also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our
site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally
identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other
uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no
responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to
protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the
California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to
outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not
collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all
directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to
information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of
liability governing the use of our website at http://www.starkeyintl.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.starkeyintl.com1350 Logan St.Denver, Colorado 80203USAservices@starkeyintl.com303-832-5510
Starkey News Letter [constantcontactapi formid="3"]
Watch The Video
The Starkey International website uses cookies to improve your experience, you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
MENU
Home
Private Training
Private Training
On-site Consulting
Education
Course Offerings
Mrs. Starkey Writes
Placement
Starkey Placement Services
Available Positions
Available Graduates
Private Service Titles & Positions
Military
Appreciation of
Military Enlisted Aides
History of the DOD Enlisted Aide of the Year Award
Customized Household Management Courses For Military Personnel
Restoring The Art
News
Graduate Stories
Whats New At Starkey!
About Us
Contact Us
AirBnB
About Mrs. Starkey
About the Institute
Starkey Publications
Starkey Milestones
Starkey Staff
FAQ
Testimonials
Press & Media
Videos
Print Media
Press Video
Store