http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/terms
Money Home
Business
Saving & banking
Investing
Bills
Cars
Holidays
Cards & loans
Pensions
Mortgages
Experts
Buy-to-let
My Profile
Logout
Login
How we can help
Contact us
Friday, Dec 11th 2020
12AM
60°F
3AM
62°F
5-Day Forecast
show ad
Hot property! Airbnb shares DOUBLE on long-awaited market debut... as holiday lettings website's meteoric rise fuels fears of new tech bubble
Mind the UK output gap: GDP gives some idea how UK PLC is doing, but doesn't deserve the totemic status it has acquired, says ALEX BRUMMER
US goes to war with Facebook: Blockbuster lawsuit could break up social media giant
Mounting concern among estate agents that property market could stall in the new year as queries from home buyers wane
Government urged to impose 'wealth tax' on millionaire households rather than hike income tax for the masses as economic turmoil mounts
Stop the generic scam warnings: Banks told to do more to help customers stay safe with majority of money lost to fraudsters not refunded
Are investment charges eating into your Child Trust Fund? Majority of 18 year-olds haven't accessed their cash and could be facing 1.5% annual fees
My mortgage deal is about to end and I need to remortgage: I've done my flat up since buying - will this affect what I can borrow?
MARKET REPORT: Petrol forecourt retailer Applegreen soars after owners plot move to take the group private for around 523p per share
Advisers set for £835m fees windfall from London Stock Exchange and data provider Refinitiv mega-merger
Mike Ashley ready to pounce on Topshop AND Debenhams: Sports Direct billionaire in talks to mount a parallel rescue
Tui swings to £2.7bn annual loss and warns holiday bookings won't return to pre-crisis levels until 2022
McLaren in talks to raise £500m in a deal that could see supercar maker finally go public
Investors in the money as watchdog lifts bank dividends ban after lenders post better-than-expected profits
Bentley Blower is back! British marque completes reborn 1920s legendary racer ahead of a limited run of 12 customer cars that each cost £1.8MILLION
'I've paid £7k for 3 textbooks': Online college promises to teach students a trade but is leaving hundreds out of pocket with no qualifications
Would you rent a used smartphone? Music Magpie offers customers refurbished devices from £8.99 a month to help stop the rise of e-waste
GRACE ON THE CASE: I re-booked our Cuba trip with Tui after 40% uplift promise - but it says I was too early and now face cancelling or paying £1,100 difference
More chaos at Currys PC World: Some customers see Black Friday orders cancelled - but tech retail giant says it will honour promotional prices
Revealed: Britain's property hotspots that have seen the biggest increase in value in 2020 after study showed the average house price has increased by £15,000 since June
Unlock the market's best return on savings: Get Chip's 1.25% easy access rate with This is Money's exclusive code
Snap up a regular savings account paying up to 3% for any leftover cash to beat pathetic current account rates
Send loved ones a Christmas present to spend: Our top tips on how to give cash smartly and safely
New generation of banks 'are best for customer service': Big banks that deserted High Street to swell profits are slammed by consumer group
Previous
Next
TermsPlease note that by using this website or our mobile applications (for example our iPhone and iPad apps) (a “Site”), you accept these Terms. If you do not accept these Terms, do not use this Site. We may change these Terms from time to time, so you should review them each time that you visit the Site. You should print a copy of these Terms for future reference.Index About us Using our Site Registration Your Content - what we are allowed to do Your Content - what you are not allowed to do Suspending or terminating your registration Third party content and links available on this Site Your personal information Our liability Maintenance of the Site Validity of these terms Jurisdiction and applicable law 1. About us1.1. This Site is operated by Associated Newspapers Limited, a company registered in England under company number 84121 with a registered office at Northcliffe House, 2 Derry Street, London W8 5TT ("we", "us", "our"). Our VAT number is GB 243571174. You can contact us here.2. Using our Site2.1. You may view (and, where applicable) listen to) the content available on the Site for personal non-commercial use. You may occasionally print individual webpages on the Site for your private non-commercial use, provided that such printing is not substantial or systematic and our trade marks and copyright and trade mark notices are not removed.2.2. Unless otherwise stated in these Terms, you must not (whether directly or indirectly) copy, download, store, make available, distribute, sell or offer to sell all or any part of the content or Site, or download or otherwise copy (whether directly or indirectly) any content, files or data from the Site to make or populate a database or publication of any kind whatsoever. If you require any further information on permitted use, or a licence to re publish any part of the Site (or any Content), please email us at editorial@dailymailonline.co.uk or contact us by telephone on 020 7938 6000 or contact The Newspaper Licencing Association - www.nla.co.uk.2.3. You may only play video or audio files using the media player on our Site.2.4. If you would like a friend to read a story or watch or listen to a video or audio file on our Site, please use the 'Email to a Friend' or 'Share this Article' facilities on our Site, or you may email a link to our Site to your friend or simply ask them to visit our Site. Please ensure that you have their consent before giving us their details.2.5. You must not use all or any part of our Site or the contents on it for commercial purposes without our permission.2.6. Users, whether or not registered, must not abuse our Report Abuse facility e.g. by making malicious reports.2.7. Information posted on Mailonline’s official social media accounts, including Twitter and Facebook, is often published just as breaking news occurs and may not be amended or removed following updates made to articles. Whilst every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of posts, for the most current version of a story, readers should visit www.dailymail.co.uk 2.8. You may use and display on your website or social networking profile page content on our Site where an embed code is provided (the “Embeddable Content”) subject to these Terms and on the following conditions:i. Any use of the Embeddable Content must be for personal, non-commercial purposes. You may not charge users of your website for access to the Embeddable Content, use the Content as means to secure advertising, or commercialise the Embeddable Content in any other way. 3. Registrationii. All intellectual property rights in and to the Embeddable Content, embed code and the embeddable player shall remain the property of us and/or our licensors.iii. The Embeddable Content cannot be used on any websites that:a. contain unlawful text or images; orb. contain pornography or sexually explicit content; orc. contain gratuitous violence; ord. condone or encourage unlawful acts.iv. You may only use the Embeddable Content where Your Site:a. complies with all applicable data protection and privacy laws, codes of practice and the self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising; andb. clearly explains that cookies and similar tracking technologies may be used on Your Site by third parties for analytics and advertising purposes and (if required by law) a link to our privacy policy: www.dailymail.co.uk/privacy.v. We grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable licence to use the embeddable computer code to display on Your Site the Content.vi. You may not copy, re-publish, edit, alter, add to or use the embed code or embeddable player in any other way.vii. All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the Embeddable Content, the embed code and the embeddable player shall remain our property of the property of our licensors.viii. You may not directly or indirectly suggest any endorsement or approval by us of your site or any entity, product or content or any views expressed within your site without our prior written approval.ix. You may not use the Embeddable Content in any way that could bring us into disrepute or otherwise cause any loss or damage to us.x. The Embeddable Content is made available by us on an “as is” and “as available” basis and We give no warranty of any kind in relation to the Embeddable Content, embed code or the embeddable player, including warranties related to non-infringement of third party rights. We disclaim all implied and statutory warranties to the maximum extent permitted by law.xi. You hereby agree to reimburse Us in respect of all damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees and litigation expenses, arising out of or as a result of any breach of these Embedding Terms or otherwise in connection with your use of the Embeddable Content and/or the embeddable code and player.3. Registration3.1. You must be 16 years old or older to register and submit material (e.g. comments) to the Site.3.2. Only one registration per person is allowed. You must keep your registration information up to date.3.3. You must choose an email address which gives you frequent access to emails sent to that address, as we need to be able to contact you. You must keep your password confidential.3.4 You must not:              (i) impersonate or try to impersonate another person;              (ii) disclose your password to anyone else;              (iii) allow anyone else use your account;              (iv) use anyone else's account.3.5. You are responsible for everything done using your account. If you think that someone else may have access to, or be using, your password or account, you must tell us as soon as possible by emailing community@dailymailonline.co.uk.4. Your content - what we are allowed to do4.1. We may publish, check, edit or remove all or part of the comments or other material, including your name, town and country, which you submit to us ('Your Content'), at our sole discretion. We are not obliged to do any of these things and we may not.4.2. You retain any copyright you may have in Your Content. By submitting material to us, you grant us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive worldwide licence to use, copy, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, make available, communicate and distribute Your Content (in whole or part) and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. By submitting Your Content, you warrant that you have the right to grant this licence. The licence is capable of sub-license by us to other entities and brands in our group of companies (including, without limitation, This is Money, Allegran, Jobsite, Find a Property, PrimeLocation, Motors, This is Network).4.3. To the extent permitted by law, you waive your moral rights (e.g. the right to be identified as author or to object to derogatory treatment) in Your Content.This clause 4 means, for example (without limitation), that we can: Continue to publish all or part of Your Content, including your name, town and country, even if you change your mind and want us to remove it and/or you are no longer registered with the Site; Remove Your Content, even if you have not breached these Terms or our House Rules; Use all or part of Your Content in promoting our products and services (e.g. we may use a screenshot including your comments in our advertising); Edit your Content, which may result in a part of it being modified and displayed, including without your name. Please note that we do not check, monitor, moderate or even see all the comments and other material submitted to us. While some comments are pre-moderated (i.e. checked in advance by us before publication), some are not (see our FAQ for more details). 5. Your content - what you are not allowed to do5.1. You must not submit any material to our Site that:        (a) is:            (i) defamatory, malicious, threatening, false, misleading, offensive, abusive, discriminatory, harassing, blasphemous or racist,            (ii) indecent, obscene or of a sexual nature,            (iii) a breach of confidentiality or someone's privacy;        (b) could prejudice any active legal proceedings of which you are aware;        (c) is likely to:            (i) cause someone alarm, anxiety or distress;            (ii) encourage violence or racial or religious hatred;        (d) infringes any intellectual property rights, such as copyright and trade marks. This means generally that you must own the rights in everything you submit or must obtain permission from the rights owner to submit the material;        (e) is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software, harmful data or conduct);        (f) advertises any product or services;        (g) impersonates anyone else or otherwise misrepresents your identity, affiliation or status;        (h) is in breach of these Terms, our Privacy Policy, and/or House Rules;        (i) is, encourages or teaches conduct that is a criminal offence, gives rise to civil liability, or is otherwise unlawful;5.2. You must not include links on the Site to any websites or webpages.5.3. You must not try to get round any protections we put in place for the security and operation of the Site.5.4. You must not re-submit content which you are aware has been removed.6. Suspending or terminating your registration6.1. We may suspend, terminate or prevent your registration at our sole discretion. This may be because, for example, we consider that you have breached or will breach these Terms or our House Rules or someone has reported abuse. However, we are not obliged to do these things, we decide.6.2. Where we suspend, terminate or prevent your registration, you must not attempt to re-register or submit content (e.g. using someone else's registration), without our permission. The period of any suspension depends on all the circumstances.7. Sponsored content, third party content and links available on this Site7.1. Where you see the label “Sponsored Content” on an article on this Site it means that our Publisher/Editor retains editorial control and sign off of the article. Where you see the label “Advertorial” these are also written by our journalists but control and final sign off lies with the advertiser.7.2. We are not liable or responsible for the third party content on this Site. Third party content includes, for example, comments posted by users and the content of advertisements.7.3. Where this Site contains links to other sites and resources, which are provided by third parties, these links and resources are provided for your information only and you access them at your own risk. We are not liable or responsible for the content of third party sites or resources.If you see something which you reasonably believe breaches these Terms or our House Rules, please use the Report Abuse facility. If there is no facility available, please contact us on community@dailymailonline.co.uk.8. Your personal information8.1. We will use your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy, which forms part of these Terms. Please read our Privacy Policy now.9. Our liability    9.1. The information contained on this Site is for information purposes only and does not constitute advice. You should check any information on the Site and use your own judgement before doing or not doing anything on the basis of what you see. We give no warranties of any kind in relation to the Site or its contents.9.2. Except for liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, we are not liable for:        (a) any action you may take as a result of relying on any information provided on this Site or for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of you taking this action;        (b) any dealings you have with third parties (e.g. other users, advertisers or promoters) that take place using or facilitated by the Site;         (c) any liability for losses which are not a foreseeable or likely consequence of (i) your use of the Site, or (ii) a breach of these Terms; and        (d) any loss or damage which you may suffer as a result of or connected to your use of the embed code, player or the Embeddable Content. 9.3. We are not responsible if you cannot access the Site properly or at all because of any event outside our control, for example (without limitation) the performance of your or our ISP, your browser or the Internet.9.4. The Site relies in part on software to work. Software has bugs. Whilst we will monitor the Site and try to fix bugs, we cannot guarantee that the Site or any individual feature of the Site will be error free, available all the time and/or free from viruses.9.5. However, nothing in these Terms will affect any liability we may have for death or personal injury arising from our negligence or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited by law.10. Maintenance of the Site10.1. Making your use of the Site enjoyable means we need to fix bugs, install updates and do general diagnosis and maintenance of the Site. We will try to do scheduled maintenance during times when we anticipate that online use is lower than normal.10.2. We also need to be able to do emergency maintenance and/or suspend access to the servers where, in our reasonable discretion, we see the need to do that. We will try to have the Site available again as soon as we think it is safe to do so.11. Validity of these Terms11.1. If any part or provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful or unenforceable, this shall not affect the validity of any other part or provision.12. Jurisdiction and applicable law12.1. These Terms are governed by English law. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute relating to these Terms.
Advertisement
Share or comment on this article:
Terms
e-mail
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Toggle Search
I want to find…
Guides for my financesThe best savings ratesBest cash IsasA better bank accountA cheaper mortgageThe best DIY investing platformThe best credit cardsA cheaper energy dealBetter broadband and TV dealsCheaper car insuranceStock market dataPower Portfolio investment trackerThis is Money's newsletterThis is Money's podcastInvesting Show videosHelp from This is MoneyFinancial calculators
Enter search term
Search
Search within
All articles
Share prices
QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY
Credit cards
Life insurance
Savings accounts
Best mortgages
Cut your energy bills
Current accounts
Cheapest loans
£12.50 share dealing
Advertisement
DON'T MISS
Are any of your stocks weighed down by their pension funds?
Hefty shortfalls can be an investment red flag - and these are the worst offenders.
Snap up a regular savings account paying up to 3% for any leftover cash to beat pathetic current account rates
Billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe ditches plan to build 'back-to-basics' 4X4 in Wales
Ineos boss buys Mercedes' French factory to produce his Grenadier SUV.
Pandemic amplifies the seaside property premium
A coastal view now adds £86k to the average price of a home - £20k more than last year.
Covid forced us to axe our honeymoon then our insurer Axa vetoed the claim saying we'd booked a package deal - when we hadn't
ASK TONY
Make sure fees don't shrink your profits... as City watchdog warns too many savers are losing out by not investing beware the costs
The £300M scandal: That's how much it's claimed has been wrongly denied in critical care costs to 15,000 families like Ben's - who had to pay £85,000...
Banks' new lifeline for victims of fraud
They pledge help - but too many are still trying to wriggle out of reimbursing scammed customers.
We test Citroen's diminutive Ami electric car to be sold in the UK next year from £5,000 - and it can be driven by 16-year-olds
'Bonjour, mon Ami'
We didn't realise our Nationwide mortgage holiday had ended... and then nearly lost our new home due to a missed payment
Renewable energy infrastructure could be a safe haven for income , says Octopus Group's CHRIS HULATT
Looking to replace lost dividends in your Isa?
Landlords hit as almost a third of buy-to-let mortgages vanish in a year and rates rise...
- but could a new AI deal finder help?
Electric cars are nearly £90 CHEAPER on average to insure than petrol and diesel cars, claims new report
Fintech start-up Lanistar removes celebrity backer claims after 3,000 Instagram influencers were paid to promote debit card
DON'T MISS: PROPERTY
Welcome to Multi-Millionaire's Row:
Britain's most expensive roads include the London street where an average home costs £36m - while outside the capital Surrey takes the crown
Lockdown house-swapping trend
The wealthy are making their country boltholes 'home' while city properties become somewhere to stay near work.
It needs a makeover!
Former home to a thriving tailors that made jackets for the Royals and Stella McCartney requires renovating - but it could be yours for £165,000
Strike a pose!
House boat that featured in Vogue and boasts six bedrooms, original 1930s furniture and a copper bath is for sale for £700,000
Extend your lease by a millennium and stop paying ground rents completely
: Government advisers unveil radical leasehold reforms
If the walls could talk!
The home of Nigel Dempster - who was best known for his celebrity gossip column in the Daily Mail - is on the market for £4.25m via Savills estate agents
How I built my countryside property dream!
The Long Barn was converted over four years from derelict buildings - we got an exclusive tour from the owner
A plant lover's paradise!
Five-bedroom home in Liverpool with an orangery that occupies HALF of the property is for sale for £450,000
Property clinic:
I'm considering investing in a buy-to-let to boost my pension income, should I buy it via a company to cut tax?
Britain's most expensive villages:
The three priciest country spots in each county revealed as more homebuyers hunt the quiet life
Is this the one area of the home you HAVEN'T cleaned during lockdown?
Radiators are often overlooked when cleaning - Aggie MacKenzie reveals how and why you should clean them
Can you make an escape to the country pay?
Seven homes for sale with their own businesses, including one earning £1,200 a week
Where would YOU now buy a dream home?
Five property experts reveal where they'd invest, including Alderley Edge, Dunsford and Reading
Are you dreaming of a house like this in lockdown?
Two in five Britons want village life and an escape to the country after being stuck at home during lockdown
A real tear-jerker!
Family home that played a leading role in a John Lewis Christmas ad is listed for £2.8m and has an entire floor dedicated to a classroom
Is this the most beautiful balcony in Britain?
Art Deco House in Devon inspired by 1930s ocean liners offers breathtaking views of the English Riviera
DON'T try this at home!
We speak to the professional skier who went viral with an extreme indoor climbing and acrobatic workout using his family's furniture
Mixing with celebs!
Derelict house for sale that's surrounded by glamorous celebrity homes could see price rise by £1m after a £350,000 renovation
What a picture!
Stunning Georgian London townhouse where landscape painter John Constable lived is for sale for £4.25million
How's your lockdown going?
It's 'explosive' says dad who found a WWI German hand GRENADE in his Hampshire garage while doing some spring cleaning
Step back to the 1970s!
Welsh house for sale is a timewarp with a yellow and brown kitchen, an avocado bathroom suite, and wooden slats on the dining room ceiling
Lovely jubbly! This tiny terrace is a two-bed in the heart of now trendy Del Boy country... Peckham
The house has two bedrooms and is for sale for £625,000
Fit for a princess of a pooch!
The luxury dog beds that can cost more than your own mattress - including one for almost £1,000
Do you own a leasehold flat and want to buy the freehold?
Here are seven crucial factors you must consider before you kickstart the process
Latest reports from News
Government urged to impose 'wealth tax' on millionaire households rather than hike income tax for the masses as economic turmoil mounts
France and Italy will be 'rubbing their hands with glee': Sunak blasted for ending tax free shopping for international visitors
Sacked BT boss claims firms should shun Britain for a US listing after he relocates to Silicon Valley
Shoppers spent a record £11BN on groceries last month with Ocado and Morrisons enjoying bumper sales and the splurge set to carry on for Christmas
Chess sets are the new must-have Christmas gift: LEE BOYCE on the game's sudden surge in popularity thanks to TV show The Queen's Gambit
One of the first ever Christmas cards is going under the hammer - with auctioneer Christie's valuing it at £8,000
The best discounts emergency services workers can take advantage of this Christmas including money off clothing and electronics
Brewdog's 'Willy Wonka' style competition to find gold beer cans sees some customers claim delivery drivers are tampering with boxes to sneak a look
Amazon backs Tide Charity providing £1,000 grants to Britain's Covid-hit small businesses
Tier system is 'lockdown by stealth', claims Wetherspoons' boss amid fears four in five pubs will be forced to close
Women suffering more financial hardship than men from Covid as earnings crisis forces many to cut back on retirement plans, says report
Massive tax shortfall that shows Covid's impact is revealed: He is spending big, but Rishi Sunak will collect £102bn less than predicted in March
Pensioners and investors avoid cliff edge as Treasury won't switch away from RPI until 2030... but they still face higher bills and smaller pension pots
Billions being lost in Covid business loans fraud: Taxpayer faces £40bn bill as cost of emergency schemes soars
MORE HEADLINES
FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER
‘What the money news means for you’
Newsletter straight to your inbox
QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required
SHOP BY CATEGORY
Fashion
Women's Shoes
Women's Clothing
Women's Handbags & Wallets
Plus Size Clothing
Swimwear
Trending
Beauty
Makeup
Skin Care
Hair
Fragrance
Bath & Body
Nails
Pets
Dog Supplies
Cat Supplies
Small Pets Supplies
More Pets Supplies
Pet Parents
Fitness
Home Gym
Gear
Fitness Nutrition
Womens Active Shoes & Sneakers
Tech & Electronics
Laptops
Smart Home
Tablets
Videogames
Home Audio
HDTVs, UHD TVs, & 4KTVs
Kitchen
Cookware
Cookbooks
Bakeware
Tools & Utensils
Small Appliances
Food Storage
Head Start to Home Cooked
Get Recipes
more
Advertisement
Money Home
Business
Saving & banking
Investing
Bills
Cars
Holidays
Cards & loans
Pensions
Mortgages
Experts
Buy-to-let
Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page
Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money
Metro
Newzit
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location
This is Money is part of the Daily Mail, Mail on Sunday & Metro media group
dmg media
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Terms
Do not sell my info
Privacy policy & cookies
NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
Share