http://www.organizersincanada.com/privacy.html
POC Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 2019
Introduction
We at Professional Organizers in Canada ("POC”, "we", "us", and "our") know that your privacy is important. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) is designed to assist you in understanding how we will process your personally identifiable information (“Personal Data”) on our website located at www.organizersincanada.com (the “Website”). This policy applies to both members (“members”, “associate members” “affiliate members”) and non-members (“general public”).
Please read this policy to learn more about the ways in which we collect and use your personal data.
We may update this policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on this web page. You should visit this page occasionally to ensure you agree with any changes. We will post our revised policy on this web page and the date of the changes. POC members will be notified of any privacy policy changes through the membership e-newsletter, the POC Talk. By continuing to use our website after we post any such changes, you agree that you accept the policy as modified.
By signing up for our services and by using our website, you consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and all other types of processing of your personal data, as described in this policy.
Data Controllership
In the context of this policy, we act as the data controller for the personal data that we process.
Basis of Processing
Within the scope of this policy, we may rely on one or more of the following legal grounds for processing your personal data:
Your consent;
The need to perform our obligations under a contract or to perform related pre-contractual duties;
The legitimate interests pursued by us, such as to recruit new members; and
Any other ground, as required or permitted by law in the specific respective context.
Please note that you may withdraw your consent at any time by visiting https://www.organizersincanada.com/contact.html and selecting the email link Website / Login Problems / Personal Data & Privacy Policy. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing, based on consent before the withdrawal.
Where you provide us personal data with regard to the performance of a contract, we require this information to be able to enter into a contract with you.
POC Find an Organizer Directory
All POC members who have completed the mandatory courses have the option to have their profile posted on the Find an Organizer Directory. By logging into their member profile on the POC website, they can select the field to opt out of having their profile available to the public. If members opt to appear in the directory, all mandatory fields will show however members have the choice to leave other fields blank if they so choose.
Categories of Personal Data
Personal Data collected by us could include:
Information about your computer, including IP address, type of operating system and browser; your computer's location; pages visited on our site and what links clicked along with other sites recently visited;
Contact information, such as first and last name, e-mail address, phone number, and residence address;
Business service data;
Events attendance data;
Online purchases;
Sponsorship commitments; and
Any other type of information we may ask you for or that you may choose to provide to us.
How We Receive Personal Data
We may receive your personal data through our website. In particular, we receive personal data when:
You sign up as a member of our association;
You interact with our website when, e.g., registering for an event;
You subscribe to a POC e-newsletter;
You sign up or participate in any educational offerings;
Your information that you have provided to us by any other means is entered into our system by us, e.g., for the purpose of sending member renewal notices.
Member Data
All members have access to their personal information through their member profile where they can make revisions directly. Members must verify their identity with a user ID and password they set up upon joining.
Purposes of Processing
We may process your personal data for the purposes of:
Registering you as a member of our association;
Enabling your use of the features of our website;
Handling dues and fee billings for membership, events, and other association business;
Retaining statistical information about your involvement, activity, and dues/fee payment;
Tracking purchases;
Tracking event attendance;
Volunteer recruitment;
Tracking proposal submissions during a call-for-proposals;
Tracking online learning participation;
Recording of continuing education credits;
Featuring news articles/press releases related to your business activity;
Accounting;
Responding to your inquiries, and/or other requests or questions; and
Periodically sending you newsletters and other marketing materials.
Data Retention
Data is retained for statistical analysis and development of programming. Your personal data can be removed upon request by contacting us using the information in the Contact Us section of this policy.
Sharing Personal Data with Third Parties
We may share your personal data with other entities. Such third parties may include those providing:
Association management software;
Web development services;
Hosting services;
Cloud storage services;
IT support services;
Analytics services;
Customer support services;
Payment services; and
Any other type of external services we might need for us to be able to operate our website and to provide you with our services.
We may share your personal data with these third-party vendors, solely to enable them to perform the services for us. In providing such personal data, we require that those third-party vendors maintain at least the same level of security that we maintain for such personal data.
Other Disclosure of Your Personal Data
We may disclose your personal data:
To the extent required by law or if we have a good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary, in order to comply with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials, or private parties, including but not limited to: subpoenas, search warrants, or court orders;
If we sell or transfer all or a portion of the association’s interests, assets, or both, or in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, or other association change; and
To our subsidiaries or affiliates, only if necessary, for business and operational purposes.
We reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data, which does not include any personal data, about our website users as a group for any legal business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers, sponsors, clients, and customers.
If we must disclose your personal data, in order to comply with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials, we may not be able to ensure that such recipients of your personal data will maintain the privacy or security of your personal data.
Use of Cookies
A "cookie" is a small file stored on your device which potentially contains (or may be linked to) information about you, your device, and your use of our website. We may use cookies to enable your use of the website. A pop-up notification will appear when you visit our site notifying you that we collect cookies. The use of cookies is industry standard, so your browser may be set to accept cookies. If you would prefer not to accept cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to reject all cookies or some cookies. Note, if you reject certain cookies, you may not be able to access all of the features of our Website. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutcookies.org/.
Automated Decision-Making
We do not perform automated decision-making activities, such as profiling.
Data Integrity and Security
Biz-Zone is our software provider and are responsible for maintaining the technical, organizational, and physical security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personal data from unauthorized processing, such as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Access, Correction, and Deletion
If you are a data subject about whom we store personal data, you may have the right to request access to, and the opportunity to update, correct, or delete such personal data. You may always e-mail us at the e-mail address found in the Contact Us section of this policy. We will implement your requested changes, and keep you apprised of the process and progress as we make those changes.
Restriction and Objection to Processing, Portability
If you are a data subject whose personal data we process, you may have the right to ask that we limit our processing of your personal data, as well as the right to object to our processing of your personal data. You may also have the right to ask to have your personal data exported in a machine-readable format. To exercise such rights, where applicable, please contact us using the information in the Contact Us section of this policy.
Privacy of Children
Our website is not directed at, or intended for use by, children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly allow anyone under 18 to provide any personal data on our website. Children should always get permission from a parent or guardian, before sending personal information over the internet. If you believe your child may have provided us with personal data, you can contact us using the information in the Contact Us section of this policy and we will delete that personal data.
Supervisory Authority Oversight
If you are a data subject whose personal data we process, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection regulator in one or more of the European Union Member States. POC adheres to the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) and does not sell or rent its lists or share your personal information with any third parties. POC also adheres to Canada's Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL) and provides you the ability to unsubscribe from receiving any unwanted communications from POC. http://fightspam.gc.ca/eic/site/030.nsf/eng/home
When You Leave the POC Website
This policy discloses the privacy practices for the POC website (www.organizersincanada.com). However, the POC website contains links to other sites. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy and security policies of the new site. POC encourages you to read the privacy policies of all websites you visit, especially if you share any personal information.
Contact Us
If you have a complaint, dispute, or questions regarding this policy or our treatment of your personal data, please contact us at:
General Contact
Wil deGast
Website Coordinator
website-poc@organizersincanada.com
Please allow up to 3 to 5 business days for us to reply.
About
Join
Get Organized
Partners
Media
Education & Events
Members Only
Chapters
Join POC Find an Organizer
Back to Top
×
We use cookies to enhance your experience and to measure how you use our website.
Find out More
Accept