http://004038f.netsolhost.com/privacy.html
Copyright & Privacy Policy
Privacy Philosophy
The Darling Companies, Inc. wants to make your experience online satisfying and safe. We want to provide you with the means to control your privacy and give you a way to voice questions or concerns you may have. Information is collected from you to make it easier and more rewarding for you to use our services. We use this information to design initiatives that are designed as a platform to deliver a broad range of personalized products and services to our customers across a variety of different consumer brands. By knowing customer preferences, services and special offerings can be tailored to eliminate hassles and provide superior levels of convenience on a one-to-one basis. Depending on the service you are accessing, you could be asked at various times to provide information such as your name, email address or information about what you like and do not like. On other occasions when we provide items for purchase online, we may request your credit card number to conclude the transaction or your mailing address to insure proper delivery. We recognize that the value of our brands rests in customer relationships and we strongly support the rights of consumers to maintain privacy of personal data.
Who is collecting the Information
The information that you provide is collected by The Darling Companies, Inc. We will not sell ownership of this data to any other company or organization.
Our Commitments to Your Family
Like you, we have children of our own and are concerned about their safety when they use the Internet. We want you and your family to be safe while visiting our Internet sites. That is why, consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy of Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from children.
What Information Do We Collect
We collect information in several different ways. We collect the domain name of visitors to our Web pages, the e-mail addresses of those visitors who volunteer them, user-specific information on the pages visitors access, and information such as survey information, postal address, telephone numbers and site registrations that you provide voluntarily. Like many other commercial websites, our websites may employ a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how our visitors use our Web pages.
What Information Is Used
We use the information that we collect to understand your preferences and history. With this information we can tailor our services and special offerings to provide superior levels of convenience and service on a one-to-one basis. We also use the collected information to improve the design of our Web pages. We will not transfer information to competitors. Information about your preferences is only used to help us understand the products and services that might be attractive to you. Based on information you provide us, combinations of travel and hospitality might be something that would interest you but the one Company to which it was given will always hold the information. If you provide us with your e-mail address, we may occasionally send you e-mail offers, informing you about products and services. If you provide us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. These offers may be based on information you provided us in your responses to our surveys and on your history with us as a customer.
Our ability to provide enhanced services and content may occasionally depend on our ability to provide targeted advertising for our partners and clients. This allows us to review the actions of our visitors to determine what they want and do not want; provide advertisements from time to time that support our customer's' specific request; develop summary reports for our advertisers that contain raw numbers or statistics (but never tell them who it was that saw or clicked on their advertisements unless you have agreed"; and send customers e-mail communications on information we think they will find useful, including information about new products and services from our selected partners. It is our policy to never send messages to members who have asked us not to do so, either at initial registration or later through an unsubscribe process.
Information Distribution
If you are providing personal information within a registration page, it will only be used within our domain unless you choose to allow third party data sharing.
Although unlikely, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information to the appropriate governmental authorities. If requested as part of a legal proceeding, we will provide this information upon receipt of the appropriate documentation.
There will be links that will let you leave our site. We do not control the links or their sites and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the site. The use and/or privacy provided by the operator of a linked site as to any information you provide in accessing a linked site is in no way subject to our privacy policy. Each linked site may have its own policy that could differ considerably from our policy, or the linked site may not display any privacy policy at all. In any case, even though linked site is accessed through our site, we cannot be responsible for any use that a linked site may make of your information.
Declining Offers
If you do not want to receive posted or e-mail offers from us, please let us know by sending us an e-mail message at webadministrator@darlingtravel.com telling us that you do not want to receive offers. Our e-mailed offers include instructions for un-subscribing from e-mailed offers. If you want to be removed from our postal mailing list, please provide us with our complete name and address.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
You have the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to us. To update the information retained about you, or to deactivate your account, please send an e-mail message to webadminstrator@darlingtravel.com.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy. We may also change the Policy from time to time, so please be sure to visit this site often to see if anything has changed. If we post changes and you continue to use the site, you will be deemed to have agreed to the changes.