https://105eoc.com/spares/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Home » Spares » Terms & Conditions
Ford Anglia 105E Spares Ltd
Some items are Pattern Parts or the nearest available equivalent – operator skill may be required to fit.
This list contains all of our current stock parts, new or reconditioned.
The prices shown include Postage & Packaging (for deliveries to UK Mainland – overseas orders are subject to additional P&P costs). When ordering, you must use the part number shown to the left of the parts description. If a surcharge is shown, you must send it with your order – although no such deposit is required if an exchange part is sent with the order.
Any postage charges shown are calculated based upon the destination country and approximate sizes & weights listed against item(s). Items may fit together when packaged better than the calculations suggest, and therefore the actual package price may be lower than charged at checkout. Any difference will not be refunded. By purchasing, you agree to being charged the calculated and displayed postage price. We reserve the right to use an alternative but reasonably equivalent delivery service if the selected service is unavailable for any reason.
We aim to deliver orders as soon as is practical, and usually within 28 days. Please remember that this is a volunteer run service, and it is not always possible to process orders immediately.
Due to insurance stipulations, we are at present unable to deliver parts to members in the United States & Canada.
All claims must be made in writing (by post or email) within 7 (seven) days of invoice date. Faulty items must be returned within 7 (seven) days of receipt. No liability can be accepted for injury, damage, or loss caused by failure of any item supplied. Where items are re-manufactured, liability for injury, damage or loss shall pass direct to the manufacturer of the said item. Title of goods contained on the invoice shall not pass to the purchaser until full payment has been received. Surcharge made pending return of ‘exchange part/s’ within 28 (twenty eight) days from invoice date. Upon receipt of ‘exchange’ part/s accompanied by surcharge return slip, a full refund will be issued. We reserve the right to reject returned unserviceable ‘exchange’ parts. E.&.O.E. All returned items (except faulty and exchange/surcharge parts) are subject to a 15% handling charge.
We are only able to sell parts to current Club Members.
Registered Office:
443 Ashley Road
Parkstone
Poole
Dorset
BH14 0AX
Company Registered No: 3289842
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience:
Find out more.Okay, thank you