https://4door.com/privacy_statement.html
TAYLOR AUTOMOTIVE TECH-LINE
HOME
ABOUT US       ENROLLMENT      TAT MEMBERS
REPAIR INFORMATION      REPAIR MANUALS     MVMA     TRAINING     LINKS     CONTACT
go back
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This privacy statement
discloses the privacy practices for www.4door.com of Taylor Automotive Tech-Line
(TAT).
Information Collection and Use
TAT is the sole owner of the
information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this
information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this
statement. TAT collects information from our users at several different points
on our website.
Providing E-Mail Address
In order to receive e-mail confirmation of
order and special notifications, a user must first provide their e-mail address.
A user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email
address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our
site for which they have expressed interest. It is optional for the user to
provide demographic information (such as Vehicle Identification Number), and
unique identifiers (such as vehicle owned), but encouraged so we can provide a
more personalized experience on our site.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. Here
a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and
financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This
information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we
have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in
touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive
containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to
any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes
their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie
on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once,
thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may
still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited
in some areas of our site. For example, cookies can enable us to track and
target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the
site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for
aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable
information.
Sharing
We do not share your personal information with
anyone.
We use a credit card processing company to bill users for goods
and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally
identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware
that we TAT are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy
statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable
information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by
this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests
information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys
or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether
or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact
information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information
(such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the
winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of
monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This website takes precautions to protect our users’
information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your
information is protected off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information
(such as credit card number),  we do everything in our power to protect
user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive
information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who
need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk
or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally
identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our
security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies
are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we
place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is
protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable
information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked environment
with an electronic security system.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can
SPAM
You will not receive unsolicited advertisement email from TAT.
Out of respect for the privacy of our users we do not practice unsolicited email
(SPAM) of any kind.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and service
announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service
announcements, which contain important information about the service. We
communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues
relating to their account via email or phone.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy,
we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what
information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, how we
disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable
information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected,
we will notify users by way of email. Users will have a choice as to whether or
not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information
in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.