http://aamodtsballoons.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy and Refund Policy
REFUND POLICY
Your Flight Certificate value never expires but we want to stress the importance of trying to get on the calendar as soon and as often as you can.
We want to be very honest about the following point…Hot air ballooning is very weather permitting. Flight Certificates are non-refundable but are transferable. It can take multiple attempts to get a date that is “flyable” because of our wonderful Minnesota weather. Scheduling could take months depending upon your availability. If you do not schedule your flight at least 5 times a year, after 2 years you will be required to pay any price difference up to the current regular price. Our policies are enforced because almost all of the costs in ballooning happen before your flight takes place. This is why it is so important for you to be available for as many dates as possible in the first 2 years of your certificate life.
All of this being said, I have never had anyone leave saying that the experience was not worth any wait due to weather. Your safety will always be our number one concern.
Feel free to call if you have any questions 651-351-0101
PRIVACY POLICY
When placing orders: Any information you submit to us when placing an order is used only for purposes of fulfilling that order.
We will not contact you except as necessary to fulfill the order, unless you ask us to do so.
We will not add you to our e-mail list unless you give us explicit permission to do so.
We will not share, sell, or give away your personal information, unless required to do so by law (for instance, if you should be a target of a criminal investigation).
Mailing list and e-mail list: We will add you to our mailing list and e-mail list only if you give us explicit permission to do so. Placing an order with us or contacting us will not result in your being added to either list. We will remove you from these lists any time you request us to do so. We do not share, sell or give away your personal information.