http://abadal.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
In accordance with current legislation on the Protection of Personal Data, personal data is understood as “any information concerning identified or identifiable individuals”.
ROQUETA ORIGEN located in Masia Roqueta, s / n 08279 Santa Maria d’Horta d’Avinyó, Barcelona Tel: +34 93 874 35 11 – Fax: +34 93 873 72 04 or email info@roquetaorigen.com complies with the requirements established in the current legislation on Protection of Personal Data and applicable regulations.
The owner of the electronic commerce of the website www.abadal.net and who will issue the invoices is:
Owner: Bodegas Abadal, S.L.
VAT No. B65206682 registered in the Mercantile Register of the Mercantile Registry of Barcelona, in volume 41622, page 35, page B 391174, entry 1.
Registered office: MASIA OLIVERES, s/n 08279 Santa Maria d’Horta d’ Avinyó (Barcelona)
Tel. +34 93 874 35 11 – fax +34 93 873 72 04
Email: info@abadal.net
The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform the User about the personal data protection policy for the website www.roquetaorigen.com (hereinafter, “Website”) to allow the User to freely and voluntarily determine if he or she wishes to provide ROQUETA ORIGEN with personal data that may be gathered or obtained from the User when accessing the Website.
Personal data
The only personal data that ROQUETA ORIGEN will have access to will be those that the User provides voluntarily. In this sense, it is necessary that the User knows that to access some services offered on the Website, personal data will be requested. If you do not provide the requested data, you cannot access or use the aforementioned services and contents.
ROQUETA ORIGEN will store data provided by the User and automatically obtained data for an indefinite period and for the correct use of the application.
In compliance with the provisions of current legislation on data protection, ROQUETA ORIGEN informs the User that, by accepting this Privacy Policy and by filling in forms, the User accepts that his or her personal data are included and managed in one or several files, duly registered with the Data Protection Agency (or the competent authority) whose ownership and responsibility corresponds to ROQUETA ORIGEN, in order to provide requested services and information, to conduct surveys and to communicate any information that may be of interest to the User, as well as to perform personnel selection management in the case of having sent a résumé or CV. Therefore, it is important that the data provided be true, honest and lawful. ROQUETA ORIGEN reserves the right to exclude Users from the services should they provide false information, without prejudice to the initiation of legal actions, thereby undertaking to inform ROQUETA ORIGEN of changes in personal data so that they may be updated at all times.
In relation to access to the online store for the purchase of wine tourism activities, personal data will be dealt with in order to manage and control the billing of orders and activities carried out by the user and manage the surveys and complaints regarding the purchase or service performed.
Therefore, by accepting this Privacy Policy, the User accepts its content and gives express consent to process personal data provided for the purposes indicated above.
On the other hand, please note that Users are required to fill in all fields on the forms, and should any of these fields be omitted, it is possible that the Users request will not be met, unless the form itself contains data that has been completed voluntarily.
Likewise, when the User provides his or her personal data using the contact e-mail that may appear on the Website, he or she is expressly authorizing ROQUETA ORIGEN to process his or her Personal Data in order to attend to the User’s request for services.
In accordance with current legislation, ROQUETA ORIGEN has adopted the necessary technical and organisational measures to maintain the security level, due confidentiality and secrecy required to prevent, as far as possible, unauthorised access, illicit removal, modifications and loss of data that has been facilitated via the Website.
The purpose of accepting and voluntarily registering to our newsletter or bulletin / roqueta / origin or Abadal Friends Club (wine tourism) is to inform the User of activities as well as products and any information related to the world of wine that may be of interest to the User and allow him or her to enjoy the advantages of being a member of Abadal Friends Club. Therefore, if the User accepts the check box, he or she is expressly consenting that data can be treated for the afore-mentioned purposes and are always revocable, but not retroactive, in nature in accordance with existing legislation.
Personal data provided will be stored as long as the commercial relationship is maintained or the User is still registered with the newsletter / bulletin / roqueta origin or of Abadal Friends Club and, unless the User has formally requested that data be removed or deleted. ROQUETA ORIGEN
S.L. will store the data provided in the contact form for a period of one year beginning on the date when the final request, inquiry or claim
is made by the interested party, and always for the maximum legal period permitted in the event of any type of incidence in the exercise of the right to make claims or take legal action against Roqueta Origen S.L.
Finally, the User may exercise the rights to access, rectification, deletion and objection according to the terms indicated in the data protection regulations, by contacting ROQUETA ORIGEN at Masia Roqueta, s / n 08279 Santa Maria d’Horta d’Avinyó, Barcelona Tel: +34 93 874 35 11 – Fax: +34 93 873 72 04 or Email: info@roquetaorigen.com
MINORS
On its Website, ROQUETA ORIGEN will not collect or process personal data for children under the age of eighteen (18).
ROQUETA ORIGEN reserves the right to verify, by the means it deems most appropriate, the real age of any user who has disclosed data on the Website and, where appropriate, deny the User access to the services offered and proceed to cancel and delete user rights. However, as it is extremely complicated to determine the real age of people who disclose data on the Website, if you discover that a child in your charge has proceeded to make such a disclosure, please contact ROQUETA ORIGEN at the following email address: info @ roquetaorigen.com
This website uses its own and third party cookies; therefore if you continue to browse and use this website, we consider that you agree to accept these cookies.
You can change your settings or get more information by clicking here.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
×
×
×
×