http://abateofaz.org/store/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – ABATE Store
Shop
Join or Renew Membership
Cart
Checkout
My Account
Shop
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use – 4 April 2020 – Revision 2
At ABATEofAZ.org and ABATEofAZ.us (the “Websites”) we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy and Terms of Use document (the “Policy”) explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site and how we use cookies on this Websites.
We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly.
Information That We Collect
In running and maintaining our Websites we may collect and process the following data about you:
We may collect anonymous information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
Information provided voluntarily by For example, when you join, update your membership or make a purchase.
Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any
Use of Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer in order to assist us in improving our Websites.
We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally; it is statistical data which does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our Websites.
You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This
can be done within the “settings” section of your computer. For more information please read the advice at AboutCookies.org. Note that disabling cookies may render certain parts of our Websites inoperable.
Use of Your Information
We use the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you. In addition to this we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or
To provide information to you relating to other topics that may be of interest to you. Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such
To inform you of any changes to our Websites, services or goods and
To provide you with any services that may be a benefit of being a member, such as Accidental Death and Dismemberment
If you have previously purchased goods or services from us, we may provide to you details of similar goods or services, or other goods and services, that you may be interested in.
Storing Your Personal Data
In operating our Websites, it may become necessary to store data that we collect from you in our online database. By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We do our utmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is stored securely.
Unfortunately, the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically, sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
We do NOT store any credit card information on our Websites, databases or servers. Credit Card data is gathered and processed by a third-party processing service. You may elect to have your card stored with them for future use, but we recommend against that practice.
Disclosing Your Information
We never give your details to third parties or use your data to enable them to provide you with information regarding unrelated goods or services that are not an advertised benefit of membership and we will never sell your details to anyone, ever.
We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:
Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal
To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of
If you are a member, or join as a member, to a single, third party, insurance vendor that will provide you with a free Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance Policy.
Third Party Links
On occasion we include links to third parties on these Websites. Where we provide a link, it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policies towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.
Access to Information
ABATE of AZ believes you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you. Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee of $10 to cover costs incurred by us in providing you with the information.
Changes to this Document
ABATE of AZ has the discretion to update this Policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the date at the top of this page. We encourage visitors/members to
frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information, we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this Policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use our Websites. Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of changes to this Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Policy via email at administrator@abateofaz.us.
Search for:
Search
Product Categories
Hats
Shirts
Signs
Uncategorized
Cart
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 2015-2020 ABATE of Arizona. All Rights Reserved.
Designed by Web Designs Arizona.