https://abavela.com/en/privacy.html
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect information from you only when you place an order (booking). When booking a boat you will be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, phone number and address. If you choose to pay with a credit card then you will be asked for credit card information. The customer has the right to access, modify or delete at any moment his private data by writing an e-mail to contact@abavela.com
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
The information we collect will be used to create invoices that will be sent to your email address to confirm your booking. We may use your email address to sent you our annual newsletter.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorised with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
DO WE USE COOKIES?
No, we do not.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
CHARTERER'S RESPONSIBILITIES
For charterer’s acts and/or neglect for which the ABA VELA is responsible to a third party, charterer will cover all expenses to ABA VELA for material and legal costs resulting from his acts and/or neglect. Charterer is particularly responsible in case the vessel is sized by officials on the basis of illegal action.
In case of collision with other boat or land, or any other type of accident charterer will record course of events, contact ABAVELA and closest authorised officials and request the necessary written certificate from Harbour Office. In case of vessel seizure or prohibition of further sailing by Government official or other person charterer is obliged to immediately notify ABA VELA. The costs of damaged made on vessel or its equipment are to be covered by charterer. Charterer is obliged to check the oil in the engine every day, damages resulting from the lack of oil in the engine will also be covered by charterer. Underwater portion of vessel will be inspected at the end of charter, charterer being responsible for any damage.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
CHILDREN ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.abavela.com
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on 30.03.2016.
CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us with email on address contact@abavela.com.