https://abbottsglen.com/privacy-policy/
Home Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyWho we areupdated 6/25/18This page outlines the Privacy Policy of Abbott’s Glen (“us,” “we,” “our,”) – https://abbottsglen.com. It explains how we collect, use or disclose any personal information from users or visitors (“you”) of this site. By using this site, you agree with the terms outlined in this policy. If you disagree with these terms, please do not use our website. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy at any time and will add a notice to this page whenever this policy is updated.How We Collect and Use Personal DataWhen you contact us through this website, we receive your email address and any other information you provide in doing so. This information is only used to respond to your email and is not shared with any third party, except for what may be necessary to complete a booking or online transaction as requested by you.Newsletter and CommentsYou can opt in to our newsletter and mailing list by submitting your email through this form. You can unsubscribe by following the link at the end of any newsletter. We use a third-party service for email newsletter subscriptions, which helps us track behavioral data such as opt-ins, opens and clicks on links. This is achieved by using one the best marketing tools for SMBs to get their marketing communication on-point and accurate.When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data submitted in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWe use tracking services, such as Google Analytics, as well as cookies on this website to collect anonymous visitor statistics and traffic data. This can include information such as IP address, type of browser, date and time of visit, specific pages visited, time spent on the website, and other measures of site activity. We do not use tracking technology to collect any personal information about our users or visitors.Protecting Your DataRegarding any personal information from our users or visitors, we do not share this with any third party (unless we are ever required to do so by law or legal obligation). We also do not sell personal information.We take all necessary measures to protect and secure your personal data online and offline. Only owners and employees or representatives of Abbott’s Glen may have access to your personal data in order to do their jobs and serve you as a customer. Any sensitive information collected online, such as credit card numbers, is only transmitted over a secure connection.What rights you have over your dataWe retain personal data indefinitely for our own administrative purposes and to better serve you as a visitor or customer in the future. You may contact us at any time in order to be removed from our mailing list / future communications or to request any of the following: What personal data we have for you, to make corrections or changes to this data, to have this data deleted, and to express any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data.You may contact us through this website via email regarding any privacy issues or concerns.Comments are closed.