https://aboardtheworld.com/legal/
Legal
TERMS OF SERVICE
All persons accessing and / or using this website agree to the following terms and conditions.
Ownership and Usage Restrictions
All rights, including copyrights, to this website and its contents are owned by The World and its affiliates (hereinafter referred to as “The World”) or third parties who have licensed such rights to The World. The contents of this website may not be copied, republished, distributed, altered or used for any purpose except as explicitly set forth in this website or approved in writing by The World.
Disclaimer
All content and information on this website is subject to change without notice. This website may contain links to other websites. The World makes no representation or warranty and disclaims any responsibility or liability with respect to such other websites and their content.
The content and information on this website is provided ‘as is’ without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringements or expectation of privacy. The World makes no representation or warranty of any kind with respect to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the content and information contained on this website. The World shall not be liable for any loss, injury, damage or liability of any kind arising from any use or inability to use this website or any other website.
Submitted Information
The World is free to use and exploit in any legal manner and for any legal purpose any information sent to this website by any person accessing and/or using this website. Please refer to the Privacy Policy section of this website for further details on the collection and use of website user information.
Terms and Conditions for Residence, Visits and Passage on The World
Residence on the M/V The World is subject to the terms and conditions of the Residence Agreement, the Ship Rules and the Terms of Carriage of The World.
Visits to and passage on the M/V The World by Guests of Residents of the M/V The World is subject to the terms and conditions of the Ship Rules and the Terms of Carriage of The World.
Visits to and passage on the M/V The World by those renting accommodations on the M/V The World and their guests is subject to the terms and conditions of the Ship Rules and the Contract of Passage of The World. Copies of these terms and conditions may be obtained upon written request by those persons seriously considering residence, rental stay or guest visitation on the M/V The World.
Terms of Carriage:  Click here to view
Destination Experiences and Overnight Programming:  Click here to download
Security Guide:  The World voluntarily complies with the Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010.  The World Security & Safety Guide is made available to our Residents & Guests.
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve our website and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and throughout other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Cookie Policy.
×