https://adamscountywinery.com/privacy-security/
The Farm Winery
251 Peach Tree RoadOrrtanna, PA 17353
(717) 334-4631
Gettysburg Wine Shop
25 Chambersburg St.Gettysburg, PA 17325
(717) 334-1381
Visit Us
Terrace Bistro
The Farm Winery
Gettysburg Wine Shop
Book A Tour
Shop Our Wines
Seasonal Wines
Find Our Wines
Wine Club
Events
About Us
Blog
Privacy, Security & Equal Employment Opportunity Policies
Privacy Policy
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone.
Security Policy
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
Adams County Winery provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Adams County Winery complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.  This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, employee benefits and application of policies, compensation and training.
Adams County Winery expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.  Improper interference with the ability of Adams County Winery’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.
© 2020 Adams County Winery | AccessibilityWebsite by: