http://adap.com/en/privacy
AdapAbout usResearchCareersContactPrivacy PolicyPreamble
With the following privacy policy we would like to inform you which types of your personal data (hereinafter also abbreviated as " data") we process for which purposes and in which scope. The privacy statement applies to all processing of personal data carried out by us, both in the context of providing our services and in particular on our websites, in mobile applications and within external online presences, such as our social media profiles (hereinafter collectively referred to as "online services").
The terms used are not gender-specific.
Last Update: 10. March 2020Table of contents PreambleControllerOverview of processing operationsLegal Bases for the ProcessingSecurity PrecautionsTransmission and Disclosure of Personal DataData Processing in Third CountriesUse of CookiesCommercial ServicesRegistration, Login and User AccountSingle Sign-on AuthenticationBlogs and publication mediaContacting usCommunication via MessengerOnline Conferences, Meetings and WebinarsSurveys and QuestionnairesProvision of online services and web hostingJob Application ProcessCloud ServicesNewsletter and Broadcast CommunicationCommercial communication by E-Mail, Postal Mail, Fax or TelephoneWeb Analysis and OptimizationOnlinemarketingProfiles in Social NetworksPlugins and embedded functions and contentErasure of dataChanges and Updates to the Privacy PolicyRights of Data SubjectsTerminology and DefinitionsController Taner TopalAdap GmbHc/o MedienhofPoelchaukamp 7B22301 HamburgGermany
Authorised Representatives: Daniel Beutel
E-mail address: privacy@adap.com
Legal Notice: https://adap.com/en/imprint
Overview of processing operationsThe following table summarises the types of data processed, the purposes for which they are processed and the concerned data subjects.Categories of Processed Data
Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses).Job applicant details (e.g. Personal data, postal and contact addresses and the documents pertaining to the application and the information contained therein, such as cover letter, curriculum vitae, certificates, etc., as well as other information on the person or qualifications of applicants provided with regard to a specific job or voluntarily by applicants).Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos).Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers).Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times).Location data (Data that indicates the location of the end device of an end user).Contract data (e.g. contract object, duration, customer category).Payment Data (e.g. bank details, invoices, payment history).Special Categories of DataData revealing racial or ethnic origin.Categories of Data SubjectsEmployees (e.g. Employees, job applicants).Job applicants.Business and contractual partners.Prospective customers.Communication partner (Recipients of e-mails, letters, etc.).Customers.Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services).Purposes of ProcessingAuthentication processes.Provision of our online services and usability.Conversion Tracking.Job Application Process (Establishment and possible later execution as well as possible later termination of the employment relationship.).Office and organisational procedures.Content Delivery Network (CDN).Cross-Device Tracking (Device-independent processing of user data for marketing purposes).Direct marketing
(e.g. by e-mail or postal).Feedback (e.g. collecting feedback via online form).Interest-based and behavioral marketing.contact requests and communication.Conversion tracking (Measurement of the effectiveness of marketing activities).Profiling (Creating user profiles).Remarketing.Web Analytics (e.g. access statistics, recognition of returning visitors).Security measures.Targeting (e.g. profiling based on interests and behaviour, use of cookies).Server monitoring and error detection.Contractual services and support.Managing and responding to inquiries.Legal Bases for the ProcessingIn the following we inform you about the legal basis of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), on the basis of which we process personal data. Please note that, in addition to the regulations of the GDPR, the national data protection regulations may apply in your country or in our country of residence or domicile. If, in addition, more specific legal bases are applicable in individual cases, we will inform you of these in the data protection declaration.
Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR) - The data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes.Performance of a contract and prior requests (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR) - Performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract.Compliance with a legal obligation (Article 6 (1) (c) GDPR) - Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the controller is subject.Pprotection of vital interests (Article 6 (1) (d) GDPR) - Processing is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person.Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR) - Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data.Article 9 (1)(b) GDPR (job application process as a pre-contractual or contractual relationship) (If special categories of personal data within the meaning of Article 9 (1) GDPR (e.g. health data, such as severely handicapped status or ethnic origin) are requested from applicants within the framework of the application procedure, so that the responsible person or the person concerned can carry out the obligations and exercising specific rights of the controller or of the data subject in the field of employment and social security and social protection law, their processing shall be carried out in accordance with Article 9 (2)(b) GDPR , in the case of the protection of vital interests of applicants or other persons on the basis of Article 9 (1)(c) GDPR
or for the purposes of preventive health care or occupational medicine, for the assessment of the employee's ability to work, for medical diagnostics, care or treatment in the health or social sector or for the administration of systems and services in the health or social sector in accordance with Article 9 (1)(d) GDPR. In the case of a communication of special categories of data based on voluntary consent, their processing is carried out on the basis of Article 9 (1)(a) GDPR.) - .National data protection regulations in Germany: In addition to the data protection regulations of the General Data Protection Regulation, national regulations apply to data protection in Germany. This includes in particular the Law on Protection against Misuse of Personal Data in Data Processing (Federal Data Protection Act - BDSG). In particular, the BDSG contains special provisions on the right to access, the right to erase, the right to object, the processing of special categories of personal data, processing for other purposes and transmission as well as automated individual decision-making, including profiling. Furthermore, it regulates data processing for the purposes of the employment relationship (§ 26 BDSG), in particular with regard to the establishment, execution or termination of employment relationships as well as the consent of employees. Furthermore, data protection laws of the individual federal states may apply.
Security PrecautionsWe take appropriate technical and organisational measures in accordance with the legal requirements, taking into account the
state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons, in order to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk.
The measures include, in particular, safeguarding the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data by controlling physical and electronic access to the data as well as access to, input, transmission, securing and separation of the data. In addition, we have established procedures to ensure that data subjects' rights are respected, that data is erased, and that we are prepared to respond to data threats rapidly. Furthermore, we take the protection of personal data into account as early as the development or selection of hardware, software and service providers, in accordance with the principle of privacy by design and privacy by default.
SSL encryption (https): In order to protect your data transmitted via our online services in the best possible way, we use SSL encryption. You can recognize such encrypted connections by the prefix https:// in the address bar of your browser.
Transmission and Disclosure of Personal DataIn the context of our processing of personal data, it may happen that the data is transferred to other places, companies or persons or that it is disclosed to them. Recipients of this data may include, for example, payment institutions within the context of payment transactions, service providers commissioned with IT tasks or providers of services and content that are embedded in a website. In such a case, the legal requirements will be respected and in particular corresponding contracts or agreements, which serve the protection of your data, will be concluded with the recipients of your data.
Data Transfer within the Organization: We may transfer or otherwise provide access to personal information to other locations within our organization. Insofar as this disclosure is for administrative purposes, the disclosure of the data is based on our legitimate business and economic interests or otherwise, if it is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations or if the consent of those concerned or otherwise a legal permission is present.
Data Processing in Third CountriesIf we process data in a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA)) or the processing takes place in the context of the use of third party services or disclosure or transfer of data to other persons, bodies or companies, this will only take place in accordance with the legal requirements.
Subject to express consent or transfer required by contract or law, we process or have processed the data only in third countries with a recognised level of data protection, which includes US processors certified under the "Privacy Shield" or on the basis of special guarantees, such as a contractual obligation through so-called standard protection clauses of the EU Commission, the existence of certifications or binding internal data protection regulations (Article 44 to 49 GDPR, information page of the EU Commission: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection_en).
Use of CookiesCookies are text files that contain data from visited websites or domains and are stored by a browser on the user's computer. A cookie is primarily used to store information about a user during or after his visit within an online service. The information stored can include, for example, the language settings on a website, the login status, a shopping basket or the location where a video was viewed. The term "cookies" also includes other technologies that fulfil the same functions as cookies (e.g. if user information is stored using pseudonymous online identifiers, also referred to as "user IDs").
The following types and functions of cookies are distinguished:Temporary cookies (also: session cookies): Temporary cookies are deleted at the latest after a user has left an online service and closed his browser.Permanent cookies: Permanent cookies remain stored even after closing the browser. For example, the login status can be saved or preferred content can be displayed directly when the user visits a website again. The interests of users who are used for range measurement or marketing purposes can also be stored in such a cookie.First-Party-Cookies: First-Party-Cookies are set by ourselves.Third party cookies: Third party cookies are mainly used by advertisers (so-called third parties) to process user information.Necessary (also: essential) cookies: Cookies can be necessary for the operation of a website (e.g. to save logins or other user inputs or for security reasons).Statistics, marketing and personalisation cookies: Cookies are also generally used to measure a website's reach and when a user's interests or behaviour (e.g. viewing certain content, using functions, etc.) are stored on individual websites in a user profile. Such profiles are used, for example, to display content to users that corresponds to their potential interests. This procedure is also referred to as "tracking", i.e. tracking the potential interests of users. . If we use cookies or "tracking" technologies, we will inform you separately in our privacy policy or in the context of obtaining consent.Information on legal basis: The legal basis on which we process your personal data with the help of cookies depends on whether we ask you for your consent. If this applies and you consent to the use of cookies, the legal basis for processing your data is your declared consent. Otherwise, the data processed with the help of cookies will be processed on the basis of our legitimate interests (e.g. in a business operation of our online service and its improvement) or, if the use of cookies is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations.
General information on Withdrawal of consent and objection (Opt-Out): Respective of whether processing is based on consent or legal permission, you have the option at any time to object to the processing of your data using cookie technologies or to revoke consent (collectively referred to as "opt-out"). You can initially explain your objection using the settings of your browser, e.g. by deactivating the use of cookies (which may also restrict the functionality of our online services). An objection to the use of cookies for online marketing purposes can be raised for a large number of services, especially in the case of tracking, via the websites https://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and https://www.youronlinechoices.com. In addition, you can receive further information on objections in the context of the information on the used service providers and cookies.
Processing Cookie Data on the Basis of Consent: Before we process or have processed data within the context of the usage of cookies, we ask the users for their consent, which can be revoked at any time. Before the consent has not been given, we may use cookies that are necessary for the operation of our online services. Their use is based on our interest and the user's interest in the expected functionality of our online services.
Processed data types: Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).Data subjects: Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services).Legal Basis: Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Commercial ServicesWe process data of our contractual and business partners, e.g. customers and interested parties (collectively referred to as "contractual partners") within the context of contractual and comparable legal relationships as well as associated actions and communication with the contractual partners or pre-contractually, e.g. to answer inquiries.
We process this data in order to fulfil our contractual obligations, safeguard our rights and for the purposes of the administrative tasks associated with this data and the business-related organisation. We will only pass on the data of the contractual partners within the scope of the applicable law to third parties insofar as this is necessary for the aforementioned purposes or for the fulfilment of legal obligations or with the consent of the contractual partners (e.g. telecommunications, transport and other auxiliary services as well as subcontractors, banks, tax and legal advisors, payment service providers or tax authorities). The contractual partners will be informed about further processing, e.g. for marketing purposes, as part of this privacy policy.
Which data are necessary for the aforementioned purposes, we inform the contracting partners before or in the context of the data collection, e.g. in on-line forms by special marking (e.g. colors), and/or symbols (e.g. asterisks or the like), or personally.
We delete the data after expiry of statutory warranty and comparable obligations, i.e. in principle after expiry of 4 years, unless the data is stored in a customer account or must be kept for legal reasons of archiving (e.g., as a rule 10 years for tax purposes). In the case of data disclosed to us by the contractual partner within the context of an assignment, we delete the data in accordance with the specifications of the assignment, in general after the end of the assignment.
If we use third-party providers or platforms to provide our services, the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or platforms shall apply in the relationship between the users and the providers.
Customer Account: Contractual partners can create a customer or user account. If the registration of a customer account is required, contractual partnerswill be informed of this as well as of the details required for registration. The customer accounts are not public and cannot be indexed by search engines. In the course of registration and subsequent registration and use of the customer account, we store the IP addresses of the contractual partners along with the access times, in order to be able to prove the registration and prevent any misuse of the customer account.
If customers have terminated their customer account, their data will be deleted with regard to the customer account, subject to their retention is required for legal reasons. It is the responsibility of the customer to secure their data upon termination of the customer account.
Economic Analyses and Market Research: For economic reasons and in order to be able to recognise market trends, wishes of contractual partners and users, we analyse the data available to us on business transactions, contracts, enquiries, etc., whereby the persons concerned may include contractual partners, interested parties, customers, visitors and users of our online service.
The analyses are carried out for the purpose of business evaluations, marketing and market research (for example, to determine customer groups with different characteristics). If available, we can take into account the profiles of registered users with information, e.g. on the services they have used. The analyses serve us alone and are not disclosed externally unless they are anonymous analyses with summarised, i.e. anonymised values. Furthermore, we respect the privacy of the users and process the data for analysis purposes as pseudonymously as possible and if possible anonymously (e.g. as summarized data).
Agency Services: We process the data of our customers within the scope of our contractual services, which may include e.g. conceptual and strategic consulting, campaign planning, software and design development / consulting or maintenance, implementation of campaigns and processes, handling, server administration, data analysis / consulting services and training services.
Education and Training Services: We process the data of the participants of our education and training programmes (uniformly referred to as " students") in order to provide them with our educational and training services. The data processed, the type, scope and purpose of the processing and the necessity of its processing are determined by the underlying contractual and educational relationship. The processing also includes the performance evaluation and evaluation of our services and the teachers and instructors.
As part of our activities, we may also process special categories of data, in particular information on the health of persons undergoing training or further training and data revealing ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical convictions. To this end, we obtain, if necessary, the express consent of the students to be trained and further educated and process the special categories of data otherwise only if it is necessary for the provision of training services, for purposes of health care, social protection or protection of vital interests of the students to be trained and further educated.
Insofar as it is necessary for the fulfilment of our contract, for the protection of vital interests or by law, or with the consent of the trainees, we disclose or transfer the data of the students to third parties or agents, e.g. public authorities or in the field of IT, office or comparable services, in compliance with the requirements of professional law.
Coaching: We process the data of our clients and interested parties and other clients or contractual partners (uniformly referred to as "clients") in order to provide them with our services. The data processed, the type, scope and purpose of their processing and the necessity of their processing are determined by the underlying contractual and client relationship.
Within the scope of our services, we may also process special categories of data, here in particular information on the health of clients, possibly with reference to their sexual life or sexual orientation and data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs.
To this end, we obtain the express consent of clients where necessary and process the special categories of data otherwise for the purposes of health care, if the data is public or wit an other legal persmission.
Insofar as it is necessary for the fulfilment of our contractual obligations, the protection of vital interests or by law, or with theclients's consent, we disclose or transfer the clients's data to third parties or agents, such as public authorities, accounting offices and in the field of IT, office or comparable services, in compliance with professional regulations.
Consulting: We process the data of our clients, clients as well as interested parties and other clients or contractual partners (uniformly referred to as "clients") in order to provide them with our consulting services. The data processed, the type, scope and purpose of the processing and the necessity of its processing are determined by the underlying contractual and client relationship.
Insofar as it is necessary for the fulfilment of our contract, for the protection of vital interests or by law, or with the consent of the client, we disclose or transfer the client's data to third parties or agents, such as authorities, courts, subcontractors or in the field of IT, office or comparable services, taking into account the professional requirements.
Mobile Application: We process the data of the users of our apps, registered and any test users (hereinafter uniformly referred to as "users") in order to provide them with our contractual services and on the basis of legitimate interests to ensure the security of our app and to develop it further. The required details are identified as such within the scope of the conclusion of a contract for the use of the apps, the conclusion of an order, an order or a comparable contract and may include the details required for the provision of services and any invoicing as well as contact information in order to be able to hold any consultations. If our apps are purchased from platforms of other app suppliers (e.g. Apple's App Store or GooglePlay), the terms and conditions and data protection notices of the respective platforms apply in the relationship between the users and the app suppliers.
Project and Development Services: We process the data of our customers and clients (hereinafter uniformly referred to as "customers") in order to enable them to select, acquire or commission the selected services or works as well as associated activities and to pay for and make available such services or works or to perform such services or works.
The required information is indicated as such within the framework of the conclusion of the agreement, order or equivalent contract and includes the information required for the provision of services and invoicing as well as contact information in order to be able to hold any consultations. Insofar as we gain access to the information of end customers, employees or other persons, we process it in accordance with the legal and contractual requirements.
Publishing Activities: We process the data of our contact partners, interviewed persons and other persons who are the subject of our editorial, journalistic and related activities. Here we refer to the validity of protection regulations of freedom of opinion and freedom of the press according to Article 85 GDPR in connection with the respective national laws. The processing serves us the fulfilment of order activities and is otherwise based in particular on the interest of the general public in information and media products.
Software and Platform Services: We process the data of our users, registered and any test users (hereinafter uniformly referred to as "users") in order to provide them with our contractual services and on the basis of legitimate interests to ensure the security of our offer and to develop it further. The required details are identified as such within the context of the conclusion of the agreement, order or comparable contract and include the details required for the provision of services and invoicing as well as contact information in order to be able to hold any further consultations.
Technical and Engineering services: We process the data of our customers and clients (hereinafter uniformly referred to as "customers") in order to enable them to select, acquire or commission the selected services or works as well as associated activities and to pay for and make available such services or works or to perform such services or works.
The required information is indicated as such within the framework of the conclusion of the agreement, order or equivalent contract and includes the information required for the provision of services and invoicing as well as contact information in order to be able to hold any consultations. Insofar as we gain access to the information of end customers, employees or other persons, we process it in accordance with the legal and contractual requirements.
Events: We process the data of the participants of the events, events and similar activities offered or organized by us (hereinafter uniformly referred to as "participants" and "events") in order to enable them to participate in the events and to make use of the services or actions associated with their participation.
Insofar as we process health-related data, religious, political or other special categories of data in this context, this is done within the framework of disclosure (e.g. for thematically oriented events or serves health care, security or is done with the consent of the data subjects).
The necessary information is identified as such in the context of the conclusion of the agreement, booking or comparable contract and includes the information required for the provision of services and billing as well as contact information in order to be able to hold any enquiries. Insofar as we gain access to information of end customers, employees or other persons, we process this in accordance with the legal and contractual requirements.
Commission-based matching and agency services: We process the information provided by interested parties as part of the request for agency for the purposes of establishing, implementing and, if necessary, terminating a contract for the brokerage of offers from providers of the requested products or services .
We use the contact data of the interested parties to specify their request by means of the agreed or otherwise permitted communication channel (e.g., telephone or e-mail) and to suggest suitable suppliers or offers based on the specified request. In addition, we can ask interested parties questions about the success of our agency services at a later point in time, in accordance with legal requirements.
We process the data of the interested parties, as well as the suppliers, to fulfil our contractual obligations, in order to link the enquiry of the interested parties submitted to us with the offers of the suppliers matching it and to forward it to the corresponding suppliers, or to recommend the suppliers.
We can record the entries in the online form sent by interested parties in order to be able to prove the existence of the contractual relationship and the consent of the interested parties in accordance with the statutory accountability obligations (Article 5 (2) GDPR). These details will be stored for a period of three to four years if we have to prove the original request (e.g. to be able to prove that we are entitled to contact the interested party).
Processed data types: Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses), Payment Data (e.g. bank details, invoices, payment history), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Contract data (e.g. contract object, duration, customer category), Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses), Location data (Data that indicates the location of the end device of an end user).Special categories of data: Health Data (Article 9 (1) GDPR), Data related to sexual preferences, sex life, and/or sexual orientation (Article 9 (1) GDPR), Rreligious or philosophical beliefs (Article 9 (1) GDPR), Data revealing racial or ethnic origin.Data subjects: Prospective customers, Business and contractual partners, Customers.Purposes of Processing: Contractual services and support, contact requests and communication, Office and organisational procedures, Managing and responding to inquiries, Security measures, Conversion Tracking, Interest-based and behavioral marketing, Profiling (Creating user profiles), Conversion tracking (Measurement of the effectiveness of marketing activities).Legal Basis: Performance of a contract and prior requests (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR), Compliance with a legal obligation (Article 6 (1) (c) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR), Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR).Registration, Login and User AccountUsers can create a user account. Within the scope of registration, the required mandatory information is communicated to the users and processed for the purposes of providing the user account on the basis of contractual fulfilment of obligations. The processed data includes in particular the login information (name, password and an e-mail address). The data entered during registration will be used for the purposes of using the user account and its purpose.
Users may be informed by e-mail of information relevant to their user account, such as technical changes. If users have terminated their user account, their data will be deleted with regard to the user account, subject to a statutory retention obligation. It is the responsibility of the users to secure their data before the end of the contract in the event of termination. We are entitled to irretrievably delete all user data stored during the term of the contract.
Within the scope of using our registration and login functions as well as the use of the user account, we store the IP address and the time of the respective user action. The storage is based on our legitimate interests, as well as the user's protection against misuse and other unauthorized use. This data will not be passed on to third parties unless it is necessary to pursue our claims or there is a legal obligation to do so.
Discussion Board: Participation in the discussion board requires a registration, in which a pseudonym as name, a password and the e-mail address, to which the access data are sent, must be indicated, subject to other information in the registration form. For security reasons, the password should be as complicated as possible (users will be notified of this during registration if necessary) and should not be used elsewhere.
Forum posts are visible to the public unless their visibility is limited to specific member or member groups. The contributions of the authors are stored with their names, if registered or indicated, the time and the entry content. In the case of registrations and the creation of entries, the IP addresses of the users are also stored if the entries have an inadmissible content and the IP addresses could be used for legal prosecution. The person responsible reserves the right to delete registrations and entries on the basis of an appropriate assessment.
Two-factor Authentication: Two-factor authentication provides an extra layer of security for your user account and ensures that only you can access your account, even if someone else knows your password.
For this purpose, in addition to your password, you must perform another authentication measure (e.g. enter a code sent to a mobile device - we will inform you about the procedure we use).
Processed data types: Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses), Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times).Data subjects: Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services).Purposes of Processing: Contractual services and support, Security measures, Managing and responding to inquiries.Legal Basis: Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Performance of a contract and prior requests (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Single Sign-on AuthenticationSingle Sign-On" or "Single Sign-On Authentication or Logon" are procedures that allow users to log in to our online services using a user account with a provider of Single Sign-On services (e.g. a social network). The prerequisite for Single Sign-On Authentication is that users are registered with the respective Single Sign-On provider and enter the required access data in the online form provided for this purpose, or are already logged in with the Single Sign-On provider and confirm the Single Sign-On login via the button.
Authentication takes place directly with the respective single sign-on provider. Within the scope of such authentication, we receive a user ID with the information that the user is logged in with the respective single sign-on provider under this user ID and an ID that cannot be used for other purposes (so-called "user handle"). Whether we receive further data depends solely on the single sign-on procedure used, the data releases selected as part of authentication and also which data users have released in the privacy or other settings of the user account with the single sign-on provider. Depending on the single sign-on provider and the user's choice, there can be different data, usually the e-mail address and the user name. The password entered by the single sign-on provider as part of the single sign-on procedure is neither visible to us nor is it stored by us.
Users are requested to note that their data stored with us can be automatically compared with their user account with the single sign-on provider, but this is not always possible or actual. If, for example, the e-mail addresses of users change, users must change these manually in their user account with us.
We can use single sign-on authentication, provided that it has been agreed with users in the context of pre-fulfillment or fulfilment of the contract, in the context of consent processing and otherwise use it on the basis of our legitimate interests and the interests of users in an effective and secure authentication system.
Should users decide to no longer want to use the link of their user account with the Single Sign-On provider for the Single Sign-On procedure, they must remove this link within their user account with the Single Sign-On provider. If users wish to delete their data from us, they must cancel their registration with us.
Processed data types: Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers).Data subjects: Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services).Purposes of Processing: Contractual services and support, Authentication processes.Legal Basis: Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Performance of a contract and prior requests (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Services and service providers being used:Apple Single-Sign-On: Authentication service; Service provider: Apple Inc., Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA; Website: https://www.apple.com; Privacy Policy: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/.Facebook Single-Sign-On: Authentication service; Service provider: https://www.facebook.com, Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irland, Mutterunternehmen: Facebook, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA; Website: https://www.facebook.com; Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active; Opt-Out: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.Google Single-Sign-On: Authentication service; Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website: https://www.google.com; Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active; Opt-Out: Settings for the Display of Advertisements: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.Instagram Single-Sign-On: Authentication service; Service provider: Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA; Website: https://www.instagram.com; Privacy Policy: https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy.Microsoft Single-Sign-On: Authentication service; Service provider: Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 USA; Website: https://www.microsoft.com; Privacy Policy: https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement, Security information: https://www.microsoft.com/de-de/trustcenter; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000KzNaAAK&status=Active.OpenID Single-Sign-On: Authentication service; Service provider: OpenID Foundation, 2400 Camino Ramon, Suite 375, San Ramon, CA 94583, USA; Website: https://openid.net; Privacy Policy: https://openid.net/foundation/policies/.Twitter Single-Sign-On: Authentication service; Service provider: Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA; Website: https://twitter.com; Privacy Policy: https://twitter.com/de/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TORzAAO&status=Active; Opt-Out: https://twitter.com/personalization.Blogs and publication mediaWe use blogos or comparable means of online communication and publication (hereinafter "publication medium"). Readers' data will only be processed for the purposes of the publication medium to the extent necessary for its presentation and communication between authors and readers or for security reasons. For the rest, we refer to the information on the processing of visitors to our publication medium within the scope of this privacy policy.
Comment subscriptions: When users leave comments or other contributions, their IP addresses may be stored based on our legitimate interests. This is done for our safety, if someone leaves illegal contents (insults, forbidden political propaganda, etc.) in comments and contributions. In this case, we ourselves can be prosecuted for the comment or contribution and are therefore interested in the author's identity.
Furthermore, we reserve the right to process user data for the purpose of spam detection on the basis of our legitimate interests.
On the same legal basis, in the case of surveys, we reserve the right to store the IP addresses of users for the duration of the surveys and to use cookies in order to avoid multiple votes.
The personal information provided in the course of comments and contributions, any contact and website information as well as the content information will be stored permanently by us until the user objects.
Comment subscriptions: Follow-up comments can be subscribed to by users with their consent. Users will receive a confirmation email to verify that they are the owner of the email address entered. Users can unsubscribe from current comment subscriptions at any time. The confirmation email will contain information on the cancellation options. For the purposes of proving the users' consent, we store the time of registration along with the users' IP address and delete this information when users unsubscribe from the subscription.
You can cancel the receipt of our subscription at any time, i.e. revoke your consent. We may store the unsubscribed email addresses for up to three years based on our legitimate interests before deleting them to provide evidence of prior consent. The processing of these data is limited to the purpose of a possible defense against claims. An individual deletion request is possible at any time, provided that the former existence of a consent is confirmed at the same time.
DISQUS comment function: We use the DISQUS comment service on the basis of our legitimate interests in efficient, secure and user-friendly comment management.
To use the DISQUS comment function, users can register via their own DISQUS user account or an existing social media account (e.g. OpenID, Facebook, Twitter or Google). DISQUS obtains the user registration data from the platforms. It is also possible to use the DISQUS comment function as a guest, without creating or using user accounts with DISQUS or any of the specified social media providers.
We merely embed DISQUS and its functions into our website, whereby we can influence the comments of the users. However, the users enter into a direct contractual relationship with DISQUS, within the framework of which DISQUS processes the user's comments and is a contact person for any deletion of the user's data. We refer to DISQUS' privacy policy and point out that users can assume that DISQUS stores not only the comment content but also their IP address and the time of the comment as well as cookies on the user's computer and can use them to display advertisements.
Gravatar Profile Pictures: We use the service Gravatar within our on-line offer and in particular in the Blog.
Gravatar is a service where users can register and store profile pictures and their e-mail addresses. If users leave contributions or comments with the respective e-mail address on other online presences (especially in blogs), their profile pictures can be displayed next to the contributions or comments. For this purpose, the e-mail address provided by the users is transmitted to Gravatar in encrypted form for the purpose of checking whether a profile is stored for it. This is the only purpose of transmitting the email address and it will not be used for other purposes, but deleted thereafter.
The use of Gravatar is based on our legitimate interests, as we use Gravatar to offer authors of contributions and comments the opportunity to personalize their contributions with a profile picture.
By displaying the images, Gravatar knows the IP address of the user, as this is necessary for communication between a browser and an online service.
If users do not want a user image linked to their e-mail address to appear in the comments at Gravatar, they should use an e-mail address which is not stored at Gravatar for commenting. We would also like to point out that it is also possible to use an anonymous e-mail address or no e-mail address at all if users do not wish their own e-mail address to be sent to Gravatar. Users can completely prevent the transmission of data by not using our comment system.
Processed data types: Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos), Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).Data subjects: Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services).Purposes of Processing: Contractual services and support, Feedback (e.g. collecting feedback via online form), Security measures, Managing and responding to inquiries, contact requests and communication, Provision of our online services and usability.Legal Basis: Performance of a contract and prior requests (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR), Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Pprotection of vital interests (Article 6 (1) (d) GDPR).Services and service providers being used:DISQUS comment function: Service provider: DISQUS, Inc., 301 Howard St, Floor 3 San Francisco, California- 94105, USA; Website: https://disqus.com/; Privacy Policy: https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TRkEAAW&status=Active; Opt-Out: https://disqus.com/data-sharing-settings.Gravatar Profile Pictures: Profile Pictures; Service provider: Automattic Inc., 60 29th Street #343, San Francisco, CA 94110, USA; Website: https://automattic.com; Privacy Policy: https://automattic.com/privacy.Medium: Hosting platform for blogs / websites; Service provider: A Medium Corporation, P.O. Box 602, San Francisco, CA 94104–0602, USA; Website: https://medium.com/; Privacy Policy: https://medium.com/policy/medium-privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9.Contacting usWhen contacting us (e.g. by contact form, e-mail, telephone or via social media), the data of the inquiring persons are processed insofar as this is necessary to answer the contact enquiries and any requested activities.
The response to contact enquiries within the framework of contractual or pre-contractual relationships is made in order to fulfil our contractual obligations or to respond to (pre)contractual enquiries and otherwise on the basis of the legitimate interests in responding to the enquiries.
Processed data types: Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos), Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).Data subjects: Communication partner (Recipients of e-mails, letters, etc.).Purposes of Processing: contact requests and communication.Legal Basis: Performance of a contract and prior requests (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Communication via MessengerWe use Messenger services for communication purposes and therefore ask you to observe the following information regarding the functionality of the Messenger, encryption, use of the metadata of the communication and your objection options.
You can also contact us by alternative means, e.g. telephone or e-mail. Please use the contact options provided to you or use the contact options provided within our online services.
In the case of encryption of content (i.e. the content of your message and attachments), we point out that the communication content (i.e. the content of the message and attachments) is encrypted end-to-end. This means that the content of the messages is not visible, not even by the messenger providers themselves. You should always use a current version of the messenger with activated encryption, so that the encryption of the message contents is guaranteed.
However, we would like to point out to our communication partners that although messenger service providers do not see the content, they can find out that and when communication partners communicate with us and process technical information on the communication partner's device used and, depending on the settings of their device, also location information (so-called metadata).
Information on Legal basis:
If we ask communication partners for permission before communicating with them via Messenger, the legal basis of our processing of their data is their consent. Otherwise, if we do not request consent and you contact us, for example, voluntarily, we use Messenger in our dealings with our contractual partners and as part of the contract initiation process as a contractual measure and in the case of other interested parties and communication partners on the basis of our legitimate interests in fast and efficient communication and meeting the needs of our communication partners for communication via messengers. We would also like to point out that we do not transmit the contact data provided to us to the messenger service providers for the first time without your consent.
Withdrawal, objection and deletion:
You can withdraw your consent or object to communication with us via Messenger at any time.In the case of communication via messenger, we delete the messages in accordance with our general data retention policy (i.e. as described above after the end of contractual relationships, archiving requirements, etc.) and otherwise as soon as we can assume that we have answered any information provided by the communication partners, if no reference to a previous conversation is to be expected and there are no legal obligations to store the messages to prevent their deletion.
Reservation of reference to other means of communication: Finally, we would like to point out that we reserve the right, for reasons of your safety, not to answer inquiries about Messenger. This is the case if, for example, internal contractual matters require special secrecy or if an answer via the messenger does not meet the formal requirements. In such cases we refer you to more appropriate communication channels.
Skype: The end-to-end encryption of Skype requires its activation (unless it is enabled by default).
Processed data types: Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses), Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos).Data subjects: Communication partner (Recipients of e-mails, letters, etc.).Purposes of Processing: contact requests and communication, Direct marketing
(e.g. by e-mail or postal).Legal Basis: Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Services and service providers being used:Microsoft Teams: Microsoft Teams - Messenger; Service provider: Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 USA; Website: https://products.office.com; Privacy Policy: https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement, Security information: https://www.microsoft.com/de-de/trustcenter; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000KzNaAAK&status=Active.Signal: Signal Messenger with end-to-end encryption; Service provider: Privacy Signal Messenger, LLC 650 Castro Street, Suite 120-223 Mountain View, CA 94041, USA; Website: https://signal.org/; Privacy Policy: https://signal.org/legal/.Skype: Skype Messenger with end-to-end encryption; Service provider: Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 USA; Website: https://www.skype.com; Privacy Policy: https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement, Security information: https://www.microsoft.com/de-de/trustcenter; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000KzNaAAK&status=Active.Slack: Slack Messenger ohne end-to-end encryption; Service provider: Slack Technologies, Inc., 500 Howard Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Website: https://slack.com/; Privacy Policy: https://slack.com/intl/en-de/legal; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnMBAA0&status=Active.Telegram Broadcasts: Telegram Broadcasts - Messenger with end-to-end encryption; Service provider: Telegram, Dubai; Website: https://telegram.org/; Privacy Policy: https://telegram.org/privacy.WhatsApp: WhatsApp Messenger with end-to-end encryption; Service provider: WhatsApp Inc. WhatsApp Legal 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, California 94025, USA; Website: https://www.whatsapp.com/; Privacy Policy: https://www.whatsapp.com/legal; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TSnwAAG&status=Active.Online Conferences, Meetings and WebinarsWe use third-party platforms and applications (hereinafter referred to as "third party providers") for the purposes of conducting video and audio conferences, webinars and other types of video and audio meetings. When selecting third-party providers and their services, we observe the legal requirements.
In this context, data of the communication participants will be processed and stored on the servers of third parties, as far as these are part of communication processes with us. This data may include, but is not limited to, registration and contact details, visual and voice contributions, chat entries and shared screen content.
If users are referred to the third-party providers or their software or platforms in the context of communication, business or other relationships with us, the third-party provider processing may process usage data and metadata that can be processed by them for security purposes, service optimisation or marketing purposes. We therefore ask you to observe the data protection information of the respective third party providers.
Information on legal basis: If we ask the users for their consent to the use of third party providers, the legal basis of the processing is consent. Furthermore, the processing can be a component of our (pre)contractual services, provided that the use of the third party was agreed within this context. Otherwise, user data will be processed on the basis of our legitimate interest in efficient and secure communication with our communication partners. In this context, we would also like to refer you to the information on the use of cookies in this privacy policy.
Processed data types: Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos), Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).Data subjects: Communication partner (Recipients of e-mails, letters, etc.), Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services).Purposes of Processing: Contractual services and support, contact requests and communication, Office and organisational procedures.Legal Basis: Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Performance of a contract and prior requests (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Services and service providers being used:Google Hangouts / Meet: Messenger and conference software; Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website: https://hangouts.google.com/; Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active.Microsoft Teams: Messenger and conference software; Service provider: Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 USA; Website: https://products.office.com; Privacy Policy: https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement, Security information: https://www.microsoft.com/de-de/trustcenter; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000KzNaAAK&status=Active.Skype: Messenger and conference software; Service provider: Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 USA; Website: https://www.skype.com; Privacy Policy: https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement, Security information: https://www.microsoft.com/de-de/trustcenter; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000KzNaAAK&status=Active.Slack: Messenger and conference software; Service provider: Slack Technologies, Inc., 500 Howard Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Website: https://slack.com/; Privacy Policy: https://slack.com/intl/en-de/legal; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnMBAA0&status=Active.TeamViewer: Konferenz-Software; Service provider: TeamViewer GmbH, Jahnstr. 30, 73037 Göppingen, Germany; Website: https://www.teamviewer.com/en/; Privacy Policy: https://www.teamviewer.com/en/privacy-policy/.Surveys and QuestionnairesThe surveys and questionnaires ("surveys") carried out by us are evaluated anonymously. Personal data is only processed insofar as this is necessary for the provision and technical execution of the survey (e.g. processing the IP address to display the survey in the user's browser or to enable a resumption of the survey with the aid of a temporary cookie (session cookie)) or participants have consented.
Information on legal basis: If we ask the participants for their consent to the processing of their data, this is the legal basis for the processing, otherwise the processing of the participants' data is based on our legitimate interests in conducting an objective survey.
Processed data types: Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos), Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).Data subjects: Communication partner (Recipients of e-mails, letters, etc.), Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services).Purposes of Processing: contact requests and communication, Direct marketing
(e.g. by e-mail or postal), Targeting (e.g. profiling based on interests and behaviour, use of cookies), Feedback (e.g. collecting feedback via online form).Legal Basis: Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Services and service providers being used:Google Forms: Google-Cloud Forms; Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website: https://firebase.google.com; Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active; Opt-Out: Opt-Out-Plugin: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en, Settings for the Display of Advertisements: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.SurveyMonkey: SurveyMonkey Survey Services; Service provider: SurveyMonkey Inc., 1 Curiosity Way, San Mateo, California 94403, USA; Website: https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk; Privacy Policy: https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/mp/legal/privacy-policy/?ut_source=footer; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000Gn7zAAC&status=Active.Provision of online services and web hostingIn order to provide our online services securely and efficiently, we use the services of one or more web hosting providers from whose servers (or servers they manage) the online services can be accessed. For these purposes, we may use infrastructure and platform services, computing capacity, storage space and database services, as well as security and technical maintenance services.
The data processed within the framework of the provision of the hosting services may include all information relating to the users of our online services that is collected in the course of use and communication. This regularly includes the IP address, which is necessary to be able to deliver the contents of online services to browsers, and all entries made within our online services or from websites.
E-mail Sending and Hosting: The web hosting services we use also include sending, receiving and storing e-mails. For these purposes, the addresses of the recipients and senders, as well as other information relating to the sending of e-mails (e.g. the providers involved) and the contents of the respective e-mails are processed. The above data may also be processed for SPAM detection purposes. Please note that e-mails on the Internet are generally not sent in encrypted form. As a rule, e-mails are encrypted during transport, but not on the servers from which they are sent and received (unless a so-called end-to-end encryption method is used). We can therefore accept no responsibility for the transmission path of e-mails between the sender and reception on our server.
Collection of Access Data and Log Files: We, ourselves or our web hosting provider, collect data on the basis of each access to the server (so-called server log files). Server log files may include the address and name of the web pages and files accessed, the date and time of access, data volumes transferred, notification of successful access, browser type and version, the user's operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited page) and, as a general rule, IP addresses and the requesting provider.
The server log files can be used for security purposes, e.g. to avoid overloading the servers (especially in the case of abusive attacks, so-called DDoS attacks) and to ensure the stability and optimal load balancing of the servers .
Content-Delivery-Network: We use a so-called "Content Delivery Network" (CDN). A CDN is a service with whose help contents of our online services, in particular large media files, such as graphics or scripts, can be delivered faster and more securely with the help of regionally distributed servers connected via the Internet.
Processed data types: Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos), Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).Data subjects: Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services).Purposes of Processing: Content Delivery Network (CDN), Server monitoring and error detection.Legal Basis: Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Services and service providers being used:Amazon Web Services (AWS): Web hosting and infrastructural services; Service provider: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle WA 98109, USA; Website: https://aws.amazon.com/; Privacy Policy: https://aws.amazon.com/de/privacy/?nc1=f_pr; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TOWQAA4&status=Active.Cloudflare: Content-Delivery-Network (CDN); Service provider: Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend St, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA; Website: https://www.cloudflare.com; Privacy Policy: https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnZKAA0&status=Active.DigitalOcean: Content-Delivery-Network (CDN); Service provider: DigitalOcean, LLC, 101 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York 10013, USA; Website: https://www.digitalocean.com; Privacy Policy: https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/privacy-policy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TQNgAAO&status=Active.New Relic: Server monitoring und error detection; Service provider: https://newrelic.com, New Relic, Inc. Attn: Legal Department 188 Spear Street, Suite 1200 San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Website: https://newrelic.com; Security measures:
IP Masking (Pseudonymization of the IP address); Privacy Policy: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TNPiAAO&status=Active; Retention period: The aggregated data are deleted after three months, the pseudonymised data after seven days..Job Application ProcessThe application process requires applicants to provide us with the data necessary for their assessment and selection. The information required can be found in the job description or, in the case of online forms, in the information contained therein.
In principle, the required information includes personal information such as name, address, a contact option and proof of the qualifications required for a particular employment. Upon request, we will be happy to provide you with additional information.
If made available, applicants can submit their applications via an online form. The data will be transmitted to us encrypted according to the state of the art. Applicants can also send us their applications by e-mail. Please note, however, that e-mails on the Internet are generally not sent in encrypted form. As a rule, e-mails are encrypted during transport, but not on the servers from which they are sent and received. We can therefore accept no responsibility for the transmission path of the application between the sender and the reception on our server. For the purposes of searching for applicants, submitting applications and selecting applicants, we may make use of the applicant management and recruitment software, platforms and services of third-party providers in compliance with legal requirements. Applicants are welcome to contact us about how to submit their application or send it to us by regular mail.
Processing of special categories of data: If special categories of personal data within the meaning of Article 9 (1) GDPR (e.g. health data, such as severely handicapped status or ethnic origin) are requested from applicants within the framework of the application procedure, so that the responsible person or the person concerned can exercise his/her rights arising from labour law and social security and social protection law and fulfil his/her duties in this regard, their processing shall be carried out in accordance with Article 9 (1)(b) GDPR, in the case of the protection of vital interests of applicants or other persons pursuant to Article 9 (1)(c) GDPR or for the purposes of preventive health care or occupational medicine, for the assessment of the employee's ability to work, for medical diagnostics, care or treatment in the health or social sector or for the administration of systems and services in the health or social sector in accordance with Article 9 (1)(h) GDPR. In the case of a communication of special categories of data based on voluntary consent, their processing is carried out on the basis of Article 9 (1)(a) GDPR.
Ereasure of data: In the event of a successful application, the data provided by the applicants may be further processed by us for the purposes of the employment relationship. Otherwise, if the application for a job offer is not successful, the applicant's data will be deleted. Applicants' data will also be deleted if an application is withdrawn, to which applicants are entitled at any time. Subject to a justified revocation by the applicant, the deletion will take place at the latest after the expiry of a period of six months, so that we can answer any follow-up questions regarding the application and comply with our duty of proof under the regulations on equal treatment of applicants. Invoices for any reimbursement of travel expenses are archived in accordance with tax regulations.
Admission to a talent pool -
Admission to an talent pool, if offered, is based on consent. Applicants are informed that their consent to be included in the talent pool is voluntary, has no influence on the current application process and that they can revoke their consent at any time for the future.
Duration of data retention in the applicant pool in months: 48
Processed data types: Job applicant details (e.g. Personal data, postal and contact addresses and the documents pertaining to the application and the information contained therein, such as cover letter, curriculum vitae, certificates, etc., as well as other information on the person or qualifications of applicants provided with regard to a specific job or voluntarily by applicants), Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses), Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).Data subjects: Job applicants, Employees (e.g. Employees, job applicants).Purposes of Processing: Job Application Process (Establishment and possible later execution as well as possible later termination of the employment relationship.).Legal Basis: Article 9 (1)(b) GDPR (job application process as a pre-contractual or contractual relationship) (If special categories of personal data within the meaning of Article 9 (1) GDPR (e.g. health data, such as severely handicapped status or ethnic origin) are requested from applicants within the framework of the application procedure, so that the responsible person or the person concerned can carry out the obligations and exercising specific rights of the controller or of the data subject in the field of employment and social security and social protection law, their processing shall be carried out in accordance with Article 9 (2)(b) GDPR , in the case of the protection of vital interests of applicants or other persons on the basis of Article 9 (1)(c) GDPR
or for the purposes of preventive health care or occupational medicine, for the assessment of the employee's ability to work, for medical diagnostics, care or treatment in the health or social sector or for the administration of systems and services in the health or social sector in accordance with Article 9 (1)(d) GDPR. In the case of a communication of special categories of data based on voluntary consent, their processing is carried out on the basis of Article 9 (1)(a) GDPR.), Performance of a contract and prior requests (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Services and service providers being used:LinkedIn Recruiter: Service provider: https://www.linkedin.com, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland; Website: https://www.linkedin.com; Privacy Policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active.Stack Overflow: Recruiting platform and services; Service provider: Stack Exchange, Inc., 110 William Street, 28th Floor, New York, NY 10038, USA; Website: https://stackoverflow.com; Privacy Policy: https://stackoverflow.com/legal/privacy-policy.Cloud ServicesWe use Internet-accessible software services (so-called "cloud services", also referred to as "Software as a Service") provided on the servers of its providers for the following purposes: document storage and administration, calendar management, e-mail delivery, spreadsheets and presentations, exchange of documents, content and information with specific recipients or publication of websites, forms or other content and information, as well as chats and participation in audio and video conferences.
Within this framework, personal data may be processed and stored on the provider's servers insofar as this data is part of communication processes with us or is otherwise processed by us in accordance with this privacy policy. This data may include in particular master data and contact data of data subjects, data on processes, contracts, other proceedings and their contents. Cloud service providers also process usage data and metadata that they use for security and service optimization purposes.
If we use cloud services to provide documents and content to other users or publicly accessible websites, forms, etc., providers may store cookies on users' devices for web analysis or to remember user settings (e.g. in the case of media control).
Information on legal basis -
If we ask for permission to use cloud services, the legal basis for processing data is consent. Furthermore, their use can be a component of our (pre)contractual services, provided that the use of cloud services has been agreed in this context. Otherwise, user data will be processed on the basis of our legitimate interests (i.e. interest in efficient and secure administrative and collaboration processes).
Processed data types: Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos), Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).Data subjects: Customers, Employees (e.g. Employees, job applicants), Prospective customers, Communication partner (Recipients of e-mails, letters, etc.).Purposes of Processing: Office and organisational procedures.Legal Basis: Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Performance of a contract and prior requests (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Services and service providers being used:Dropbox: Cloud storage services; Service provider: Dropbox, Inc., 333 Brannan Street, San Francisco, California 94107, USA; Website: https://www.dropbox.com; Privacy Policy: https://www.dropbox.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnCLAA0&status=Active; Standard Contractual Clauses (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in tthird country): https://assets.dropbox.com/documents/en/legal/data-processing-agreement-dfb-013118.pdf.Google Cloud Services: Cloud storage services; Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website: https://cloud.google.com/; Privacy Policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy, Security information: https://cloud.google.com/security/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000000001L5AAI&status=Aktive.Microsoft Cloud Services: Cloud Services; Service provider: Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399 USA; Website: https://microsoft.com; Privacy Policy: https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement, Security information: https://www.microsoft.com/de-de/trustcenter; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000KzNaAAK&status=Active.Newsletter and Broadcast CommunicationWe send newsletters, e-mails and other electronic communications (hereinafter referred to as "newsletters") only with the consent of the recipient or a legal permission. Insofar as the contents of the newsletter are specifically described within the framework of registration, they are decisive for the consent of the user. Otherwise, our newsletters contain information about our services and us.
In order to subscribe to our newsletters, it is generally sufficient to enter your e-mail address. We may, however, ask you to provide a name for the purpose of contacting you personally in the newsletter or to provide further information if this is required for the purposes of the newsletter.
Double opt-in procedure: The registration to our newsletter takes place in general in a so-called Double-Opt-In procedure. This means that you will receive an e-mail after registration asking you to confirm your registration. This confirmation is necessary so that no one can register with external e-mail addresses.
The registrations for the newsletter are logged in order to be able to prove the registration process according to the legal requirements. This includes storing the login and confirmation times as well as the IP address. Likewise the changes of your data stored with the dispatch service provider are logged.
Deletion and restriction of processing: We may store the unsubscribed email addresses for up to three years based on our legitimate interests before deleting them to provide evidence of prior consent. The processing of these data is limited to the purpose of a possible defense against claims. An individual deletion request is possible at any time, provided that the former existence of a consent is confirmed at the same time. In the case of an obligation to permanently observe an objection, we reserve the right to store the e-mail address solely for this purpose in a blacklist.
Information on legal bases: The sending of the newsletter is based on the consent of the recipients or, if consent is not required, on the basis of our legitimate interests in direct marketing. Insofar as we engage a service provider for sending e-mails, this is done on the basis of our legitimate interests. The registration procedure is recorded on the basis of our legitimate interests for the purpose of demonstrating that it has been conducted in accordance with the law.
Contents: Information about us, our services, promotions and offers.
Performance measurement: The newsletters contain a so-called "web-beacon", i.e. a pixel-sized file, which is retrieved from our server when the newsletter is opened or, if we use a mailing service provider, from its server. Within the scope of this retrieval, technical information such as information about the browser and your system, as well as your IP address and time of retrieval are first collected.
This information is used for the technical improvement of our newsletter on the basis of technical data or target groups and their reading behaviour on the basis of their retrieval points (which can be determined with the help of the IP address) or access times. This analysis also includes determining whether newsletters are opened, when they are opened and which links are clicked. For technical reasons, this information can be assigned to the individual newsletter recipients. It is, however, neither our endeavour nor, if used, that of the shipping service provider to observe individual users. The evaluations serve us much more to recognize the reading habits of our users and to adapt our content to them or to send different content according to the interests of our users.
The evaluation of the newsletter and the measurement of success is carried out, subject to the express consent of the user, on the basis of our legitimate interests for the purposes of using a user-friendly and secure newsletter system which serves both our business interests and the expectations of the user.
A separate objection to the performance measurement is unfortunately not possible, in this case the entire newsletter subscription must be cancelled or objected to.
Sending via text messages: Our communications are (also) sent via SMS text messages.
Processed data types: Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses), Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times).Special categories of data: Health Data (Article 9 (1) GDPR).Data subjects: Communication partner (Recipients of e-mails, letters, etc.).Purposes of Processing: Direct marketing
(e.g. by e-mail or postal), Web Analytics (e.g. access statistics, recognition of returning visitors), Targeting (e.g. profiling based on interests and behaviour, use of cookies), Profiling (Creating user profiles).Legal Basis: Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Opt-Out: You can cancel the receipt of our newsletter at any time, i.e. revoke your consent or object to further receipt. You will find a link to cancel the newsletter either at the end of each newsletter or you can otherwise use one of the contact options listed above, preferably e-mail. Services and service providers being used:HubSpot: Email marketing platform; Service provider: HubSpot, Inc., 25 First St., 2nd floor, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02141, USA; Website: https://www.hubspot.com; Privacy Policy: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy.Mailchimp: Email marketing platform; Service provider: "Mailchimp" - Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE #5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA; Website: https://mailchimp.com; Privacy Policy:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TO6hAAG&status=Active.Mailgun: Email marketing platform; Service provider: Mailgun Technologies, Inc., 535 Mission St., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Website: https://www.mailgun.com; Privacy Policy: https://www.mailgun.com/privacy-policy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000PCbmAAG&status=Active.Rapidmail: Email marketing platform; Service provider: rapidmail GmbH, Augustinerplatz 2, 79098 Freiburg i.Br., Germany; Website: https://www.rapidmail.de; Privacy Policy: https://www.rapidmail.de/datenschutzbestimmungen .Commercial communication by E-Mail, Postal Mail, Fax or TelephoneWe process personal data for the purposes of promotional communication, which may be carried out via various channels, such as e-mail, telephone, post or fax, in accordance with the legal requirements.
The recipients have the right to withdraw their consent at any time or to object to the advertising communication at any time.
After withdrawal or objection, we may store the data required to prove consent for up to three years on the basis of our legitimate interests before we delete them. The processing of these data is limited to the purpose of a possible defense against claims. An individual deletion request is possible at any time, provided that the former existence of a consent is affirmed.
Processed data types: Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers).Data subjects: Communication partner (Recipients of e-mails, letters, etc.).Purposes of Processing: Direct marketing
(e.g. by e-mail or postal).Legal Basis: Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Web Analysis and OptimizationWeb analysis is used to evaluate the visitor traffic on our website and may include the behaviour, interests or demographic information of users, such as age or gender, as pseudonymous values. With the help of web analysis we can e.g. recognize, at which time our online services or their functions or contents are most frequently used or requested for repeatedly, as well as which areas require optimization.
In addition to web analysis, we can also use test procedures, e.g. to test and optimize different versions of our online services or their components.
For these purposes, so-called user profiles can be created and stored in a file (so-called "cookie") or similar procedures in which the relevant user information for the aforementioned analyses is stored. This information may include, for example, content viewed, web pages visited and elements and technical data used there, such as the browser used, computer system used and information on times of use. If users have consented to the collection of their location data, these may also be processed, depending on the provider.
The IP addresses of the users are also stored. However, we use any existing IP masking procedure (i.e. pseudonymisation by shortening the IP address) to protect the user. In general, within the framework of web analysis, A/B testing and optimisation, no user data (such as e-mail addresses or names) is stored, but pseudonyms. This means that we, as well as the providers of the software used, do not know the actual identity of the users, but only the information stored in their profiles for the purposes of the respective processes.
Information on legal basis: If we ask the users for their consent to the use of third party providers, the legal basis of the processing is consent. Furthermore, the processing can be a component of our (pre)contractual services, provided that the use of the third party was agreed within this context. Otherwise, user data will be processed on the basis of our legitimate interests (i.e. interest in efficient, economic and recipient friendly services). In this context, we would also like to refer you to the information on the use of cookies in this privacy policy.
Processed data types: Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).Data subjects: Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services).Purposes of Processing: Web Analytics (e.g. access statistics, recognition of returning visitors), Targeting (e.g. profiling based on interests and behaviour, use of cookies), Conversion Tracking, Profiling (Creating user profiles), Interest-based and behavioral marketing, Remarketing, Conversion tracking (Measurement of the effectiveness of marketing activities).Security measures: IP Masking (Pseudonymization of the IP address).Legal Basis: Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Services and service providers being used:Google Optimize: Use of Google Analytics data for the purpose of improving areas of our online services and improving the targeting of our marketing activities on potential user interests; Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website: https://optimize.google.com; Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active; Opt-Out: Opt-Out-Plugin: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en, Settings for the Display of Advertisements: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.Optimizely: Web analysis, testing, optimization; Service provider: Optimizely Inc, 631 Howard Street, Suite 100, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Website: https://www.optimizely.com/de; Privacy Policy: https://www.optimizely.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TNkWAAW&status=Active.OnlinemarketingWe process personal data for the purposes of online marketing, which may include in particular the marketing of advertising space or the display of advertising and other content (collectively referred to as "Content") based on the potential interests of users and the measurement of their effectiveness.
For these purposes, so-called user profiles are created and stored in a file (so-called "cookie") or similar procedure in which the relevant user information for the display of the aforementioned content is stored. This information may include, for example, content viewed, websites visited, online networks used, communication partners and technical information such as the browser used, computer system used and information on usage times. If users have consented to the collection of their sideline data, these can also be processed.
The IP addresses of the users are also stored. However, we use provided IP masking procedures (i.e. pseudonymisation by shortening the IP address) to ensure the protection of the user's by using a pseudonym. In general, within the framework of the online marketing process, no clear user data (such as e-mail addresses or names) is secured, but pseudonyms. This means that we, as well as the providers of online marketing procedures, do not know the actual identity of the users, but only the information stored in their profiles.
The information in the profiles is usually stored in the cookies or similar memorizing procedures. These cookies can later, generally also on other websites that use the same online marketing technology, be read and analyzed for purposes of content display, as well as supplemented with other data and stored on the server of the online marketing technology provider.
Exceptionally, clear data can be assigned to the profiles. This is the case, for example, if the users are members of a social network whose online marketing technology we use and the network links the profiles of the users in the aforementioned data. Please note that users may enter into additional agreements with the social network providers or other service providers, e.g. by consenting as part of a registration process.
As a matter of principle, we only gain access to summarised information about the performance of our advertisements. However, within the framework of so-called conversion measurement, we can check which of our online marketing processes have led to a so-called conversion, i.e. to the conclusion of a contract with us. The conversion measurement is used alone for the performance analysis of our marketing activities.
Unless otherwise stated, we kindly ask you to consider that cookies used will be stored for a period of two years.
Information on legal basis: If we ask users for their consent (e.g. in the context of a so-called "cookie banner consent"), the legal basis for processing data for online marketing purposes is this consent. Otherwise, user data will be processed on the basis of our legitimate interests (i.e. interest in the analysis, optimisation and economic operation of our online services. In this context, we would also like to refer you to the information on the use of cookies in this privacy policy.
Google Universal Analytics (en): We use Google Analytics in the form of Universal Analytics (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2790010?hl=en&ref_topic=6010376). "Universal Analytics" refers to a Google Analytics process in which user analysis is performed on the basis of a pseudonymous user ID, thereby creating a pseudonymous profile of the user with information from the use of various devices (so-called "cross-device tracking").
Processed data types: Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses), Location data (Data that indicates the location of the end device of an end user).Data subjects: Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services), Prospective customers.Purposes of Processing: Targeting (e.g. profiling based on interests and behaviour, use of cookies), Remarketing, Conversion Tracking, Interest-based and behavioral marketing, Profiling (Creating user profiles), Conversion tracking (Measurement of the effectiveness of marketing activities), Web Analytics (e.g. access statistics, recognition of returning visitors), Cross-Device Tracking (Device-independent processing of user data for marketing purposes).Security measures: IP Masking (Pseudonymization of the IP address).Legal Basis: Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Opt-Out: We refer to the privacy policies of the respective service providers and the possibilities for objection (so-called \"opt-out\"). If no explicit opt-out option has been specified, it is possible to deactivate cookies in the settings of your browser. However, this may restrict the functions of our online offer. We therefore recommend the following additional opt-out options, which are offered collectively for each area:
a) Europe: https://www.youronlinechoices.eu.
b) Canada: https://www.youradchoices.ca/choices.
c) USA: https://www.aboutads.info/choices.
d) Cross-regional: https://optout.aboutads.info.Services and service providers being used:Google Tag Manager: Google Tag Manager is a web tag management solution that allows us to manage website tags through a single interface (including Google Analytics and other Google marketing services in our online services). The Tag Manager itself (which implements the tags) does not process any personal user data. With regard to the processing of users' personal data, reference is made to the information below regarding Google services. Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website: https://marketingplatform.google.com; Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active.Google Analytics: Online marketing and web analytics; Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website: https://marketingplatform.google.com/intl/en/about/analytics/; Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active; Opt-Out: Opt-Out-Plugin: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en, Settings for the Display of Advertisements: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.Google Universal Analytics (en): Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website: https://marketingplatform.google.com; Security measures: IP Masking (Pseudonymization of the IP address); Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active.Profiles in Social NetworksWe maintain online presences within social networks and process user data in this context in order to communicate with the users active there or to offer information about us.
We would like to point out that user data may be processed outside the European Union. This may entail risks for users, e.g. by making it more difficult to enforce users' rights. With regard to US providers certified under the Privacy Shield or offering comparable guarantees of a secure level of data protection, we would like to point out that they thereby commit themselves to comply with EU data protection standards.
In addition, user data is usually processed within social networks for market research and advertising purposes. For example, user profiles can be created on the basis of user behaviour and the associated interests of users. The user profiles can then be used, for example, to place advertisements within and outside the networks which are presumed to correspond to the interests of the users. For these purposes, cookies are usually stored on the user's computer, in which the user's usage behaviour and interests are stored. Furthermore, data can be stored in the user profiles independently of the devices used by the users (especially if the users are members of the respective networs or will become members later on).
For a detailed description of the respective processing operations and the opt-out options, please refer to the respective data protection declarations and information provided by the providers of the respective networks.
Also in the case of requests for information and the exercise of rights of data subjects, we point out that these can be most effectively pursued with the providers. Only the providers have access to the data of the users and can directly take appropriate measures and provide information. If you still need help, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Processed data types: Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos), Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses).Data subjects: Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services).Purposes of Processing: contact requests and communication, Targeting (e.g. profiling based on interests and behaviour, use of cookies), Remarketing, Web Analytics (e.g. access statistics, recognition of returning visitors).Legal Basis: Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR).Services and service providers being used:Instagram : Social network; Service provider: Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA; Website: https://www.instagram.com; Privacy Policy: https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy.Facebook: Social network; Service provider: Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irland, parent company: Facebook, 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA; Website: https://www.facebook.com; Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active; Opt-Out: Settings for advertisements: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads; Additional information on data protection: Agreement on the joint controll of processing of personal data on Facebook pages: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum, privacy policy for Facebook pages: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data.LinkedIn: Social network; Service provider: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland; Website: https://www.linkedin.com; Privacy Policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active; Opt-Out: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.Twitter: Social network; Service provider: Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA; Privacy Policy: https://twitter.com/de/privacy, (Settings) https://twitter.com/personalization; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TORzAAO&status=Active.YouTube: Social network; Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active; Opt-Out: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.Plugins and embedded functions and contentWithin our online services, we integrate functional and content elements that are obtained from the servers of their respective providers (hereinafter referred to as "third-party providers"). These may, for example, be graphics, videos or social media buttons as well as contributions (hereinafter uniformly referred to as "Content").
The integration always presupposes that the third-party providers of this content process the IP address of the user, since they could not send the content to their browser without the IP address. The IP address is therefore required for the presentation of these contents or functions. We strive to use only those contents, whose respective offerers use the IP address only for the distribution of the contents. Third parties may also use so-called pixel tags (invisible graphics, also known as "web beacons") for statistical or marketing purposes. The "pixel tags" can be used to evaluate information such as visitor traffic on the pages of this website. The pseudonymous information may also be stored in cookies on the user's device and may include technical information about the browser and operating system, referring websites, visit times and other information about the use of our website, as well as may be linked to such information from other sources.
Information on legal basis: If we ask users for their consent (e.g. in the context of a so-called "cookie banner consent"), the legal basis for processing is this consent. Otherwise, user data will be processed on the basis of our legitimate interests (i.e. interest in the analysis, optimisation and economic operation of our online services. We refer you to the note on the use of cookies in this privacy policy.
Processed data types: Usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), Meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses), Location data (Data that indicates the location of the end device of an end user), Inventory data (e.g. names, addresses), Contact data (e.g. e-mail, telephone numbers), Content data (e.g. text input, photographs, videos).Data subjects: Users (e.g. website visitors, users of online services).Purposes of Processing: Provision of our online services and usability, Contractual services and support, Security measures, Managing and responding to inquiries.Legal Basis: Legitimate Interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR), Consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR), Performance of a contract and prior requests (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR).Services and service providers being used:Google Fonts: We integrate the fonts ("Google Fonts") of the provider Google, whereby the data of the users are used solely for purposes of the representation of the fonts in the browser of the users. The integration takes place on the basis of our legitimate interests in a technically secure, maintenance-free and efficient use of fonts, their uniform presentation and consideration of possible licensing restrictions for their integration. Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website: https://fonts.google.com/; Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active.Google Maps: We integrate the maps of the service "Google Maps" from the provider Google. The data processed may include, in particular, IP addresses and location data of users, which are not collected without their consent (usually within the framework of the settings of their mobile devices); Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website: https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform; Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TRkEAAW&status=Active; Opt-Out: Opt-Out-Plugin: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en,
Settings for the Display of Advertisements: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.Google Maps APIs and SDKs: Interfaces to the map and location services provided by Google, which, for example, allow the addition of address entries, location determinations, distance calculations or the provision of supplementary information on locations and other places; Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website: https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform; Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TRkEAAW&status=Active.YouTube videos: Video contents; Service provider: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, , parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website: https://www.youtube.com; Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy; Privacy Shield (Safeguarding the level of data protection when processing data in the USA): https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active; Opt-Out: Opt-Out-Plugin: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en,
Settings for the Display of Advertisements: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.Erasure of dataThe data processed by us will be erased in accordance with the statutory provisions as soon as their processing is revoked or other permissions no longer apply (e.g. if the purpose of processing this data no longer applies or they are not required for the purpose).
If the data is not deleted because they are required for other and legally permissible purposes, their processing is limited to these purposes. This means that the data will be restricted and not processed for other purposes. This applies, for example, to data that must be stored for commercial or tax reasons or for which storage is necessary to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person.
Further information on the erasure of personal data can also be found in the individual data protection notices of this privacy policy.
Changes and Updates to the Privacy PolicyWe kindly ask you to inform yourself regularly about the contents of our data protection declaration. We will adjust the privacy policy as changes in our data processing practices make this necessary. We will inform you as soon as the changes require your cooperation (e.g. consent) or other individual notification.
If we provide addresses and contact information of companies and organizations in this privacy policy, we ask you to note that addresses may change over time and to verify the information before contacting us.
Rights of Data SubjectsAs data subject, you are entitled to various rights under the GDPR, which arise in particular from Articles 15 to 18 and 21 of the GDPR:Right to Object: You have the right, on grounds arising from your particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of your personal data which is based on letter (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR , including profiling based on those provisions.Where personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of the personal data concerning you for the purpose of such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.Right of withdrawal for consents: You have the right to revoke consents at any time.Right of access: You have the right to request confirmation as to whether the data in question will be processed and to be informed of this data and to receive further information and a copy of the data in accordance with the provisions of the law.Right to rectification: You have the right, in accordance with the law, to request the completion of the data concerning you or the rectification of the incorrect data concerning you.Right to Erasure and Right to Restriction of Processing: In accordance with the statutory provisions, you have the right to demand that the relevant data be erased immediately or, alternatively, to demand that the processing of the data be restricted in accordance with the statutory provisions.Right to data portability: You have the right to receive data concerning you which you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format in accordance with the legal requirements, or to request its transmission to another controller.Complaint to the supervisory authority: You also have the right, under the conditions laid down by law, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the GDPR.
Terminology and DefinitionsThis section provides an overview of the terms used in this privacy policy. Many of the terms are drawn from the law and defined mainly in Article 4 GDPR. The legal definitions are binding. The following explanations, on the other hand, are intended above all for the purpose of comprehension. The terms are sorted alphabetically.
Content Delivery Network (CDN): A "Content Delivery Network" (CDN) is a service with whose help contents of our online services, in particular large media files, such as graphics or scripts, can be delivered faster and more securely with the help of regionally distributed servers connected via the Internet. Controller: "Controller" means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data. Conversion Tracking: "Conversion Tracking" refers to a procedure by which the effectiveness of marketing measures can be determined. As a rule, a cookie is stored on the devices of the users within the websites on which the marketing measures are carried out and then called up again on the target website (e.g. this enables us to track whether the ads we placed on other websites were successful). Conversion tracking: Conversion tracking is a method used to evaluate the effectiveness of marketing measures. For this purpose, a cookie is usually stored on the devices of the users within the websites on which the marketing measures take place and then called up again on the target website (e.g. we can thus trace whether the advertisements placed by us on other websites were successful). Cross-Device Tracking: Cross-Device Tracking is a form of tracking in which behavior and interest information of the user is recorded across all devices in so-called profiles by assigning an online identifier to the user. This means that user information can usually be analysed for marketing purposes, regardless of the browser or device used (e.g. mobile phone or desktop computer). With most Cross-Device Tracking providers, the online identifier is not linked to plain data such as names, postal addresses or e-mail addresses. IP Masking: IP masking is a method by which the last octet, i.e. the last two numbers of an IP address, are deleted so that the IP address alone can no longer be used to uniquely identify a person. IP masking is therefore a means of pseudonymising processing methods, particularly in online marketing. Interest-based and behavioral marketing: Interest-related and/or behaviour-related marketing is the term used when potential user interest in advertisements and other content is predicted if possible. This is done on the basis of information on the previous behaviour of users (e.g. visiting and staying on certain websites, purchasing behaviour or interaction with other users), which is stored in a so-called profile. For these purposes cookies are usually used. Personal Data: "personal data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ("data subject"); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. Processing: The term "processing" covers a wide range and practically every handling of data, be it collection, evaluation, storage, transmission or erasure. Profiling: "Profiling" means any automated processing of personal data consisting in the use of such personal data to analyse, evaluate or predict certain personal aspects relating to a natural person (depending on the type of profiling, this includes information regarding age, gender, location and movement data, interaction with websites and their contents, shopping behaviour, social interactions with other people) (e.g. interests in certain contents or products, click behaviour on a website or the location). Cookies and web beacons are often used for profiling purposes. Remarketing: Remarketing" or "retargeting" is the term used, for example, to indicate for advertising purposes which products a user is interested in on a website in order to remind the user of these products on other websites, e.g. in advertisements.
Server monitoring and error detection: With the help of server monitoring and error detection, we ensure the availability and integrity of our online service and use the data processed in this process to technically optimise our online services. For this purpose, performance, utilization and comparable technical values, which provide information about the stability and any conspicuous features of our online offer, are processed. In the event of errors and irregularities, individual requests from users of our online services are recorded in order to identify and eliminate sources of problems. Targeting: Tracking" is the term used when the behaviour of users can be traced across several websites. As a rule, behavior and interest information with regard to the websites used is stored in cookies or on the servers of the tracking technology providers (so-called profiling). This information can then be used, for example, to display advertisements to users presumably corresponding to their interests. Web Analytics: Web Analytics serves the evaluation of visitor traffic of online services and can determine their behavior or interests in certain information, such as content of websites. With the help of web analytics, website owners, for example, can recognize at what time visitors visit their website and what content they are interested in. This allows them, for example, to optimize the content of the website to better meet the needs of their visitors. For purposes of web analytics, pseudonymous cookies and web beacons are frequently used in order to recognise returning visitors and thus obtain more precise analyses of the use of an online service.