https://adelaar-cruises.com/adelaar-liveaboard-schedule-rates#terms
Skip to content
Schedule & Rates
Adelaar Exclusive Liveaboard Schedules, with availability and rates.
10% discount for last minute bookings made 30 days prior to departure (cannot be combined with any other offer).
Schedule & RatesBLA2020-12-02T17:43:38+08:00
Enjoy a luxury cruise holiday in Indonesia and explore the world’s richest marine ecosystem. Discover below our schedule & rates as well as our special deals. With more than 25 years of experience, Adelaar takes you to the best dive sites of Komodo National Park, the Alor Archipelago, the Forgotten Islands, and the Banda Sea. Several times a year, you will get the chance to learn about our beloved Manta rays and whale sharks thanks to our marine conservation special cruises.ITINERARYBOOK NOWITINERARYBOOK NOWRates 2020Rates 2021Rates 2022 (soon)AvailabilityBook now your cruise holiday in Indonesia
Name (required)
Email (required)
Phone
Choose here a date window for your trip on Adelaar (required)
JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember
2019202020212022
Message
I agree to the use of my data for news & special offers sent directly from Adelaar to my inbox. I may opt out at any time, with one click, at the bottom of the newsletter. Read more about the Privacy Policy of Adelaar Exclusive Liveaboard Indonesia.
×Terms & ConditionsItinerary Changes
Adelaar reserves the right to change the itinerary during a trip for any reason it deems necessary (i.e. due to sea and weather conditions, harbor closures, or in the event that the captain feels the safety of the ship and/or the guests are in jeopardy). In the unlikely event of an unexpected change of embarkation or disembarkation harbor, Adelaar will provide assistance with logistics to assure that guests are routed to the original point, but will not cover any associated costs.
Reservations and Payment
Individual cabin space, as well as full boat private charters can be booked, either through your travel agent or direct with us, by email. Once we have confirmed your booking, you will be required to fill out our passenger information sheet, and send us a copy of your passport and your diving insurance. This passport copy is a mandatory requirement from the Indonesian Harbor Authorities for our harbor clearance.
A deposit of 25% per person must be paid to secure a booking. This deposit is not refundable in the event of a later cancellation.
The full balance is due 90 days prior to departure. If the reservation  is made less than 90 days prior to departure, the full payment will be due immediately.
Any bank fee related to credit card/online payment or bank transfer, will be at the client’s/tour operator’s discretion.
Cancellations
All cancellations must be made by phone or e-mail to info@adelaar-cruises.com. The date that Adelaar receives the cancellation of the booking will be the date used to determine the cancellation penalty.
For cancellations more than 90 days prior to departure: we apply the deposit toward a future departure, within the next 12 months. If the guest does not wish to reschedule, the deposit is forfeited.
Cancellations between 90 and 60 days prior to departure: we apply the full amount toward a future departure, within the next 12 months. If the guest does not wish to reschedule, the full amount is forfeited.
Cancellations less than 60 days before departure, there is no refund.
A guest who has booked into an Adelaar trip, and who wishes to cancel, has the option to substitute another person (not already scheduled on the trip) into his space to avoid the cancellation penalty. Passenger substitution will be allowed up to 5 days prior to departure.
No show
Adelaar will not refund any money to guests who fail to show for boarding on the trip departure date, whether this is due to missed airline connections or from the lack of proper paperwork required to enter the country, or any other reason. If an airline connection is missed, Adelaar will make all efforts to arrange that the guest can join the Adelaar at some point in the itinerary. However, the cost to do so (airfare, small boat transport to Adelaar, or any other cost involved) is solely the responsibility of the guest.
Trip interruption
If the guest interrupts or cuts short a trip for any reason, Adelaar is not liable to refund any money to the guest. In cases of emergency such as personal illness or accident, Adelaar will assist in all necessary arrangements for the guest’s return travel. However, the cost of this is to be borne solely by the guest.
Cancellations from Adelaar due to guest’s circumstances
Adelaar reserves the right to cancel a booking if actions on the guest’s part give justifiable cause to do so. In such instance Adelaar will not refund any payments already made. Adelaar will not be liable for any other costs the client might have in conjunction with this booking.
Cancellation due to Force Majeure & Acts of God
Adelaar does not offer any refunds in the event of Force Majeure (i.e. wars, riots, strikes, acts of terrorism, man-made epidemics) and Acts of God (i.e. natural disasters, epidemics). In the event of this happening, Adelaar will contact the guest as soon as possible to communicate re-scheduling options. No refund will be foreseen. In the event of a cancellation, Adelaar will not be held responsible for any related costs (i.e. flights, hotels, or any other such costs) the client might have in conjunction with this trip.
Please note that guests are strongly advised to have valid diving, travel and cancellation insurance.
Special Covid-19 cancellation conditions
Additional ‘Covid-19 Clause’:
FREE RE-BOOKING
If you cannot travel for any of the COVID-19 reasons listed below, it will be possible to reschedule your booking to a future date within 24 months. All associated payments* will be applied to this new trip. Valid for the same itinerary and in the same cabin as originally booked.
For this to be applicable, one of the following conditions must apply:
You have contracted the virus within 30 days to departure and can provide medical evidence to support this claim.
Your country of residence prevents you from departing and/or re-entering due to their governmental guidelines and restrictions on the embarkation place of the liveaboard trip.
Indonesia prevents you from entering due to their governmental guidelines and restrictions on your country of residence.
*If you wish to upgrade to a different cabin or itinerary, extra fees will apply. If you wish to downgrade to a smaller cabin or a shorter itinerary, we will not refund the price difference.
If none of the above does not apply, our normal cancellation conditions apply.
Additional conditions for private charter booking with a custom itineraryGroup bookings that deviate from our published cruise itineraries or to another destination, will be subject to the following additional terms and conditions:
Cruise price includes
All meals and snacks, soft drinks, juices, coffee, tea and drinking water
Tanks, weights, and weight belts
Use of kayaks, stand up paddle, wakeboard and all facilities onboard
Experienced PADI Divemaster & Instructor
Wifi
Fuel surcharge
Cruise price does not include
International or domestic flights
Transfers to and from the harbor, except as specified in the itinerary as included
Komodo National Park fees, Moyo & Satonda Reserve fees
Diving equipment rental
Nitrox
Alcoholic beverages, laundry
Customary tips to the crew
A repositioning fee & extra harbor costs may be added to the total cost of the cruise depending on embarkation and disembarkation ports of your customised itinerary.Changes to rates
In case of substantial increase of fuel & harbor costs as well as currency fluctuations, Adelaar reserves the right to increase the price up until 61 days prior to departure.
Damages resulting from personal injury, illness or death.
Adelaar is not responsible for any compensation for any damage that results from illness, personal injuries or death which may be sustained while on any portion of the trip, whether this is due to the ownership, maintenance, use, operation or control of any vehicle (aircraft, automobile, bicycle, boat, or any other conveyance used in carrying out these trips).
Adelaar assumes no liability for any damage whatsoever, caused by failure or delay, irregularities, acts or omissions that have been provided by owners, operators or public carriers, even if the service was for and on behalf of Adelaar.
Adelaar shall not be held responsible for any injury to person (whether or not resulting in death) arising out of any act of war, insurrection, revolt or other civil uprising or military action occurring in the countries of origin, destination or passage.
In the case of a medical problem or injury occurring during the trip, either on board or on shore, which results in costs for medical care, evacuation or repatriation, the responsibility for payment of these costs belongs solely to the passenger.
Certification & Disabilities
Upon boarding all divers are required to show proof of dive certification, medical diving insurance such as DAN or equivalent and recent medical statement assuring that they are fit for diving for ongoing medical conditions (< 1 year).
All divers must complete a liability release waiver prior to diving.
Upon payment of the deposit as a diver, the client certifies that he/she does not have a mental or physical disability that would make him/her unable to safely take part in the dive program during the trip.
Upon payment of the deposit, the client also certifies that he/she has the diving experience to take part in the dive program and agrees to follow the instructions of the dive guide/instructor during the trip.
Loss or damage to personal belongings
Adelaar is not responsible for any loss or damage to a guest’s personal belongings while on any portion of the trip.
Sign up for our newsletter
×Get the latest news from Adelaar Liveaboard directly to your inbox. This includes occasional surveys as well as special offers. You may opt out at any time, in one click, at the bottom of our emails. View our Privacy Policy.
Adelaar Cruises WhatsApp Chat
Send
CONTACTEZ NOUS
×
CONTACT US
×
Go to Top