https://adoptahighway.net/privacy-policy/
About
About Us
Our Clean Works
Markets
Sponsor
Sponsor — How it Works
Sponsor Benefits
Sponsor — FAQ’s
Sponsor — Testimonials
Pricing
Get a Quote
Promo
DOT/Agency
DOT/Agency — Overview
DOT/Agency Benefits
DOT/Agency — FAQ’s
DOT/Agency — Testimonials
Blog
Contact
800.499.2367800.HWY.ADOPT
Privacy Policy
Adopt-A-Highway Litter Removal Service of America, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” “us”), is concerned about online privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose your Personally Identifiable Information (as defined below). This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes our practices in connection with Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through certain of our web sites, including the site from which you are linking to this Policy (the “Site”). This Policy does not govern our collection of information through any web site, or by any other means, other than through the Site; nor does this Policy govern the collection of information by any of our affiliates (collectively, “Affiliated Entities”) or by third parties.
By using the Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy, please do not use the Site. We reserve the right to change this Policy without prior notice. You can determine when this Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page. Any changes to our Policy will become effective upon our posting of the revised Policy on the Site. Use of the Site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy then in effect.
The Site is controlled and operated by Company from the state of California and is not intended to subject Company or any Affiliated Entity to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of California. Company does not represent or warrant that the Site, or any part thereof, is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Site do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit the Site’s availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose, at any time and in our sole discretion. Note Regarding the Use of the Site by Children: The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that such individuals do not provide Personally Identifiable Information through the Site.
What Types of Information Does Company Collect From Me?
Company gathers two basic types of information through the Site: “Personally Identifiable Information” (or “PII”) and “Non-Personally Identifiable Information” (or “Non-PII”). Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies you as an individual; that is, your name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number or other payment account number. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is aggregated information, demographic information, IP addresses and any other information that does not reveal your specific identity.
Personally Identifiable Information. You do not have to provide PII to use the Site. However, in order for you to take advantage of particular opportunities provided through the Site, we may require that you furnish PII. We collect PII from you through the Site only when you voluntarily provide it to us.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. When you visit and interact with the Site, Company and third parties with whom Company has contracted to provide services to Company may collect Non-PII (for example, a catalogue of the Site pages you visit). Non-PII is generally collected through the Site from the following different sources: server log files, environmental variables, cookies, pixel tags and other similar technologies and information that you voluntarily provide.
Server Log Files. Your Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the Site, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited. We use your IP address, and the IP addresses of all users, for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose problems with the Site’s servers, and administering the Site. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many web sites.
Environmental Variables. We and our service providers may also collect certain environmental variables, such as your MAC address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, OS version, Internet browser, and Internet browser version. These environmental variables are collected by most browsers, and can be used to optimize your experience on the Site.
Cookies. We and our service providers may use “cookies” on the Site. Cookies are data that a web server transfers to an individual’s computer for recordkeeping purposes. Cookies are an industry standard used by most web sites, and can facilitate users’ ongoing access to and use of a particular web site; cookies do not cause damage to your computer systems or files. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of a particular cookie, or cookies from a particular web site, to your computer.
Pixel Tags. We and our service providers may also use so-called “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” or similar means (collectively, “Pixel Tags”) in connection with some Site pages and HTML-formatted e-mail messages to, among other things, compile aggregate statistics about Site usage and response rates. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel (1×1), that is ordinarily not visible to Site visitors and may be associated with Cookies on the visitors’ hard drives. Pixel Tags allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Site, to deliver branded services, and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. When used in HTML-formatted e-mail messages, Pixel Tags can tell the sender whether and when the e-mail has been opened.
Information That You Voluntarily Provide. Company also collects Non-PII (e.g., your interests, your geographic location, etc.) when you voluntarily provide such information to us. When such information is not combined with any PII, such information is considered to be Non- PII, as it does not personally identify you or any other user. Additionally, we may aggregate PII in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Site. Such aggregate information is considered Non-PII for purposes of this Policy.
How Does Company Use Information Collected From Me?
Personally Identifiable Information. We may use your PII in the following ways:
Fulfillment of Requests. Company may use your PII to fulfill the purpose for which such PII was provided (e.g., to communicate with the Department of Transportation regarding your transaction and to send newsletters to you).
Administrative Communications. From time to time, in our sole discretion, we may use your PII to send to you important information regarding the Site, or changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information may be important to your use of the Site, you may not opt-out of receiving such communications.
Other Communications. If you affirmatively opt-in, Company and the Affiliated Entities may use your PII to inform you of products, programs, services and promotions that we believe may be of interest to you. If you would prefer not to receive marketing-related e-mail messages, please refer to “Opt-Out” below.
Third Party Communications. If you affirmatively opt-in, we will not share your PII with third parties except as required to fulfill your transaction, as referenced above.
Purchases. When you make a purchase through the Site, we may collect your credit card number or other payment account number, billing address and other information related to such purchase (collectively, “Payment Information”) from you, and may use such Payment Information in order to fulfill your purchase. We may also provide such Payment Information, or other PII provided by you, to third parties as necessary to complete your purchase (for example, to process your credit card or payment account number). To the extent that Payment Information includes Non- PII, use of such Non-PII is governed as set forth below. We do not store your financial details such as debit or credit card details following the collection and transmission of such details to the payment gateway.
Internal Business Purposes. We may also use your PII for our internal business purposes, such as data analysis, audits and so forth.
Third Party Service Providers. We work with third parties who provide services including but not limited to data analysis, order fulfillment and other services of an administrative nature. We reserve the right to share your PII with such third parties for the purpose of enabling these third parties to provide such services.
Assignment. We reserve the right to transfer any and all information that we collect from Site users to an Affiliated Entity or a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Company’s business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Law enforcement; emergencies; compliance. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Policy to the contrary, we reserve the right to disclose your PII to others as we believe to be appropriate (a) under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process (c) to respond to governmental requests; (d) to enforce our Terms and Conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any Affiliated Entities; (f) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Company, the Affiliated Entities, you or others; and (g) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. For example, we may, to the fullest extent the law allows, disclose PII about you to law enforcement agencies to assist them in identifying individuals who have been or may be engaged in unlawful activities.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Because Non-PII does not personally identify you, we may use such information for any purpose. In addition, we reserve the right to share such Non PII, which does not personally identify you, with Affiliated Entities and other third parties, for any purpose.
In some instances, we may combine Non-PII with PII (such as embedding e-mail addresses in cookies). If we do combine any Non-PII with PII, the combined information will be treated by us as PII hereunder as long as it is so combined.
Third Party Sites. The Site may contain links to third party web sites. These linked sites (including without limitation the web sites of Affiliated Entities) are not under Company’s control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any such linked site, or any link contained in any linked site. We provide such links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site by Company, or any Affiliated Entities. If you provide any PII through any such third party web site, your transaction will occur on such third party’s web site (not the Site) and the PII you provide will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy policy of, that third party. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of any such third parties. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT ADDRESS THE PRIVACY OR INFORMATION PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE AFFILIATED ENTITIES.
Third Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Site. Please note that these companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visit to this Site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this Site, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Company does not have access to or any control over these technologies and their use. Please refer to the Privacy Policies of these advertisers for information on these technologies and how any information that you provide through the advertising may be used.
Security. We use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect PII under our control. Security measures and tools, such as firewalls, are in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, although we strive to protect your PII, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us through or in connection with the Site or that is stored by us. We also seek to strike a balance between the security of your data and your convenience. We do this because we believe that our customers attach value to both. As a result, we will often use a method of communication that is less secure than other, less convenient alternatives. For example, certain data you send us, including PII, may be sent to us in unencrypted form. You acknowledge and agree that any information you transmit through the Site is so transmitted at your own risk. If you are concerned that your PII may be transmitted over the Internet in unencrypted form, please do not provide us with any PII. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), you must immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us.
Opt-Out. If you would prefer not to receive marketing-related e-mail messages from Company or any particular Affiliated Entity, you may opt-out of receiving such messages by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in the latest such message you have received from Company or such Affiliated Entity, respectively. Please note that following such “unsubscribe” instructions will opt you out of receiving marketing-related e-mail messages from the sender of the particular message from which you initiated the opt-out process, but will not opt you out of receiving such messages from other senders.
Contacting Us. If you have any questions regarding this Policy, please contact us:
Adopt-A-Highway Litter Removal Service of America, Inc., 4407 Manchester Avenue, Suite 201, Encinitas, CA 92024 Toll Free (800) 421-3371
More soon.
Promos
FAQ's
Get a Quote
Latest Posts
Making an IMPACT
Daylight Saving ends November 1st
Outdoor Advertising is Growing
About
|
Markets
|
Sponsor
|
DOT/Agency
|
Blog
|
Pricing
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact
© 2017-2020 Adopt-A-Highway LITTER REMOVAL SERVICE of America, Inc.
Our Name Says It All!
Sign Up and SAVE!
Provide your email below for exclusive DISCOUNTS, promotions and news.
We promise we won't litter your inbox with emails!*Email
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Adopt-A-Highway Litter Removal Service of America, Inc., 4407 Manchester Avenue, Suite #201, Encinitas, CA, 92024, US, https://www.adoptahighway.net. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
Don't miss out. Subscribe today.
×
×
WordPress Popup Plugin
About?About UsOur Clean WorksMarketsSponsor?Sponsor — How it WorksSponsor BenefitsSponsor — FAQ’sSponsor — TestimonialsPricing?Get a QuotePromoDOT/Agency?DOT/Agency — OverviewDOT/Agency BenefitsDOT/Agency — FAQ’sDOT/Agency — TestimonialsBlogContact