https://adventurecaravans.com/privacy-policy/
Main Phone: 936-327-3428
Home
Company
About Us
Expert Service
Travel Methods
Greater Value
Understanding RV Caravaning
Defining RV Rallies
Overseas In An RV
Payment Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Earn Rewards
Military Discount Program
News
e-Newsletter
Meet the Staff
Tours
Alaska
Calgary Stampede & Banff National Park
Alaska & The Calgary Stampede
Alaska & The Canadian Rockies
The Ultimate Alaska Adventure
Canada RV Tours
United States RV Tours
Overseas Tours
Australia
New Zealand
Europe
Mediterranean
South Africa
Group Tours
Women Only
Rallies
Albuquerque Balloon Fiesta
Calgary Stampede & Banff National Park
Christmas in the Ozarks – Branson
Christmas In The Smokies – Pigeon Forge
Mardi Gras
Mardi Gras – Mini Rally
New York City
Rose Parade
Washington, D.C.
Cruises
European River Cruise – Budapest to Amsterdam
Events
Travel Insurance
e-Newsletter
Catalog Request
Merchandise
Contact Us
HomeCompanyAbout UsExpert ServiceTravel MethodsGreater ValueUnderstanding RV CaravaningDefining RV RalliesOverseas In An RVPayment Terms & ConditionsTerms & ConditionsEarn RewardsMilitary Discount ProgramNewse-NewsletterMeet the StaffToursAlaskaCalgary Stampede & Banff National ParkAlaska & The Calgary StampedeAlaska & The Canadian RockiesThe Ultimate Alaska AdventureCanada RV ToursUnited States RV ToursOverseas ToursAustraliaNew ZealandEuropeMediterraneanSouth AfricaGroup ToursWomen OnlyRalliesAlbuquerque Balloon FiestaCalgary Stampede & Banff National ParkChristmas in the Ozarks – BransonChristmas In The Smokies – Pigeon ForgeMardi GrasMardi Gras – Mini RallyNew York CityRose ParadeWashington, D.C.CruisesEuropean River Cruise – Budapest to AmsterdamEventsTravel Insurancee-NewsletterCatalog RequestMerchandiseContact Us
Privacy Policy
We compiled this privacy policy (“Policy”) to better serve those who are concerned with how their “Personally Identifiable Information” (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. This Policy describes how Adventure Caravans, Inc., collects, uses, protects, shares, or otherwise handles your PII, in accordance with our Site. This Policy also applies to any of our other websites that post the Policy.
What We Collect
Information You Give Us:
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, we may collect your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, IP address, device serial number, unique device identifier, photo, video or audio file, membership number, username, password, as well as other information you directly give us on our Site.
Information We Get From Others:
We may get information about you from other sources (i.e. Trade Show Entry Forms, End of Tour Evaluations, Live Web Chat, Adventure Caravans Closed Facebook Groups for each Tour or Rally. We may add this to information we get from this Site.
Information We May Collect Automatically:
We automatically log information about you and your computer. For example, when visiting our Site, we log your computer operating system type, browser type, the website you visited before browsing to our Site, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times and information about your use of and actions on our Site.
How We Use Cookies:
We may log information using “cookies.” Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive, by a website. We may use session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and/or persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site. We collect this type of information to make our Site more useful to you, to tailor your experience with us to meet your special interests and needs, and to ensure the proper operation of the Site. We use cookies to:
To help us remember and process your online registration and/or shopping cart;
To help us understand your preferences, based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services;
Keep track of advertisements;
To help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If You Disable Cookies in Your Browser:
If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
When We Collect Information
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, or enter information on our site. We also collect information from you when you provide us with feedback on our services.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, provide us with feedback, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested;
To operate, maintain, and improve our website, to better serve you;
To allow us to respond to your comments and questions (which we receive via our Site, live chat, email, or phone), and to provide customer service;
To send information including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages;
To administer, or communicate about, contests, promotions, surveys, Site features, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and/or our selected partners;
To link or combine user information with other personal information;
To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity;
To provide and deliver products and services you and other customers request; and,
To ask for ratings and reviews of services and/or products.
How We Protect Your Information
We implement a variety of security procedures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information. We use regular Security Scanning.
We use a secure server. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
How and When We Share Your Personal Information
We may share personal information within our Company. However, we will only share your personal information with people or entities outside of the Company, with your consent. For example, you may let us share personal information with others on our website, or Facebook pages. Those uses will be subject to their privacy policies.
We may share personal information for legal, protection, and safety purposes, as follows:
To comply with laws;
To comply with lawful requests and legal processes;
To protect the rights and property of the Company, our agents, customers, and others. This includes enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use;
And, we may share information in an emergency—including protecting the safety of the Company, our employees and agents, our members, or any person.
We may share information with those who need it to do work for us.
Third-Party Links:
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our Site. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. Therefore, we have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google:
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. Google’s Advertising Principles can be found at:
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, and other Google services on our Site.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our Site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie), or other third-party identifiers together, to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our Site.
Opting Out of Googles Services:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
How We Handle Do Not Track Signals:
We honor Do Not Track (DNT) in so far as Google cookies honor DNT. However, we have some cookies that are integral to the operation of our site. Our users would not be able to login and/or navigate our Site without cookies. As such those cookies cannot be turned-off.
Third-Party Behavioral Tracking:
It is important to note that we allow third-party (e.g. Google Analytics) behavioral tracking.
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information, from California consumers, to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website. The privacy policy must state exactly the information being collected and those individuals, or companies, with whom it is being shared. See more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once we created this privacy policy, we added a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
Children Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, COPPA puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online. As we do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old, COPPA does not apply to the Company.
Fair Information Practice Principles
The Fair Information Practice Principles (FIPPs) form the backbone of privacy law in the United States; and, the concepts include in FIPPs played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the world. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to comply with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you, via email, within 7 business days; and,
We will notify our website visitors, via in-site notification, within 7 business days.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
To comply with the CAN-SPAM Act, we collect your email address to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions;
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders;
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service; and,
Market to our mailing list, or continue to send emails to our members, after the original transaction has occurred.
To comply with the CAN-SPAM Act, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses;
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way;
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters;
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used;
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly; and,
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future commercial content emails, follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from all commercial correspondence. According to the CAN-SPAM Act, commercial content is content which advertises or promotes a commercial product or service, including content on a website operated for a commercial purpose.
However, we may continue to send you transactional or relationship content, in compliance with CAN-SPAM Act. Transactional or relationship content, according to the CAN-SPAM Act, is content which facilitates an already agreed-upon transaction or updates a customer about an ongoing transaction. You may opt out of transactional or relationship content by contacting our office at 936-327-3428 or by emailing us at info@adventurecaravans.com.
Privacy Policy changes:
We will notify you of changes to our privacy policy on our Privacy Policy Page. You can change your personal information:
By emailing us;
By calling us; or,
By logging in to your account, on our website.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Adventure Caravans, Inc.
PO Box 30
Livingston, TX 77351
United States
Info@adventurecaravans.com
936-327-3428
Copyright © 1994-2020 Adventure Caravans, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Adventure Caravans, Inc.
PO Box 30
Livingston, TX 77351
Phone: 936-327-3428
Home
Tours
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy