http://airspacemag.com/about/cookie-policy/
Accessibility Navigation
Primary Navigation
Content
Homepage
Daily Planet
Flight Today
Space
Military
History of Flight
Interviews
Photos
Videos
Virtual Space
Subscribe
Current Issue
Subscribe
Save 55% off the cover price!
Subscribe
Renew
Give a Gift
Shop
Air & Space Magazine
About
Contact
Subscribe
Shop
Travel With Us
Homepage
Daily Planet
Flight Today
Space
Military
History of Flight
Interviews
Photos
Videos
Virtual Space
Magazine
Newsletters
Homepage »
About »
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Pixels Policy
Smithsonian Philanthropic and Revenue Generating Activities Cookies, Web Beacons, and Pixels Policy
Cookies
In addition to information collected automatically, we use cookies, which are small pieces of information sent to your browser by a website that you visit. These cookies do not collect personally identifiable information. Cookies are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends, and customer behavior, as well as to record other information from the website. When you register on the website, cookies also allow us to save information so that you will not have to re-enter it the next time you visit. Many content adjustments and customer service improvements are made based on the data derived from cookies. The Smithsonian uses third-party research companies that may use information about your visit to this website or other websites in order to provide quantitative analysis about our audience. Information that we collect from cookies will not be used to create profiles of users and will only be used in aggregate form. The data is retained for as long as necessary to support the mission of Smithsonian websites. You may set your browser to refuse cookies from any website that you visit. If you choose to do so, you may still gain access to most of the Smithsonian’s websites, but you may not be able to conduct certain types of transactions (such as shopping) or take advantage of some of the interactive elements offered.
Additionally, the Smithsonian employs outside companies to provide marketing services on our behalf. With our approval, these third parties also may place cookies during your visit. These third-party companies will have access to the information needed to perform their functions but cannot use that information for any other purpose. They will not collect or have access to personally identifiable information. These third-party companies only collect information about your visit or transaction, such as the URLs which lead you to, around, and from our site, pages visited, the product(s) purchased, and the amount spent.
The Smithsonian also uses outside advertising and analytic companies to serve ads on and about our website. These companies may use information about your visit to this website or other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements and offers that may be of interest to you on this website and on other websites you may visit later. If you would like more information about cookies and the option not to have them used by third-party companies during your visit, please visit the following websites: https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Web Beacons and Pixels
The Smithsonian also collects non-personally identifiable information through the use of tracking pixels that appear on our pages. A tracking pixel is a transparent graphic image (usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel or Javascript tag) that is placed on a web page and, in combination with a cookie, allows us to collect information regarding the use of the web page that contains the tracking pixel.
We use tracking pixels to trigger ads on participating websites based on activity tracked from the browser on a device used to visit Smithsonian Websites. We also use them to tell when an advertisement we run on another website has been clicked on by Smithsonian Website visitors, and use that information to judge which advertisements are more appealing to users. Pixels can also be used for third party web analytics.
To opt out of these tracking pixels and services, please follow this link to opt out of the Google Analytics-based tools (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/), the Facebook Pixel (https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads), and the Bing Pixel (https://choice.microsoft.com/en-US/opt-out).
For more information about third parties involved in online behavioral advertising, please see our online behavioral privacy notice.
Last Revised: January 10, 2020
Useful Links
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Advertising
Ad Choices
Current Issue | December 2020/January 2021
The Museum That Fell From the Sky
America by Air: A New Gallery Takes Shape
America by Air: Jack Northrop's 'Beautiful Ship'
View Table of Contents
Subscribe
Save 55% off the cover price!
First & Last Name
Last Name
First Name
Address 1
Address 2
City / State
City
State
AL
AK
AS
AE
AA
AE
AP
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
DC
FL
GA
GU
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
MP
OH
OK
OR
PW
PA
PR
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VI
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY
Zip
Email Address
Enter your email address
Continue
or
Give a Gift
Newsletters
Updates, newsletters and special offers
This Week's Best Stories
Air & Space Magazine
Smithsonian Store
Smithsonian Journeys
Special Offers
Subscribe Now
Enter your email address
Sign up