https://americasboatingclub.org/privacy/
America's Boating Course Find a Club Near You Ship's Store Member Login
Privacy
Your Consent
By visiting our website, you agree that you have read these terms, you understand them and your visit is governed by the United States Power Squadrons Privacy and Legal policies, which may be revised from time to time.
Privacy Statement
United States Power Squadrons, America’s Boating Club, has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our commitment to privacy and to inform you about the type of information we collect and the use to which we put such information. The following summarizes our data gathering and dissemination practices, which applies for all United States Power Squadrons-affiliated websites, regardless of their location on the internet.
Online Forms
Our online forms ask visitors for contact information (such as an email address). We use the contact information to communicate with our visitor when necessary or appropriate. We do not sell your information or communicate with you outside the topic of boating or boating safety.
Cookies
We compile information on the IP addresses that contact us so we can improve the services provided by our site, but we don’t provide that information to others. We may keep track of the pages you visited by placing a small entry in a text file called a “cookie” on your hard drive. The cookie contains an identifying number that allows us to track the pages you’ve visited on our site. We may also use cookies to save your member access authorization (for a limited time, on our internal web pages) so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. We may use member access authorization to maintain the privacy of our internal web pages. Information provided by you helps us tailor our site to your needs and interests.
The help function on most browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely.
Security
We exercise the same care in managing, transmitting and securing personal information we receive through our websites as we use in dealing with our own personal information. We protect personal information using safeguards that we believe to be appropriate to the sensitivity of the information using security technology commercially available to us. This includes use of passwords and encryption. It’s important to understand that data transmission over the internet isn’t 100 percent secure. Despite our efforts, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information transmitted to us, and therefore, you do so at your own risk.
Links
Our websites may contain links to external websites. These external links are not controlled by us or covered by our privacy policy. We recommend that you read the sites’ privacy statements, which may differ from ours. This privacy statement applies only to information collected on United States Power Squadrons/America’s Boating Club websites.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the United States Power Squadrons/America’s Boating Club website or your dealings with this website, This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..