https://ammo.com/privacy-and-security
Home
Privacy and Security at Ammo.com
Ammo.com's Privacy and Security Policies
We Only Use Your Information To Serve You
Any information you send to us will be used only for processing your orders and to better serve you or make you aware of product specials. By way of example, if an Act of God occurs to delay your order from reaching you, our office will be able to contact you using the information you provide.
We use Google Analytics and Advertising Features ("GA") to gather information on parts of our website, with the goal of improving user experience, product offering, and the quality of the site.
Before we say anything else about this, you are free to opt out of this data collection by adjusting your Google Ad Preferences or by installing Google’s opt-out browser add-on available here.
GA uses first-party and third-party cookies to define a visitor to the site, to collect data about how visitors use the site, and to learn about a visitor's shopping preferences. The cookies are linked to our site and we only use that data for understanding how visitors use the site.
GA collects anonymous demographics and interests data about site visitors, but no personally-identifying information is tied to this process. By using our site, you agree to our use of such information, and you further agree to GA's terms found here.
Real Privacy
Unless we say so otherwise here, Ammo.com will not provide, sell, rent, or loan any personally identifiable information to any third party unless forced to do so by a subpoena or court order.
Real Security
Ammo.com is PCI compliant. The Ammo.com checkout system is SSL encryption secured and feeds directly into a secure payment gateway. By using our online checkout system, no person at Ammo.com is able to retrieve your credit card information, ever.
Real People
If you have any questions about the Ammo.com Privacy and Security Policies, just call 800.604.1094 or email customercare@Ammo.com.
Information for Nevada Customers
Nevada customers who want to submit a request under Nevada Revised Statutes 603A asking us to not sell their personal information may email
privacy@ammo.com.