http://anafricangrey.ca/privacy.html
Privacy Policies
We are commited to protect the personal information you submited in our website.
This privacy policy describes the consumer personal handling process for our
web site.We do update our policy from time to time without notice so please check back
periodically. All updates will be published at this site.We encourage you to read this
privacy policy to ensure you understand our privacy practices.
Personal Information
We collect personal information when you register with our site for free or paid downloads
or for support and other services we offer. You make the decision whether
to proceed with any activity that requests personal information. If you do not wish to
provide the requested information, however, you may not be able to complete the
transaction or request for the services.
We use personally identifiable information in the following ways:
To provide you with information about products and services we offer
To assist us in creating content that is relevant to you;
To provide you with special offers that may be of interest to you;
To assist us in creating better products and services to meet your needs;
To allow you to purchase and download products, obtain access to services or
otherwise engage in activities you select;
To help you quickly find software, services or product information important to you.
To provide customer feedback and support.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third-parties for marketing
purposes unless you have granted us permission to do so.
We may respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by disclosing your personal
information and other related information, if necessary. We also may choose to establish
or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We may collect and possibly share personal information and any other additional
information available to us in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding
illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the
physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise equired by law.
We will ask you for your opt-in consent to share your personal information with a
third party for any other reason.
Cookies
We may use cookies from time to time. A cookie is a unique text file that a
Web site can send to your browser software. Cookies enable a Web site to tailor
information presented to you based on your browsing preferences. We may use
cookies to personalize your pages at our Service & Support Web site, or to remember you
when you register for products or services. If you do not want us to deploy
cookies in your browser, you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you
when a Web site tries to put a cookie in your browser software. Rejecting cookies may
affect your ability to use of some of the products and/or services at our web site.
We may also use cookies to track your visit to our Web site. While our Web
servers may automatically log your IP address, this information does not identify you
and you remain anonymous.
We use multiple third parties to monitor web traffic, statistics, advertisement
'click-through', and other activities on our sites. Where authorized by
us, such third parties may use cookies, web log files,
web beacons, and other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous aggregate statistics
on our website visitors.
Choice/Opt-Out
We provide a number of ways for you to "opt-out" of receiving additional
information from us or having us provide your personal information to our partners.
We may offer you these choices at the time you give us your information.
HomeLinksContact FormPrivacy PoliciesTerms of Use