https://andantetravels.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Locmariaquer
Find your trip
Search country, keyword or guide…
Date
2021
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
2022
January
February
March
June
July
August
September
Reset
Tour type
Worldwide Escorted Tours
Oberammergau
Ocean Cruise
River Cruise
Cultural Journeys
Bare Bones
UK Tours
Study Days
Romans
Greek
Egyptian
Culture
Rock Art
Great Cities
Christmas and New Year
Short Breaks
Reset
Filters
Expert Guide Lecturer
Professional Tour Manager
Tour Host
Local Guide
Internal flights
Local travel aboard a private air-conditioned coach
Accommodation
All breakfasts
Meals as per the itinerary and specified drinks onboard
Meals as per the itinerary, tea or coffee with dinner
Meals as per the itinerary, wine and tea or coffee with dinner
Meals as per the itinerary, either two glasses of wine, two beers, or two soft drinks and tea or coffee with dinner
Entries to all sites as per the itinerary
All activities as per the itinerary
Tickets to the Oberammergau Passion Play
All taxes & gratuities
Gratuities for hotel porters and waiters at included meals
All transport taxes
Field notes
Port & city taxes
Five journeys by bullet train, 3 journeys by express train & luggage transfers
Hotel Category B (equivalent to 4-star)*
Hotel Category C (equivalent to 3-star)*
Category 2 Tickets for the Passion Play & Passion Play textbook in English
Category 3 Tickets for the Passion Play & Passion Play textbook in English
Celebrity Guest
Reset
Search
Home
Terms and Conditions
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our site. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Reliance on Information Posted and Disclaimer
The materials contained on our site are provided for general information purposes only and do not claim to either be or constitute legal or other professional advice and shall not be relied upon as such.
We do not accept responsibility for any loss that may arise from accessing or relying on the information provided by this site. And, to the fullest extent permitted by English law, we exclude all liability for loss or damages, both direct or indirect, arising from use of this site.
Information About Us
www.andantetravels.co.uk is a site operated by Andante Travels Limited. The term “Andante Travels”,“us” or “we” will always refer to the owner of the website, whose registered office is The Clock Tower, Unit 4 Oakridge Office Park, Southampton Road, Whaddon, Salisbury, SP5 3HT. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Accessing Our Site
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if, for any reason, our site becomes unavailable at any time or for any period.
Intellectual Property Rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights both on our site and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off and download extracts of any page(s) from our site for your personal reference.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences, or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes without first obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Our Site Changes Regularly
We aim to update our site regularly and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Our Liability
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Information About You and Your Visits To Our Site
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Viruses, Hacking and Other Offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would be committing a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act of 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities, and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Links From Our Site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. When accessing a site via our website, we advise you check their terms of use and privacy policies to ensure compliance and also to determine how they may use your information.
Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
The English courts will have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site.
These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of – or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) – shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Your Concerns
If you have any concerns about the material that appears on our site, please contact us at the following email address: tours@andantetravels.com
Thank you for visiting our site.
Newsletter
First Name
*
Last Name
*
Email Address
*
Consent
*
I would like to receive exclusive articles and features by email from Andante Travels and its sister brands at Specialist Journeys.
Are you human?
Data is kept securely according to our Privacy Policy.
Change country?
×
It looks like you’re in the United States.Would you like to use the US site instead?
No thanks
Go to US site