https://appalachianbearrescue.org/privacy/
Skip to content
DONATE TO ABR ABR STORE Donate | StoreTwitter page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new windowFacebook page opens in new window
Home ABOUT ABRMISSION HISTORY & ABR BOARD Visitor & Education Center CORPORATE SPONSORS
GIVINGDonations OTHER WAYS TO HELP US
ABR Store MEMBERSHIP VOLUNTEERING OUR BEARSBear History 2019 Bears 2018 Bears 2017 Bears 2016 Bears 2015 Bears 2014 Bears 2013 Bears 2012 Bears BEAR STORIES “BEAR BYTES” VIDEOS
Events PROGRAMSEDUCATIONAL PROGRAMS ACTIVITIES FOR CHILDREN Beary Good Questions Game Finnegan Bear Jigsaw Puzzle Cecilia Bear Jigsaw Puzzle Bear Foods Crossword Puzzle Mixed-Up Word Puzzle Beary Good Problems to Solve! What Do You Know About Bears?
LIBRARYNews Blog FAQ
CONTACT
ABR Privacy Policy
Appalachian Black Bear Rehabilitation and Release Center Inc. d/b/a Appalachian Bear Rescue (“ABR”) is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated. From time to time, ABR may make changes to its Privacy Policy to serve you better. ABR will use reasonable efforts to publish any such changes in the Privacy Policy.
What information does ABR collect? – We do not collect personal information from our members and visitors other than what is supplied to us on a voluntary basis. When you make a donation to ABR, we ask for personally identifiable information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card number and expiration date, so we can process your donation.
How does ABR use the information supplied from members and visitors? – We may use your information to send you details about our activities, events, campaigns, local volunteer opportunities, and membership and renewal appeals. We use the information you provide about yourself when making a donation only to process that donation. We do not retain credit card numbers or any confidential financial information beyond the period necessary to obtain payment. Under no circumstances do we sell, trade, rent, or otherwise divulge your personal information to others without express written permission.
Does ABR use “cookies” on its Website? – In order to improve our site, we may utilize “cookies” to maintain a record of your visit. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to a web browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. This information does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided the firm with personal identifiable information. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
How does ABR protect your information? – ABR is extremely protective of the information gathered through its membership and website. Our website has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. Our Web server is located in a locked, secure environment. When you make a donation to ABR online, we use a secure server and encryption to protect your financial and other personal information during transmission.
What about privacy policies of websites linked to the ABR site? – Our website contains links to third-party websites. Once you access another website, you are subject to the privacy policy of that website. We do not represent or guarantee that those website policies conform to our own.
Your consent – By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of information by ABR as described in this policy. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will make reasonable efforts to post those changes on this webpage so you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose this information.
Go to Top