https://archway.org/privacy-policy/
Spanning I-80 at Exit 275, the Archway offers a unique historical exhibit that brings American history to life and so much more.
Follow us on Facebook
Plan Your Visit
Ticket Information
Events
About Us
Archway Campus
Connect
Get Involved
Privacy Policy
The Archway Online Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 1, 2018
The Archway, is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to The Archway, website, archway.org, and governs data collection and usage.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website. By using archway.org, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
As a visitor to archway.org, The Archway does not collect personally identifiable information (PII), such as your e-mail address, name, address, telephone number or Social Security number when you visit this website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Use of Cookies
The Archway, website uses “cookies” to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of archway.org website when you visit.
The Archway uses Google Analytics, including Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information about website users. This data helps us make informed website improvements and make the website more useful to you. The types of information collected may include the date and time of your visit; the website pages that you view; the address of the website you came from prior to your visit to archway.org; and your age, gender and interests (as indicated by Google). Using Google Ad Settings you may opt out of Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads. You may also use Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs for the web.
For additional details on Google’s own Privacy Policy, please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
The Archway uses Google AdWords and Remarketing, which relies on the Google Display Network to improve the relevance of online advertisements to website visitors where those websites display advertisements from the Google Display Network.
For additional details on Google’s own Privacy Policy, please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Social Media Websites
In order to best communicate and engage with the users of archway.org, The Archway maintains accounts on third-party websites such as popular social media channels. Information about you and your activity on those sites is governed by the third-party website’s security and privacy policies.
Revisions and Updates to Policy
Due to the nature of this Policy and the Internet, The Archway reserves the right to make updates to this statement. The Archway encourages you to periodically review this Policy to be informed of how your information is being protected. The most recent revision date will be posted on the Policy.
Contact Information
KEARNEY ARCHWAY
3060 E 1st Street
Kearney, Nebraska
Ph: 308.237.1000
Toll Free: 877.511.2724