https://archibaldswinery.com/privacy-policy/
Main Menu
Home
Visit Us
Our Apple Orchard
Our Wines
Our Ciders
Gift Baskets
What’s Happening
Our Story
COVID 19 UPDATE
Archibald Orchards & Estate Winery is here for you! We’re currently welcoming a limited number of people in the Winery & Apple Market. Masks, sanitizing & distancing are required. Sorry but there is no Wine Tasting at this time.  Stay safe everyone!
Privacy Policy
Archibald Orchards & Estate Winery Ltd. (Archibald’s) is committed to preserving and safeguarding your right to privacy. As part of this commitment, Archibald’s wants you to be fully aware of what happens to the personal information which we have in our possession. Accordingly, this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) sets out the manner in which your personal information is collected, used, disclosed and otherwise managed by Archibald’s.
Collection of Personal Information
You are able to visit our Website without providing us with any personal information. However, we collect information about you when you purchase products from us by telephone or through the Website. To place an order, we ask for information, including your name, address, company name (when relevant), telephone number, fax number, e-mail address.  If you purchase one of our products, we will collect your credit card and related payment information. We do not retain any credit card or other payment information after your order has been processed. When you call or e-mail us with a comment or question, you may be asked for information that identifies you, such as your name, address and telephone number, to help us promptly answer your question. We may retain this information to assist you in the future. We also may use your feedback, suggestions and comments to monitor and/or improve our publications, product offerings, and the Website.
Use of Personal Information
We may store and use Personal Information for many purposes including to:
Identifying who you are
Send you e-mail or mobile communications, such as newsletters and promotional offers, on behalf of Archibald’s or third parties;
Send you information regarding the site, including features, products or services;
Contact you with regard to surveys or Promotions in which you have participated;
Complete a transaction or authorize a purchase for our products;
Verify the accuracy of information you submitted to us;
Shipping your order to you
Collect and respond to reports of inappropriate conduct by Visitors;
If we associate any such passively-collected information with Personal Information about you, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information.
Conduct aggregate research or analyze the performance of our products or services;
Monitor, administer or improve the site or develop future web site;
Audit the use of the site;
Customize the advertising and other content on our website to make improvements;
Contact you about the site or inquiries you make through the site;
Monitor compliance with the Terms of Use and other applicable agreements and policies; or for internal business purposes or the purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information.
We will not use the information you provide via a “contact us” or other similar form or address to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your request unless you agree otherwise.
We also may automatically collect general anonymous information related to your use of the Website, such as the date and time you visited the Website and the pages you visited on the Website. In addition, we collect “cookie” information from your browser to identify your computer and provide us with a record of your visits to our Website. The technology used to gather “cookie” information is provided by the Internet browser you use, and may be turned off by using your browser preference buttons. This statistical information helps us to understand how our Website is used (e.g. which pages or sections are most popular and when are the peak activity times) and assists us in planning for future improvements to the Website(s) to better meet our visitors’ needs.
From time to time we may obtain your permission to send you information about our product offerings. If we obtained your permission to place you on an E-newsletter mailing list, you can remove yourself from the list at any time by contacting us or “Unsubscribing” at the bottom of each E-newsletter.
Disclosure of Information:
Except as set out below, we will not otherwise sell, rent, transfer or disclose any of your personal information to any third party without your consent. We may, in our sole discretion, share with third parties information that is not associated with your name or identity, such as web site usage information, anonymous Demographic Information, and aggregate user statistics. We may share Personal Information with third parties as described at the time you provide the information and under the following circumstances:
Service Providers: Certain personal information may be transferred to third party service providers solely for the purpose of processing and/or arranging for the delivery of your order, or providing another service you requested. They may perform certain services for us such as web site hosting, order fulfillment, clearing and processing credit and debit card payments, or performing other services on our behalf.  For instance, we will transfer your address and contact information to Canada Post or in some instances our preferred courier company for the purposes of shipping any products you order. All of our service providers are required to maintain the confidentiality and security of your personal information and to use it only in compliance with applicable privacy laws, and are prohibited from using or disclosing your personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Promotions: If you choose to register for Promotions offered on the site, your Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with such Promotions, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment and as required by law, such as on a winners list. Also, by entering a Promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion.
Co-Sponsors: We may share Personal Information that you provide to us through a Co-Sponsored Site with the Co-Sponsor of that Site. The Personal Information that is shared with a Co-Sponsor will be subject to that Co-Sponsor’s privacy policy. In those cases, a link to the Co-Sponsor’s privacy policy will be provided on the Co-Sponsored Site. You will need to contact that Co-Sponsor directly if you decide that you do not want that Co-Sponsor to use your Personal Information.
Business Transfers: We reserve the right to transfer any personal information we have about you in the event of a merger with a third party or upon a sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party acquirer.
Legal and Safety Obligations: We may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid enquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by law or whereby we believe in good faith that the law requires disclosure. We may also disclose personal information to assist us in collecting a debt owed by you, or otherwise where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or to protect or enforce the rights, interests, or safety of the site, visitors to the site or other third parties; or to respond to an emergency.
Submissions: Pursuant to our Terms of Use , we may publish your name, voice, likeness and other Personal Information in connection with any submissions you may make to the site.
Security of Personal Information:
Archibald’s understands that your privacy and the security of your personal information are important to you. We highlight that no transmission on the Internet is guaranteed to be absolutely secure and, therefore, Archibald’s does not represent or warrant for the complete security of the information provided to Archibald’s and/or its service providers through the Website. You understand that you are providing this information to Archibald’s at your own risk.
However, we have implemented measures in an effort to maintain the confidentiality of all personal information in our custody and control, including only providing access to personal information to employees and authorized service providers who require such information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of personal information in our custody and control. In addition, we only maintain your personal information for as long as necessary for the purposes for which we collected the information, or as otherwise required by law.
Changes to this Privacy Statement. You agree that Archibald’s may, at its sole discretion, modify the Policy at any time with or without notice to you to reflect changes to our personal information practices. The revised Policy shall be posted on the Website. Please review the Policy on a regular basis for any such changes. We will treat your personal information in accordance with the Policy in place at the time of collection of such information, or as you otherwise consent. You agree that your continued use of the Website after any revised Policy has been posted on the Website constitutes your consent to such revised Policy.
Risks & Warnings
Customers should be aware of the following inherent risks and warnings:
Alcohol should be consumed in moderation and never in conjunction with operating a motor vehicle or machinery.  Women should not drink alcoholic beverages during pregnancy because of the risk of birth defects.  Alcohol consumption may cause health problems.
A case of wine is heavy, so extra care should be taken when lifting it. If you are concerned about the weight we advise that you transfer the bottles 1 or 2 at a time.
Red wine in particular may cause staining if spilt so extra care should be taken.
Opening Sparkling wines requires extra care and attention due to the build up of gasses that by nature make it fizzy/bubbly.
Collecting Data:
The methods that we and our service providers may use to automatically collect such information include the following:
Cookies: Cookies are data files that are placed on a computer when it is used to visit a web site. These cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, tracking user preferences and web pages visited while using the site. You may disable cookies using your browser’s preferences. However, some features of the site may not function properly or may operate slowly if you disable the cookies.
Web Beacons: We may include small graphic images called web beacons, also known as “Internet tags” or “clear gifs,” in our web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. We may use web beacons or similar technologies for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count the number of visitors to the site, to monitor how users navigate the site, to count how many e-mails that we sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.
Embedded Scripts: An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the site. It is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our web server or a third party we work with, is active only while you are connected to the site, and is deleted or deactivated thereafter.
Mobile Device Identifiers: Certain mobile service providers uniquely identify mobile devices and we or our third-party service providers may receive such device information if you access the site through mobile devices. Certain features of the site may require collection of mobile phone numbers and we may associate that phone number with the mobile device identifiers. Additionally, some mobile phone service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their service. Depending on the provider, we and our third-party service providers may receive this information.
Parental/Age Advisory
The site is not directed to children or individuals younger than 19. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone younger than 19. In the event that we discover that we collected Personal Information about a child or individual younger than 19, we will delete the Personal Information.
No data transmission over the Internet or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure or hacker proof. While we have implemented security measures, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the site.
Advertisements
Advertisements from third party advertisers (“Advertisers”) may appear on the site. Advertisers may compile information about the advertisements that appear to you while you are using the site and which advertisements you click on. The Advertisers may use cookies, web beacons and other methods of passively collecting such information. The collection of such information through these methods may allow the Advertisers to track each time you are sent an online advertisement from that Advertiser. These Advertisers may use this information to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the methods for collecting information used by these Advertisers or the use of the information that the Advertisers collect.
Third Party Web site
There may be hyperlinks on the site to other web site or locations that are operated and controlled by third parties (“Third Party Web site”). These Third Party Web site may use their own cookies, web beacons and other technology to independently collect information about you. In addition, these Third Party Web site may solicit Personal Information from you. We make no representations regarding the policies or business practices of such Third Party Web site and have no control over the type or use of the information that is collected by these Third Party Web site.
Questions/Contact Us
If you have questions about the site or this Privacy Policy, including how we may collect, store, use or share information about you, please contact us at: archibalds@idirect.com.