https://armsvault.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Blog
Gun News
Reviews
Shooting Range Recap
Events
Misc
Photos
Gun Info
Gun Glossary
Gun Acronyms
Gun Industry Events
Gun Manufacturers
Gun Safety
Gun Discounts
Supporters
Subscribe
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
ArmsVault Privacy PolicyLast Updated: July 21, 2019This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes our current policies regarding collection, use, distribution and protection of personal information you share with us on our website ArmsVault.com (the “Site”).  This Policy does not apply to information collected by or provided to us other than through the Site. Please read this Policy carefully before accessing the Site.By accessing the Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THIS SITE OR THE CONTENT FOUND ON THIS SITE.We may revise this Policy at any time.  Any Policy revisions will be effective upon posting to the Site.  You should review this Policy, each time you visit the Site, to inform yourself of any revisions. Your continued use of the Site will constitute your acceptance of the Policy as revised.The Information We Collect:Personally Identifiable Information: You may voluntarily provide us with certain information that identifies you (the “Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”) including without limitation your name, address and email address through the Site.  In some cases, if you decline to share such information with us, we may not be able to respond to you or provide you with services. Other than as provided in this Policy, we will not use, disclose or share your PII with any third parties, without your consent. Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Non-personally identifiable information (the “Non-PII”) includes any information from which your identity is not readily ascertainable, and may include your internet protocol (or “IP”) address, browser, operating system, pages or content you access while visiting the Site and the date and time of such access. In addition to you voluntarily providing us Non-PII, Non-PII is automatically collected through the Site.Cookies and Tracking Technologies: We may collect information through the Site by way of cookies or other tracking technologies. Cookies and other tracking technologies are script files that facilitate the collection of Non-PII, such as the number of visitors to the Site, and how each visitor arrived at the Site. You may be able to reject or block cookies or tracking technologies on the Site by adjusting your browser settings. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. If you elect to reject cookies and other tracking technologies we may not be able to deliver certain information or services to you.How We Use the Information We Collect:Usage: We only use your information as permitted by law.  We may combine PII, Non-PII and information from external sources. We may use your information to:Communicate with you;Provide you with access to certain tools and services;Obtain your feedback on our Site and service offerings;Statistically analyze user behavior and activity;Improve the Site or our marketing program; andProvide you and people with more relevant content and advertisements;Google Analytics: Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google that utilizes cookies to monitor web-traffic on the Site. We use Google Analytics to collect, track and examine data about the Site’s usage. We may run reports based on the data we collect and we may share the data with other Google services. Google may use the data to personalize and customize the advertisements that are served to you from its advertising network. The Site does not respond to Do Not Track Signals from your browser.Jet Pack: Jet Pack is a web analysis service provided that utilizes cookies to monitor web-traffic on the Site. We use Jet Pack to collect, track and examine data about the Site’s usage. We may run reports based on the data we collect. The Site does not respond to Do Not Track Signals from your browser.Who We Share Your Information With:We may share or transfer information you provide to us or that we collect on the Site with other businesses that we acquire, are acquired by, or with which we merge or partner. In the course of doing business, we may share your information with third parties service providers with whom we contract to support our activities, including maintaining and managing our end-user information, fulfillment processes, payment services, email management, and order and inventory management. We may also determine we need to share your information with law enforcement to (a) comply with the law or with legal process, (b) protect and defend our rights and property, (c) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Site, (d) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public, or (e) in the event of bankruptcy proceedings.Retention of Your InformationWe may retain your questions and feedback in order to improve the Site.  Do not send us any information, ideas, suggestions, proposals or comments that you consider confidential or that you wish to be treated as confidential. If you no longer want us to use or retain the PII you provided to us, you may contact us and request that we delete your PII from our records.Third Party Privacy Practices.The Site may contain links to websites owned by third parties and third party advertisements. This Policy applies only to the Site and its content, and our collection and use of information provided through the Site. Your use of third party sites and content may be governed by such third party’s terms of use or privacy policies. Please review any third party privacy policies before providing Your information on any third party site. We are not liable for or responsible for Your use of third party sites or Third Party Content.SecurityWe will undertake reasonable steps to protect all information, including PII, from unauthorized or accidental access, disclosure, misuse or processing, or from alteration, destruction, or loss.  However, because no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of information you submit to us.Children’s Privacy Because protecting the privacy of young children is especially important, we do not knowingly collect or maintain information from or about persons under 13 years of age. No part of our Site is structured to attract anyone under 13.  If you are under 13, do not use or access the Site at any time or in any manner.  If we learn that PII of persons under 13 has been collected on the Site without verified parental consent, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information.International UsersThe Site is hosted in the United States and is intended for users in the U.S. If you are a consumer accessing the Site from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use and disclosure that differ from U.S. laws, your continued use of the Site, which is governed by U.S. law and these terms, indicates your consent to transfer of your PII and other information to the U.S.Contact InformationIf You have any questions regarding PII or how we treat PII pursuant to this Policy we encourage you to contact us.ArmsVault.com17437 Carey Rd #121Westfield, IN 46074
Share this gun news:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Our Supporters
Home
Company
Tag List
Privacy Policy
Contact
Contact17437 Carey Rd #121
Westfield, IN 46074
Email Us
Follow Us
facebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest
feed
Subscribe to Newsletter