https://asf.net/about/privacy-policy/
1.334.271.5353
info@asf.net
PRIVACY POLICY
At Alabama Shakespeare Festival, we respect your right to privacy and your requirements to control personal information. “Personal information” includes, but is not limited to, name, address, telephone number, email address, and credit card information. ASF does not sell, rent, swap, or otherwise disclose any personal information with any for-profit entities. The intent of this Privacy Statement is to inform users how our site collects, stores and uses personal information.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
No software or hardware techniques are employed to capture a visitor’s email address without their knowledge. Certain applications on Alabama Shakespeare Festival website may require users to register or to provide personal information in order to make a commerce transaction, to enter a contest, or to subscribe to a newsletter. Such personal information is not shared or sold to third parties. To better enable us to serve our patrons, the website may be used as a survey tool to request demographic information. Entry of such information is optional, and if you choose not to enter such information, you can successfully use these applications. If we request demographic information, we will not share your personal information as an individual with any other entity. If we do share demographic information with third parties, we will give them aggregate information only.
MAILING LISTS
If you provide your email address, Alabama Shakespeare Festival may contact you periodically with special offers, information about your upcoming or recent visit, updated information, and new services. Any emails sent to you by Alabama Shakespeare Festival offers you the option to be removed from the email mailing list.
Selected applications on our web site allow visitors to subscribe to our print and email newsletter by providing their names and addresses to Alabama Shakespeare Festival. If you provide Alabama Shakespeare Festival with your email, mailing address, or telephone number, Alabama Shakespeare Festival, in addition to providing you with Alabama Shakespeare Festival newsletter, may also use this information to alert you to updated information and new services. If you wish to be removed from these mailing lists, you may unsubscribe at any time or do so by contacting Alabama Shakespeare Festival directly.
Alabama Shakespeare Festival may provide your name and address to other nonprofit organizations for mutually beneficial programs. Alabama Shakespeare Festival does not rent, sell, or exchange our mailing list with any for-profit entities. You can request at any time that we do not share your name and address with such third parties. Alabama Shakespeare Festival does not monitor or control the privacy policies of third parties.
INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
Alabama Shakespeare Festival may occasionally present a special contest or promotion on its website that is sponsored by another company. To qualify for entry, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share that information with the sponsor(s), we will provide a statement to that effect.
SECURITY USED
Alabama Shakespeare Festival stores all user information in secure databases protected via a variety of access controls. Access controls include password protection, electronic firewalls, and data encryption. SSL encryption is used to protect all personal and financial information, and credit card information is not stored on a Web-enabled server. This data is accessed only for purposes specified in this privacy policy.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Alabama Shakespeare Festival will protect any personal financial information that you share with us. If you make a purchase online, we will use your credit card number only to process your payment and will not use it for marketing purposes. For reasons of security, credit card information is not stored on our web server. We will retain order information for our records, but this information is never shared with third parties.
LINKS
Our site includes links to other websites whose privacy policies we don’t control. Once you leave our servers (you can check where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can’t find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site’s homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information. Alabama Shakespeare Festival is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS
Certain applications in the Alabama Shakespeare Festival website invoke a standard feature found in browser software, called a “cookie.” We use cookies to track the progress of e-commerce transactions and to allow site users to move from one page to the next without having to re-enter personal order information.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements on our behalf. These companies may use cookies or other technologies (such as a 1×1 pixel .gif file, also known as a web beacon), to tailor advertisements you see on the website and third party websites, to track your response to advertisements, report on visitor interaction, and to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
CHILDREN
We do not solicit personal information from children. Sites specifically geared toward children will not request any personal or contact information.
CONTACT US/HOW TO UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You can maintain the accuracy of your personal information by notifying us when you change your address, title, phone number, or email address. If at any time you wish to update your information or stop receiving communication from Alabama Shakespeare Festival, our partners, or selected third parties, contact Alabama Shakespeare Festival by email or by post at:
Alabama Shakespeare Festival
1 Festival Drive
Montgomery, AL 36117
Please include your old and new contact information so that we can make the appropriate corrections. Alabama Shakespeare Festival would like to receive your comments and any questions about this policy. Please address comments or questions regarding Alabama Shakespeare Festival’s privacy practices to the addresses listed above. Alabama Shakespeare Festival may occasionally update this policy. Notice of revisions will be posted here.
ENFORCEMENT OF THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please email us at info@asf.net.
DISCLAIMER
Under no circumstances shall Alabama Shakespeare Festival, its employees or its contractors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages that may result in any way from your use or inability to use the information provided on this or any other web site supported or maintained by Alabama Shakespeare Festival, or from your reliance on or use of information, services or merchandise provided on or through the web site or that result from mistakes, errors, omissions, interruptions, defects, deletion of files, delays in operation or transmission or any failure of performance. If you are dissatisfied with the information provided on this website, or with any of the practices of Alabama Shakespeare Festival in the operation of this website, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the website.