https://ashfordrugbyclubboxoffice.co.uk/privacy-statement.html
Ashford (Kent) Rugby Club Ltd - Privacy Statement and GDPR
The AshfordRugbyClubBoxOffice.co.uk website is principally for
the
promotion and sale of
tickets for fundraising events organised by Ashford (Kent) Rugby Club
Ltd.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) became law on 25th May
2018. This privacy
statement sets out how we believe the use of web analytics and the
collection of other
marketing and personal data via cookies, email, ticketing and payment
systems is GDPR
compliant. Ashford Rugby Club reserves the right to amend its
fundraising and marketing policies
and will amend this
privacy statement accordingly.
The secure hosting for the website is provided on behalf of
the club by
Simply Clicks
Online
Ltd, operating from 2 New Rents, Ashford, Kent TN23 1JH.
The ticketing system
for the Annual Fireworks Display is managed by
Yapsody Inc based in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.
The secure payment system
for the Annual Fireworks Display is managed by
Stripe Payments Europe Ltd., a company incorporated in Ireland with
offices at 1 Grand Canal
Street Lower, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin.
Simply Clicks collects data as follows:
Simply Clicks acts as unpaid advisors to Ashford Rugby Club. Website
visitors are tracked
using two of the leading proprietary web analytics packages. These are
Statcounter and
Google Analytics. Both packages operate by inserting a cookie onto your
web browser the
first time you visit the website. This data is collected in order to
understand how people use
the website and how the website’s performance can be improved. Simply
Clicks regard this
activity as compliant under the General Data Protection Regulation -
GDPR - as based on our
Legitimate Interests Assessment.
Both of these analytics tools are cloud-based. The storage and security
of the information
generated is largely the responsibility of Google and Statcounter.
Simply Clicks also use
other cloud-based tools to store and process data. Such as services
provided by Microsoft
and Yahoo. Some of these cloud-based systems may be physically located
outside of the EU.
We can only assume that their methods and controls are GDPR compliant.
Please click here:
https://www.simplyclicks.com/Privacy-Statement.html
to see details of
Simply Clicks’ own privacy policy and GDPR compliance.
Yapsody collects data as follows:
Ashford Rugby Club manages ticketing and collects ticketing data via
the Yapsody system.
This collects the name and address, email address and phone number of
each person that is
responsible for ticket purchases. This data is used to ensure we match
purchasers via
electronic or paper means with those seeking entry to our events. This
data is not used for
marketing purposes beyond the promotion of the specific event that the
ticket purchase
refers to.
Yapsody stores and processes data outside the EU in the USA and other
places. They,
therefore, operate under special provisions of the GDPR.
Please click here: https://www.yapsody.com/ticketing/privacy-policy/
to
see details of
Yapsody’s own privacy policy and GDPR Compliance.
Stripe collects data as follows:
Stripe principally collects data in order to maintain a record of all
transactions and to ensure
that this is carried out in a safe and secure environment. Stripe may
also collect data for
other purposes beyond the direct control of Ashford Rugby Club. Please
click here:
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
to see details of Stripe’s own privacy
policy and GDPR
compliance.