https://augustbriggswinery.com/policies/
Policies
At August Briggs Winery we recognize and respect our customers’ privacy. We diligently protect the trust you have placed in us. We have developed a Privacy Policy to assure you that the information collected about you is only what is needed for conducting business and offering products and services that might be of interest to you.
Our Policy:
Federal and California state law requires us to request information from each consumer to prove that you are of age to legally purchase alcohol. To process an order, we need your name, home or other physical address, including street name and name of city or town, email address, telephone number, date of birth and credit card number. We understand the sensitivity of this information and maintain our files on a secured server to protect against unauthorized access.
WE DO NOT, AND WILL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, SELL PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANYONE FOR ANY PURPOSE.
Changes to your Personal Information:
In the event you wish to change any of your personal information, please contact us by written notification to our email address at matt@augustbriggswinery.com or call our Customer Service department at 707-942-4912.
Email Opt-out:
We comply with Federal laws in sending offer driven emails. Those who wish to opt out from receiving email offers will have action taken within 1-10 days of the receipt of such a request to opt out at info@augustbriggswinery.com. If you have multiple addresses you will need to opt out for each address in order to be removed from our email database. If you have any concerns with our privacy policy, please contact us at 707-942-4912.
Online Store Policies:
Due to legal restrictions on shipments of wine and other alcoholic beverages, we are only permitted to ship to the following states:
AK,AZ,CA,CO,DC,FL,GA,IA,IL,MD,MI,MN,MO,NC,NH,NM,NV,NY,OH,OR,TX,VA,WA,WI.
If your state is not listed, please contact our office at (707) 942-4912 as each state's wine shipping policies vary.
Tax and or a handling fee will be charged for the following states: AZ- 5.6-9.6%, CA-8.0%, GA-4.0-8.0%, IL-6.25%, MD-9.0%, MI-6.0%, NC-4.75-7.5%, NV–6.35-8.1%, NH- 8.0%, NY-9.0%, OH-5.75-8.0%, TX-6.25-8.5%, VA-5.3-6.0%, WA-6.5-9.5%, WI-5.0-5.6%
ALL WINES ARE SOLD IN CALIFORNIA AND TITLE PASSES TO THE BUYER IN CALIFORNIA. We make no representation to the legal rights of anyone to ship or import wines into any state outside California. The buyer is solely responsible for shipment of wines. By placing an order, you authorize us to act on your behalf to engage a common carrier to deliver your order to you.
All wine orders must be placed by a person 21 years of age or older. Verification of age is required at the time of delivery. We recommend use of a business address to facilitate delivery of your purchase. Wine will not be delivered to a visibly intoxicated person. Failure to produce age verification forfeits the right to receive the shipment until identification is produced. In such circumstances, the order may be held in storage at a local depot of the shipping company until appropriate identification is produced, or it may be shipped back to the winery. All associated costs will be the responsibility of and be charged to the customer.
August Briggs Winery ships on Monday, Tuesday & Wednesday. Please note that orders are processed within 3 days from order date. All shipments are shipped ground unless an air shipment option is selected, for ground service please allow 5-7 business days for normal delivery. We do not ship on major holidays and weekends. Additionally, in cases of extreme weather conditions (i.e. heat and/or cold), August Briggs Winery reserves the right to delay the release of shipments to ensure the highest quality of products at the time of arrival.
Also, at this time we do not ship outside the United States.
Additional charges may apply for residential address. For select states, shipping charges will be charged by an outside shipper and not August Briggs Winery. Please contact the winery directly for any shipping questions.
Return policy:
Under California law, it is unlawful to return wines once sold for a cash or credit refund, except for defective wines, which may be returned with original cork for replacement within 90 days of purchase. As wine is considered a food product and is perishable, there is no refund of the original purchase but rather a winery credit will be given in the amount of the cost of the product. If there is a problem caused by freight damage, we will work on your behalf to gain reimbursement from the appropriate freight company. Shipping and handling costs are non-refundable unless we have shipped you the incorrect item.
Inquiries - If you need to inquire about your order, please email matt@augustbriggswinery.com