http://automobiles.honda.com/information/legal-terms
Visit Honda Automobiles homepage
menu
Vehicles
FUTURE
Arriving Spring 2021
LEARN MORE
PRE-OWNED
SHOP CERTIFIED
Conditions apply.*
Shopping Tools
build_price
Build & Price
See Offers
search-icon
Search Inventory
Estimate Payments
Buy Online Dealer Icon
Buy Online
Trade-In Value
Honda Financial Services
Buyer’s Guide
Apply For Financing
Owners
Owners Site
Owner's Manual & Warranties
Schedule Service
Shop Parts & Accessories
Certified Body Shop Locator
Roadside Assistance
Pay My Bill
Recalls
Customer Service
Explore
Honda Safety
Honda Sensing®
Rugged Capability
Electrified Vehicles
News & Events
Honda Racing
Honda in the Community
Honda on Inclusion and Diversity
Find a Dealer
Language
English
Español
GO
Please Enter Your ZIP Code
Please enter a valid ZIP Code
We can’t determine your current location. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.
Use my current location
ENTER ZIP CODE
CANCEL
Are you sure?
Your ZIP Code helps us search inventory at dealers near you.
ENTER ZIP CODE
CANCEL
Terms and Conditions
Applicability
The following terms and conditions apply to all American Honda Web Sites that are owned, operated, and maintained by or for American Honda Motor Co., Inc. and its United States subsidiaries and affiliates (“America Honda”) including (1) www.honda.com, www.acura.com and other American Honda websites on which these terms and conditions are linked; (2) American Honda mobile applications; and (3) the social media accounts and/or pages that we control. American Honda websites, applications and social media accounts are collectively referred to in these terms and conditions as the “Site.”
These terms and conditions do not apply to: (1) a limited number of American Honda websites that are governed by separate terms and conditions or (2) your interaction with or use of the website of any Honda or Acura dealer. Please also note that this Site contains hyperlinks to a separate world.honda.com website that is owned and operated by our parent company, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. to which these terms and conditions do not apply.
General Provisions
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS TOGETHER WITH THE PRIVACY POLICY, ANY SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS, CONDITIONS, OR RULES POSTED TO A SPECIFIC AREA OF THIS SITE (“TERMS”) SET FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS GOVERNING YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.
By entering this Site, you acknowledge and agree to all terms, conditions, and rules stated in these Terms. You are not permitted to use this Site if you do not agree to be legally bound by these Terms. Please read these Terms carefully.
We may, in our sole discretion, modify these Terms from time to time and we reserve the right to make changes at any time, without notice or obligation, to any of the content and information contained on this Site, including but not limited to automobile colors, specifications, accessories, models, materials or other product or service features. By entering this Site you acknowledge and agree that you shall be bound by any such revisions. We suggest periodically visiting this page of the Site to review these Terms.
Jurisdiction and Governing Law
American Honda makes no representations that the information and materials contained within this Site are appropriate for locations outside the United States. By entering this Site you acknowledge and agree that, unless otherwise expressly stated, this Site is intended for use within the United States only and will only be governed according to the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws principles. If you use this Site from other locations you are responsible for compliance with any and all applicable local laws.
Disclaimer of Warranties
This Site, and all information and materials contained herein, is provided to you on an "AS IS" and “AS AVAILABLE” basis, and AT YOUR OWN RISK TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. Although the specifications, features, illustrations, equipment, warranties, service manuals, recalls, safety tips, and other information contained in the Site are based upon up-to-date information, and while American Honda and all parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering this Site make all reasonable efforts to ensure that all material on this Site is correct, accuracy cannot be guaranteed. WE DISCLAIM, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ALL WARRANTIES REGARDING SECURITY, CURRENCY, CORRECTNESS, QUALITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, PERFORMANCE, TIMELINESS, OR CONTINUED AVAILABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE. We expressly disclaim, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any warranties with respect to any downtime, delays or errors in the transmission or delivery of any information, materials, or services through the Site. To the extent any jurisdiction does not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, some of the above exclusions do not apply.
General Product, Services, and Financing Information
This Site provides information, including but not limited to specific product pricing, product specifications, used car values, service contracts, budget calculators, financial calculators, current financing offers, and basic company information for informational purposes only and nothing contained herein constitutes financial advice or an offer to sell, finance, or lease a specific product or service to you unless otherwise expressly acknowledged and apparent from the particular content.
The MSRPs (manufacturer's suggested retail price) listed on this Site exclude tax, title, license, registration, destination charge, options and any dealer documentary fees. Dealers set actual prices. All trade-in values obtained from Kelley Blue Book are estimates and the actual value of the vehicle may be higher or lower depending upon the condition of your vehicle, equipment and local market conditions. For some newer models, Kelley Blue Book may not have enough data to provide a trade-in value.
Our financial calculators’ estimated payments exclude applicable taxes, title, registration, license, and documentary fees. The current finance or lease options are offered only on approved credit through Honda Financial Services or Acura Financial Services, may not be available in all areas of the United States, and not all Honda and Acura dealers may participate in these programs. Current offers do not constitute an offer of direct financing or of any particular lease or purchase transaction. Rates and requirements vary based on geographic location and credit worthiness. For example, lease rates and payments will be higher for customers and dealers in New York State.
This Site also posts certified used car inventories provided from individual authorized Honda and Acura certified used car dealers. You acknowledge that American Honda is neither responsible nor guarantees the accuracy of any information provided and that all vehicles are subject to prior sale. You understand that dealers set their own prices, all prices and specifications are subject to change without notice, and prices may not include additional fees such as government fees and taxes, title and registration fees, finance charges, dealer document preparation fees, processing fees, and emission testing and compliance charges.
As a result, this Site shall not be used or relied upon by you as a substitute for information that is available to you from a third party advisor or from an authorized Honda or Acura dealer.
American Honda’s Intellectual Property
American Honda will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the full extent of the law. All images, text, sound, photos, custom graphics, button icons, the collection and compilation and assembly thereof, and the overall “look and feel” and distinctiveness of the Site constitute trade dress and are either the property of American Honda or used on this Site with permission. The absence on the Site of our name or logo does not constitute a waiver of our trademark or other intellectual property rights relating to such name or logo. All other product names, company names, marks, logos, and symbols appearing on the Site may be the trademarks and the property of their respective owners.
You acknowledge and agree that information, and services available on the Site are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights and laws and are owned or licensed by American Honda. Except as expressly authorized by American Honda, either in these Terms or elsewhere, you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit, or create derivative works from the System, information, or services. Without waiving any of the foregoing rights, you may print or download information or products from the Site for your own personal, non-commercial home use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Systematic retrieval of information or services from the Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database, or directory without written permission from American Honda is prohibited.
General Submissions
You agree that you will not post on this Site, or transmit to this Site, any pornographic, obscene, profane, defamatory, libelous, threatening, unlawful or other material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law or regulation. Notwithstanding the fact that American Honda or other parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering this Site, may monitor or review transmissions, postings, discussions, or chats, American Honda and all parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering this Site, assume no responsibility or liability that may arise from the content thereof, including but not limited to claims for defamation, libel, slander, obscenity, pornography, profanity, or misrepresentation. By entering this Site you acknowledge and agree that any communication or material you transmit to this site or American Honda in any manner and for any reason, is subject to review and removal, and will not be treated as confidential and/or proprietary to you, unless otherwise expressly stated in a particular area of this Site or in our Privacy Policy (such as information submitted through Honda Financial Services or Acura Financial Services for account access). Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that any ideas, concepts, techniques, procedures, methods, systems, designs, plans, charts, or other materials you transmit to American Honda may be used by American Honda anywhere, anytime, and for any reason whatsoever.
Photo Submissions. Some areas on this Site allow you to submit personal photos. The general purpose of such submissions is to provide a visual and textual representation of your American Honda product. We suggest you attach a high-quality photo of your product and provide an accurate, textual description that is both clear and relevant. You understand that not all types of photos are appropriate for use and all photos submitted are subject to review and removal. The following is a list of general photo restrictions:
Photos cannot be sexually explicit or suggestive, unnecessarily violent or derogatory of any ethnic, racial, gender, religious, professional or age group, profane or pornographic, or contain nudity;
Photos cannot promote alcohol, illegal drugs, tobacco, firearms/weapons (or the use of any of the foregoing), any activities that may appear unsafe or dangerous, or any particular political agenda or message;
Photos cannot be obscene, offensive, or endorse any form of hate or hate group;
Photos cannot defame, misrepresent or contain disparaging remarks about American Honda or its products, or other people, products or companies;
Photos cannot contain trademarks, logos or trade dress owned by others, or advertise or promote any brand or product of any kind other than Honda or Acura, without permission, or contain any personal identification, such as license plate numbers, personal names, e-mail addresses or street addresses;
Photos cannot contain copyrighted materials owned by others (including photographs, sculptures, paintings and other works of art or images published on or in websites, television, movies or other media) without permission;
Photos cannot contain materials embodying the names, likenesses, photographs, or other indicia identifying any person, living or dead, without permission;
Photos cannot communicate messages or images inconsistent with the positive images and/or goodwill to which American Honda wishes to associate; and
Photos cannot depict a violation, and cannot themselves, be in violation of any law.
By submitting a photo, you acknowledge that your photo may be posted on this Site, at our discretion. We reserve the right to, and may or may not, monitor/screen photos prior to posting them to the Site. By submitting a photo, you acknowledge that we have no obligation to use or post any photo you submit.
By submitting a photo you warrant and represent that: (a) it is your original work and accurately reflects your experience with our product and that depictions are known to be true and are based upon your use of our product; (b) it has not been previously published; (c) it has not received previous awards; (d) it does not infringe upon the copyrights, trademarks, rights of privacy, publicity or other intellectual property or other rights of any person or entity; (e) you have obtained permission from a person whose name, likeness or voice is used in the photo (if any); (f) and that publication of the photo via various media, including Web posting, will not infringe on any third party rights; and (g) you will indemnify and hold harmless both American Honda and any parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering the photo submission from any claims to the contrary.
By submitting a Photo, you agree that your submission is gratuitous, made without restriction, will not place American Honda under any obligation, and that we are free to disclose or otherwise disclose the ideas contained in the photo on a non-confidential basis to anyone or otherwise use the ideas without any additional compensation to you.
You understand that submitting a photo grants American Honda and its agents an unlimited worldwide perpetual license and right to publish and use the photo in any way, in any and all media, without limitation, and without consideration to you. You acknowledge that, by acceptance of your submission, we do not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to us, or developed by American Honda’s employees, or obtained from sources other than you.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice
Copyright Infringement Notification
American Honda Motor Co., Inc. (“American Honda Motor”) is committed to complying with U.S. copyright law and to respond to claims of copyright infringement. American Honda Motor will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c) (“DMCA”).
If you are an intellectual property rights holder and believe your rights have been infringed, please read the following. Pursuant to the DMCA, notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to a Service Provider’s Designated Agent. Notification must be submitted to the following Designated Agent for this site in the matter described below:
By Mail: DMCA Agent, 700 Van Ness Ave, Torrance, CA 90501
By Email: dmca@ahm.honda.com
Phone: 310-781-4900
For your complaint to be valid under the DMCA, you must provide all of the following information when providing notice of the claimed copyright infringement:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of the infringing activity, and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, as well as information reasonably sufficient to permit American Honda Motor to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit American Honda Motor to contact the copyright owner, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
For more details on the information required for valid notification, see 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3)
You should be aware that, under the DMCA, claimants who make misrepresentations concerning copyright infringement may be liable for damages incurred as a result of the removal or blocking of the material, court costs, and attorney fees.
Limitation of Liability
By using this Site you agree that, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, none of the parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering this Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages, or any other losses, costs, or expenses or any kind which may arise, directly or indirectly, through the access to, use of, implementation of, or browsing of this Site or through your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from this Site, including but not limited to anything caused by any viruses, bugs, or any computer system, phone line, hardware, software or program malfunctions, or any other errors, failures or delays in computer transmissions or network connections.
Dispute Resolution
Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or related to these Terms or the Site, including, but not limited to, alleged violations of state or federal statutory or common law rights or duties (a “Dispute”) shall be solely and exclusively resolved according to the procedures set forth in this paragraph. If the parties are unable to resolve any Dispute through informal means, either party may initiate binding arbitration of such Dispute by sending notice demanding arbitration to the other party. The demand for arbitration shall be made within a reasonable time after the Dispute has arisen, but in no event shall it be made more than one year from when the aggrieved party knew or should have known of the controversy, claim or facts forming the basis of the Dispute. The arbitration shall be initiated and conducted according to American Arbitration Association rules and procedures for consumer arbitration (the “Arbitration Rules”). The arbitration shall be conducted in Los Angeles County, California before a single neutral arbitrator appointed in accordance with the Arbitration Rules with the option to appeal the arbitrator’s decision to Optional Appellate Arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Rules. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the arbitrator shall not have the power to award punitive, special, consequential or indirect damages against any party. Arbitration costs and fees shall be determined in accordance with the Arbitration Rules. Attorneys’ fees shall be borne by each party independently and no party shall be liable for the attorneys’ fees of the other party. No disputes may be arbitrated on a class or representative basis and the arbitrator may not consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated. BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO JOIN CLAIMS OR DISPUTES WITH THOSE OF OTHERS IN THE FORM OF A CLASS ACTION, CLASS ARBITRATION OR SIMILAR PROCEDURAL DEVICE; AND WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO PRESENT ITS CLAIM OR DISPUTE IN A COURT OF LAW. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s), if any, may be entered for enforcement purposes in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold American Honda, our affiliates, subsidiaries, joint ventures, third-party service providers, employees, contractors, agents, officers, and directors harmless from any and all liability, claims, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) that arise out of or are related to your violation of these Terms or use of the Site.
Sweepstakes
The Site offers sweepstakes from time to time. While no purchase is necessary to enter any such sweepstakes, you agree to comply with the official rules of the relevant sweepstakes advertised on this Site. Please do not enter if you are not a permanent resident of the eligible geographic area, or if you are otherwise ineligible as set forth in the particular sweepstake’s official rules. Entries received from persons residing outside of the eligible geographic areas, from other persons otherwise ineligible, or where restricted or prohibited by law will be disqualified.
Careers
This Site offers job opening information across many American Honda entities and provides mediums for you to apply and submit your resume. You understand that nothing contained herein constitutes an offer of employment by any American Honda entity.
Privacy & Security
Our Privacy Policy is incorporated into these Terms. You acknowledge that the requesting URLs of the machine originating the request and the time of the request are logged for access statistics and security purposes and agree that your use of this Site constitutes consent to such monitoring. To access portions of this Site, you are required to obtain a user name and/or password. In such cases, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any such user name or password and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under such name and password. You understand that you can help protect your user name, password and personal information by logging out of password protected web pages before you close your browser. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your user name or password. American Honda maintains exclusive control of access and right of access to this Site. You understand and agree that we reserve the right to revoke your registration at any time without notice or cause of action for any reason whatsoever.
Links
This Site may contain links to or be accessed through links that are owned and operated by independent third parties such as authorized Honda and Acura dealers, Kelley Blue Book, body shops, and off-road riding schools, to which these Terms do not apply. We provide links as a convenience and the inclusion of the link does not imply that American Honda endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content on those sites. American Honda is not responsible for content including but not limited to advertising claims, special offers, illustrations, names or endorsement, or the availability, operation or performance of authorized Honda and Acura dealers or any other sites, to which this Site may be linked to or from which this Site may be accessed. Further, American Honda is not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with the linked site, unless specifically stated therein. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk. We recommend that you review any terms of use statement and privacy policy before using any other linked site.
License
Loans will be arranged or made pursuant to a Department of Corporations California Finance Lenders License. CFL License Nos. 6031969, 6031970, 6051562.
Contact Information
1-800-999-1009
LAST UPDATED: February 17, 2017
Specific Website Provisions
This section addresses this Site’s unique functionality and offerings specific to particular areas of this Site and serves as a supplement to the General Provisions above.
powersports.honda.com
powerequipment.honda.com
owners.honda.com and owners.acura.com
hondafinancialservices.com
hondafinancialservices.com/ir
acurafinancialservices.com
greendealer.honda.com
powersports.honda.com
Honda Card
The Honda Card program sponsored by Honda Card and GE Capital Consumer Card Company and the revolving charge card is only valid for the purchase of Honda motorcycle-, ATV-, scooter- or personal watercraft-related items at participating Dealers.  See the Honda Card Online Credit Pre-approval Web pages and the cardholder application/agreement for more details at http://powersports.honda.com
offroad.honda.com
Photo disclaimer.  All riders shown on established trails in approved riding areas.
Where to Ride Trail Locator.  Offroad.honda.com provides trail information for reference purposes only.  American Honda does not endorse the safety or conditions of any trails identified on this Site and you acknowledge that there are inherent risks, dangers, and hazards associated with riding mechanical equipment and that you are responsible for your own safety.  American Honda is not responsible for any property damage, personal injury, death or loss that may occur to any property, you or others while making use of referenced trails.  American Honda is not responsible for any inaccuracies or errors in the referenced trail locations.  All trail locations are approximate locations.  All trail difficulty and/or riding skill ratings are listed as suggested guidelines only and will vary based on conditions and rider ability.  Contact the local trail administrator, governing body, or local authorities for updated trail information before you go.
Honda Riding Education Centers.  Offroad.honda.com allows you to request a Motorcycle Safety Foundation Dirtbike  School class and submit your preferred date for participation.  You acknowledge that this submission does not guarantee your preferred date at the particular location and you must schedule dates with a representative of the selected location.
BACK TO TOP
powerequipment.honda.com
Honda Power Equipment Credit Card
The Honda Power Equipment Credit Card program sponsored by Honda Power Equipment and Wells Fargo Financial National Bank.  Wells Fargo issues the card.  See the Honda Power Equipment Credit Card Online Credit Web pages and the cardholder application/agreement for more details.
BACK TO TOP
owners.honda.com and owners.acura.com
Honda Owners and Acura Owners sites generally
The Honda Owners/Acura Owners sites allow users to create a Honda ID/Acura ID and Password to gain access to your account and vehicle information, although it is not required for access to the site itself.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Honda ID/Acura ID and Password, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Honda ID/Acura ID and Password.  We reserve the right to terminate your Honda ID/Acura ID and/or Password for use on this site for any reason, with or without prior notice.  More details are available within site "Help".
Vehicle Information
Service records may include manually entered information and data derived from authorized Honda and Acura dealers. American Honda has not independently verified such information and does not guarantee its accuracy.
Financial Account Profile
Any changes to your Honda Financial Services or Acura Financial Services account profile will be reflected on your account within one (1) business day.  For lease accounts, an address change may affect the type and amount of tax you pay and your monthly payment.  The Easy Pay online feature allows you to electronically pay bills including but not limited to your scheduled monthly payment, NSF fees, and property taxes. If you choose to set up this feature, the AHFC Easy Pay Enrollment Process Terms and Conditions will apply in addition to these Terms.  You acknowledge that any payment transacted after 5:00 PM PST (Pacific Standard Time) or on a non-business day will be posted the following business day.  Business Day as used means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is not a legal holiday or a day on which commercial banks are authorized, or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.
eStore
eStore is developed and supported by American Honda to assist consumers in purchasing Genuine Honda & Acura Parts and Accessories directly from their local participating Honda & Acura dealer, using the convenience of the internet.  You understand that when you purchase an item on eStore, you are purchasing from one of hundreds of participating Honda or Acura Dealers and not from American Honda. Each participating Honda or Acura Dealer determines their own pricing and from time to time may offer discounts on select items.
BACK TO TOP
hondafinancialservices.com
Honda Financial Services is a DBA of American Honda Finance Corporation. Honda Financial Services, Honda Care, Hondacare Protection Plan, Honda Care Maintenance, Honda Care Sentinel, Leadership Leasing, Leadership Purchase Plan, iDeal, EasyPay, VIPS, Maintenance Minder, Honda, and the H-mark symbol are trademarks of Honda Motor Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
American Honda Finance Corporation is the copyright owner of hondafinancialservices.com. American Honda Motor Co., Inc. is the copyright owner of the “Applying Online” content, a feature of hondafinancialservices.com. No portion of this site, including but not limited to the text, images, audio or video, may be used in any manner, for any purpose without the express written permission, except as provided herein. Without waiving any of the above rights, you may download a copy of the material on this site for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice.
This site allows you to choose a Honda ID and Password to gain access to your account and vehicle information. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Honda ID and Password, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Honda ID and Password. We reserve the right to terminate your Honda ID and/or Password for use on this site for any reason, with or without prior notice.
Any changes to your Honda Financial Services account profile will be reflected on your account within one (1) business day. For lease accounts, an address change may affect the type and amount of tax you pay and your monthly payment. The Easy Pay online feature allows you to electronically pay bills including but not limited to your scheduled monthly payment, NSF fees, and property taxes. If you choose to set up this feature, the AHFC Easy Pay Enrollment Process Terms and Conditions will apply in addition to these Terms.
You acknowledge that any payment transacted after 5:00 PM PST (Pacific Standard Time) or on a non-business day will be posted the following business day. Business Day as used means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is not a legal holiday or a day on which commercial banks are authorized, or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.
BACK TO TOP
hondafinancialservices.com/ir
You may obtain investor relations information without providing personally identifiable information.
BACK TO TOP
acurafinancialservices.com
Acura Financial Services is a DBA of American Honda Finance Corporation. Acura Financial Services, Acura Care, Acrua Care Maintenance, Acura Luxury Lease, Acura Loyalty Advantage, Leadership Purchase Plan, Momentum Miles, Mileage Forgiveness, iDeal, EasyPay, VIPS, Acura, and the stylized "A" logo are trademarks of Honda Motor Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
American Honda Finance Corporation is the copyright owner of acurafinancialservices.com. American Honda Motor Co., Inc. is the copyright owner of the “Applying Online” content, a feature of acurafinancialservices.com. No portion of this site, including but not limited to the text, images, audio or video, may be used in any manner, for any purpose without the express written permission, except as provided herein. Without waiving any of the above rights, you may download a copy of the material on this site for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice.
This site allows you to choose an Acura ID and Password to gain access to your account and vehicle information. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Acura ID and Password, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Acura ID and Password. We reserve the right to terminate your Acura ID and/or Password for use on this site for any reason, with or without prior notice.
Any changes to your Acura Financial Services account profile will be reflected on your account within one (1) business day. For lease accounts, an address change may affect the type and amount of tax you pay and your monthly payment. The Easy Pay online feature allows you to electronically pay bills including but not limited to your scheduled monthly payment, NSF fees, and property taxes. If you choose to set up this feature, the AHFC Easy Pay Enrollment Process Terms and Conditions will apply in addition to these Terms.
You acknowledge that any payment transacted after 5:00 PM PST (Pacific Standard Time) or on a non-business day will be posted the following business day. Business Day as used means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is not a legal holiday or a day on which commercial banks are authorized, or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.
BACK TO TOP
greendealer.honda.com
Honda Green Dealer
Email Newsletters.  You may decide that you wish to sign up to receive email newsletters on Honda environmentally responsible products & technology, “green dealer” guideline updates, and/or other site features. In doing so, you will be required to provide your email address and occupation, and asked to submit your first name, last name, country of origin, and organization. Requesting email newsletters and providing your personal information is your choice.
Download the “Green Dealer” Guide.  You may download the “green dealer” guideline. In doing so, you will be required to provide your email address and occupation, and asked to submit your first name, last name, country of origin, and organization before your download begins. Downloading the “green dealer” guideline and providing your personal information is your choice.
Locate a “Green Dealer” & “Green Dealers” by Award Level.  Dealerships referenced herein are Honda and Acura dealers, which are independent from American Honda. Visiting these dealers online or in person is your personal choice.
BACK TO TOP
Close
!
PREV
MODEL
NEXT