http://bargetto.com/privacy-policy/
Choose Brand
Bargetto
Chaucer’s
La Vita
Shop All
Cart
/ My Account
Our Story
Our Wines
Our History
Meet the Bargettos
Our Winemaker
Our Vineyard
Sustainability
Accolades
Blog
Shop
All BARGETTO Wine
Red Wine
White Wine
Reserve Wine
Bargetto Dessert Wine
Gift Ideas
Accessories
Chef Luigi Vinegar
Shipping Info
Visit Us
Visit Information
Historic Winery & Tasting Room in Santa Cruz
Monterey Tasting Room on Cannery Row
Wine Club
About the Wine Club
Bargetto Wine Club
Regan Vineyards Wine Club
Chaucers Wine Club
Release Schedule
Events
About
Upcoming Winery Events
Weddings and Private Events
Recipes & Pairings
Our Recipe’s and Pairings
Privacy Statement
BARGETTO WINERY has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to provide a secure and trustworthy Internet commerce experience and the individual’s right to privacy.
Consent
By using this Web site, you consent to the collection and use of the information as described here. If we decide to make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you will always know what information we collect, and how we use it.
Use and Purpose of Collected Personal Data
On our BARGETTO WINERY websites (bargetto.com, chaucerswine.com and lavitawine.com), we only store personal information relating to you with your permission. You may choose to reveal information to us if, for example, you make an online purchase. BARGETTO WINERY may use the information in connection with processing your inquiries and orders, to market our products and services to you or to help improve our products and services.
We do not share such information with third parties outside BARGETTO WINERY.
Privacy on our Website
As a California based company, BARGETTO WINERY operates two wine shops and participates in outside festivals. Any information that you submit to one of our shops or festival staff members, such as a “Join our mailing list” slip, or on our Website may be entered electronically to our third-party email list server with your consent. We safeguard your privacy interests by ensuring that this BARGETTO WINERY site adheres to data-protection principles described in this statement.
We bind our employees to observe your privacy and confidentiality rights.
Online Security
BARGETTO WINERY supports secure online shopping using secure server technology because we want your shopping experience to be simple and safe. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption for information you provide on our Website for ecommerce transactions.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement – if, for example, you wish to inspect or update the information we hold about you – feel free to contact:
BARGETTO WINERY
3535 North Main Street
Soquel, CA 95073
Or contact us by email at customerservice@bargetto.com or by phone at (831) 475-2258 ext. 28.
Policies
Shipping
Donations
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Locations
Santa Cruz Tasting Room
3535 North Main Street
Soquel, CA 95073
(831) 475-2258 ext. 14
Hours:
Open Daily 12:00 - 5:00
Monterey Tasting Room
700-G Cannery Row
Monterey, CA 93940
(831) 373-4053
Hours:
Sun - Thurs.
11:00 - 6:30
Fri - Sat 11:00 - 7:00
All Of Our Sites
BARGETTO
LA VITA
CHAUCER’S
Shop All
Customer Service
Contact Us
Corporate Gifts
FAQs
Policies
Shipping
Donations
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Connect With Us
Join Our Email List
*
Trade & Media