https://bassinusa.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
BASSIN’ USA PRIVACY POLICY
Here at Bassin’ USA we take your privacy seriously. The following will explain more about our privacy policy.
NOTE: For important information from the Federal Trade Commission regarding safe browsing on the Internet please click here
Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers Bassin’ USA’s treatment of personally identifiable information that Bassin’ USA collects when you are on the Bassin’ USA site, and when you use Bassin’ USA’s services. This policy also covers Bassin’ USA’s treatment of any personally identifiable information that Bassin’ USA’s business partners share with Bassin’ USA.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Bassin’ USA does not own or control, or to people that Bassin’ USA does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
Bassin’ USA collects personally identifiable information when you register for a Bassin’ USA account, when you use certain Bassin’ USA services or when you visit Bassin’ USA pages, and when you enter contests, promotions or sweepstakes. Bassin’ USA may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners.
When you sign up as a member with Bassin’ USA, we ask for your name, e-mail address, birth date, gender, zip code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. Once you register with Bassin’ USA and log in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Bassin’ USA also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including you’re your IP address, Bassin’ USA cookie information and the page you requested.
Bassin’ USA uses information for three main purposes:
To customize the advertising and content you see.
To fulfill your requests for certain products and services.
To contact you about specials and new products.
Disclosure and Information Sharing
Bassin’ USA will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
Bassin’ USA may send personal information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information.
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested.
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Bassin’ USA to provide a product or service to you. (Unless otherwise specified, these companies do not have the right to use your personal information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.).
We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process.
We find that your actions on our web site violate the Bassin’ USA Terms of Service or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Cookies
Bassin’ USA may set and access Bassin’ USA cookies on your computer.
Bassin’ USA allows other companies that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies’ use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Bassin’ USA’s cookies.
Editing Your Membership Information
Bassin’ USA gives you the ability to edit your Bassin’ USA Membership Information at any time, including whether you want Bassin’ USA to contact you about specials offers and new products.
Security
Your Bassin’ USA Membership Information is protected for your privacy and security.
Privacy Policy Changes
Bassin’ USA may make amendments to this policy from time to time. If we make any significant changes regarding the use of your personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our site.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have any questions or suggestions please e-mail us info@bassinusa.com
Share56
Brendan
Related postsJanuary 5, 2012BASSIN USA OFFICIAL LOGOSRead moreDecember 15, 2011Terms of ServiceRead more