https://bbxrafting.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
BBX > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
BIO BIO EXPEDITION’S PRIVACY POLICY
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Bio Bio Expeditions treats personal information that the company collects and receives via email, our website, customer responses to our promotions and via phone inquiries. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
Information Collection and Use
Bio Bio Expeditions collects personal information when you sign up for our newsletter, book a trip and/or when you take advantage of special offers we make to our website visitors and clients. When you register we ask for personal information such as your name, email address, home address, phone number.
Cookies
Our website also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address and the page you request for purposes of tracking overall site visitor volume and pageviews.
Bio Bio Expeditions may choose to use this information for the following general purposes:
To customize the information you receive from us.
Fulfill your requests for adventure travel trips.
Improve our website, email newsletter and client services.
Create special promotions.
Conduct customer research.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Bio Bio Expeditions does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or companies unless we are required to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims or when we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or as otherwise required by law.
Your information will only be used to provide products or services you’ve requested when we have your permission to contact you according to the following circumstances:
You have entered a Bio Bio Expeditions sponsored promotion.
You have requested information from us.
You have requested to receive our newsletter.
You book a trip with us.
A friend has suggested we contact you and you have agreed to opt-in to receive information from us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Bio Bio Expeditions may update this policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified by you or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please contact us at:
Bio Bio Expeditions
800-249-7238
Privacy Policy
Got Questions?
Call us: 1-800-246-7238 By Email: info@bbxrafting.com
Office hours: 9:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. Monday – Friday PST
Activities
Archaeology/History
Fishing
Hiking/Trekking
Horseback Riding
Mountain Biking
Rafting
Sailing
Scuba Diving
Sea Kayaking
Whitewater Kayaking
Wildlife Viewing
Destinations
Africa: Custom & Luxury Safaris
Africa: Kilimanjaro
Africa: Morocco
Africa: Zambezi
Antarctica
Bhutan, Nepal & India
Central America
Chile & Argentina
Europe
Fiji & New Zealand
Galapagos Islands
North America
Peru
About our Company
Letter from the Owners
Meet our Guides
Recent Press
Newsletters
Our Blog
Contact Us
Our Adventures
Wilderness Medicine CME
Veterinary Medicine CE
Warrior One CME
Custom & Private Trips
Search Trips
Search for: