http://beauce.org/policies#COE
Skip to content
Anti-Discrimination and Harassment Policy
North American Beauceron Club (dba American Beauceron Club) does not and shall not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status in any of its activities or operations.
These activities include, but are not limited to, hiring and firing of staff, selection of volunteers and vendors, and provision of services. We are committed to providing an inclusive and welcoming environment for all members of our staff, clients, volunteers, subcontractors, vendors, and clients.
Neither membership, nor full participation in the activities of this Club, shall be denied to any person on account of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation or disability.
Adopted April 6, 2014
Code of Ethics
This code establishes a standard of conduct to be followed by all members of the ABC in the normal course of owning, exhibiting, judging, breeding and selling Beaucerons.  Recognizing the impossibility of covering every situation that may arise, it is the spirit, rather than the letter of the Code that shall apply.
The main emphasis for breeding Beaucerons will be to preserve the herding and working ability and other outstanding qualities of character of this breed, as well as its appearance.
Measures should be taken to acquaint the general public with the contents of this Code so that they may not become innocent partners in improper breeding practices, and a detrimental use of the Beauceron.
Responsibilities as a member of the ABC:
1.   Support and abide by the American Beauceron Club Constitution and By-laws.
2.   Support and abide by the ABC Code of Ethics.
3.   Support and abide by the AKC standard for the Beauceron.
4.   Abide by all AKC rules and regulations where they pertain.
5.   Consider the health and welfare of the animals in your care, as well as the health and welfare of the breed in general, as uppermost in importance.
6.   Whenever possible, maintain contact with the breeder of your dog advising him/her of the dog’s progress, any training or health problems that may occur.
7.   Never to abandon or dispose of your Beauceron in a shelter or a pound.  If unable or unwilling to care for your dog, to contact the breeder or the ABC to enlist his/her support in finding a new home.
8.   Support Beauceron Rescue programs to the best of your ability realizing it serves as the final safety net for Beaucerons facing life-threatening situations.
9.   Conduct yourself in a manner to reflect credit upon yourself, the breed and the Club whether at home, at shows or traveling by:
Displaying good sportsmanship at all times.
Refraining from false or malicious criticism (hurtful or mean-spirited comments) about a competitor’s dog, breeder or owner.
Refraining from false or malicious criticism about a judge’s decision.  No member shall make false or malicious comments to any judge in writing, in public or in private regarding dogs belonging to others.
Practicing and promoting responsible dog ownership to include the conduct and control of your dog in public places.
Respecting the property of others, including facilities used for dog events, especially by use of proper sanitary measures.
Should any violation of the above occur at an AKC licensed or member club event or at an AKC sanctioned event, it shall be handled as an AKC disciplinary matter.
10.  No Officer, Director or other member shall knowingly represent his/her personal opinion to be the official position of the ABC or of its Board of Directors in the media or other means of public communication.
11.  Any contract disputes will be resolved between the contracting parties, not American Beauceron Club or its Board of Directors.
Responsibilities as a Beauceron breeder:
Code of Ethics breeders agree to breed in a discriminate manner and only upon strong evidence of the possibility of finding suitable homes for the resulting puppies. In addition to their responsibilities as members described above, breeders:
1.   Should be fully familiar with the AKC Standard and breed to preserve breed characteristics.
2.   Demonstrate honesty and fairness in dealing with other breeders, purchasers of dogs and the general public.
3.   Use breeding stock of sound temperament, with no major hereditary defects, free of parasites and communicable disease All Beaucerons that are to be used for breeding purposes must be free of degenerative joint disease: rated excellent, good or fair by Orthopedic Foundation for Animals, or an equivalent rating as judged by a reputable Veterinarian controlled registry. Breeders will also strongly consider the following tests: an echocardiogram, CERF registration, a recognized Temperament Test and a Brucellosis test.
4.   Provide appropriate documentation to all concerned regarding the health of the dogs involved in a breeding or sale, including reports of examinations such as those applying to hips and eyes.
5.   Refrain from further use of any dog/bitch that has produced serious defects detrimental to the animal’s well being, affecting normal functions or impairment of vital functions and produces like results with a different mating partner.
6.   Make full use of AKC Limited registration in selling puppies with disqualifying faults or, in the breeder’s opinion, lacking the quality adequate for breeding.
7.   Follow AKC requirements for record keeping, identification of breeding stock, and registration procedures.
8.   Screen prospective buyers to ascertain their potential to properly care for a large, active, dog.  Inform prospective puppy buyers of the lifelong responsibilities of Beauceron ownership: training, grooming, socializing, veterinary expenses, equipment needs, spatial needs, and exercise.
9.   Provide complete information to new owners including instructions on feeding, medical records, training and socialization needs.  Urge buyers to attend puppy socialization and obedience classes. Also provide a three generation pedigree, AKC registration papers, which may be provided after spaying or neutering per contract, and a copy of the AKC breed standard.
10. Use clear concise contracts to document the sale, co-ownerships, the use of stud dogs and lease arrangements including the use, when appropriate, of non-breeding agreements, spaying/neutering contracts and/or Limited Registration.
11. Understand and agree that you are willing to take back or assist in finding a new home for any dog you produce at any time in its life, if requested to do so.  The owner of the sire, having a vested interest in the litter produced, should also be consulted in matters arising that may affect the health and welfare of the offspring.
12. No member or breeder shall, either singly or in litter lots: (i) knowingly consign, donate or sell dogs to commercial dog wholesalers, franchised commercial facilities, brokers, pet shops, puppy mills, laboratories, or agents of the forgoing, (ii) offer, or donate or sell any dog to be offered as a prize in any form of raffle, contest or other like activity or for sale in a mail order catalog.
13. Ensure that all of their advertising shall be truthful and ethical.  Any claims made must be provable.
Newsletter Editorial and Advertising Policy
The Beauceron Bulletin (Bulletin) is the official publication of the American Beauceron Club (ABC) and is for ABC activities, news affecting the ABC membership, educational, informational and entertaining materials. It also provides a means for the membership to advertise.
The Bulletin welcomes submissions of photographs, drawings, articles and other materials for publication. Materials submitted and accepted for publication become the property of the ABC unless other arrangements are made with the Board of Directors of the American Beauceron Club (the Board). Neither the Board nor The Bulletin assumes responsibility for receipt of submissions of any kind. No materials sent via US Postal Service or other such means will be returned unless accompanied by a self-addressed envelope bearing proper postage. Materials sent via electronic means will not be returned, whether published or not. The Bulletin, its Editor(s) and the Board reserve the right to reject and/or edit all submissions.
The Bulletin accepts advertising in good faith and assumes that those advertising act in good faith in the representations and information provided in their advertisements. The Editor further reserves the right to request proof of titles and certificates mentioned in advertising. All advertisement of dogs offered for stud service, the sire and dam of upcoming litters and/or of puppies advertised for sale or placement, and dogs of either sex age 2 years or older offered for sale/lease/free of charge must include an OFA number and rating or the information that the animal has failed OFA. PennHip ratings and foreign equivalent are acceptable. Rescue and re-home dogs offered by the ABC are exempt from this requirement. Ads announcing new titles, birthdays, purchases, and similar do not require this information. The Editor and/or the Board will have the right to decide whether or not an ad requires this information.
Neither the Editor nor the Board guarantees the viewing or printing quality of any ad accepted for publication. No refunds will be made for ads that contain errors or are not “aesthetically pleasing” to the Advertiser. Ads submitted as “print ready” must be in jpeg format.
The ABC promotes and expects fairness and accuracy in all submissions and in buyer/seller relationships arising out of materials published in The Bulletin. The Board and/or the Editor reserve the right to refuse any materials considered in their opinion to be questionable or to require additional information before publishing such material. The ABC does not recommend, guarantee, endorse nor rate breeders, their kennels, or their stock. The ABC, Board of Directors and Editor(s) do not take responsibility for errors and/or misrepresentations in advertising or misunderstandings arising between buyer and seller.
The Beauceron Bulletin is copyright of the American Beauceron Club. No portion of The Beauceron Bulletin may be forwarded or reproduced in any form without the express written permission of the American Beauceron Club Board of Directors. This includes posting to e-group forums or other social media venues not under direct control of the American Beauceron Club.
The Bulletin’s Editor has the right to edit, reject, or otherwise take action with any material submitted for publication. Rejected items will be presented to the Board, who may overturn the decision of the Editor. There will be subjects and photographs considered always inappropriate for publication in order to maintain the positive image of The Bulletin, the ABC and the Beauceron. These include, but are not limited to, “bite work” photos and dog fighting.
If a story is rejected or major editing is needed, the author will be contacted. There may be instances when the Editor(s) will do some editing without notification. The ABC supplies the space occupied by each writer’s words; therefore each writer is asked to please be respectful of this policy. ABC’s Editorial/Advertising Policy and Guidelines is included in The Beauceron Bulletin at least once per year and is also available from the Editor, the ABC Secretary or the ABC website.
Complaints pertaining only to The Beauceron Bulletin must be submitted via email to the Editor and the ABC Secretary at their email address published in The Beauceron Bulletin.
Adopted February 2, 2002
Share this:Tweet
Post navigation
Journee 20072008 AKC A Match
ABC's privacy page can be viewed here
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+
Keyboard navigation
Readable Font
Contrast
Choose color
black
white
green
blue
red
orange
yellow
navi
Underline links
Highlight Links
Clear cookies
Images Greyscale
Remove Animations
Remove styles
Close
#761 (no title)
ABC Shop
Account
American Beauceron Club
Add An Event
Become A Member
Board Members
Calendar
Inquiries By Topic
Membership Application
Our Favorite Links
Privacy Policy
Submit an Event (UM)
Thank you
Breed Info
ABC CoE Breeders
Before You Buy
Judge Education
Cart
Checkout
Club Business
Breeder Listing Request
Committee Updates
Meeting Minutes
Submit a Brag to the Newsletter
Submit an Article to the Newsletter
Electronic Forms Data
Board Contact History
Breeder Listing Request History
Events
Categories
Locations
My Bookings
Tags
View All Upcoming Events
How To (Web Site Instructions)
How To (Board Functions)
How To (Site Admin)
How To (Web Site Contributors)
Listing Form
Listings
Log In
Log Out
Lost Password
Register
Reset Password
Login
Logout
Members
My Account
My Profile
Password Reset
Register
Rescue
Application for Beauceron Rescue
Foster Application
Help Transport A Beauceron
Report Successful Rescue
Rescue (Owner Surrender)
Rescue (Shelter Transfer)
Rescue Application
Rescue FAQ
We’ve Been Adopted!
The Latest Club News
Club Announcements
Features
Latest Newsletter Articles
Member Updates
New ABC Members
News From Region 1
News From Region 2
News From Region 3
News From Region 4
User
Volunteer Committees
Code of Ethics & Bylaws Committee
Event Committees
Newsletter Committee
Rescue Committee
Ways and Means Committee
Web Site Committee