http://beauce.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is: http://beauce.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the contact form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
The American Beauceron Club does not share user data.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information. Your membership application details are stored in our database.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
2018 Peninsula Dog Fanciers All Breed ShowGCH Luc du Chateau Rocher HSAs representing Beaucerons in the group ring.
Sunday, March 26, 2018 - Kitsap County Fairgrounds Pavilion, WAWelcome The American Beauceron Club (ABC) welcomes you! We invite you to learn more about our organization, and about our wonderful dog, the beauceron!
Beaucerons are eager and willing workers, whose intelligence and obedience make them extremely versatile and superior working dogs.
Today’s Beauceron is used in much the same fashion as the German Shepherd dog in this country. While still tending sheep and cattle, the Beauceron is utilized for military and police work, Search & Rescue, handicapped assistance work, canine sports such as Agility, French Ring, Schutzhund, Obedience, Tracking, Skijoring, and of course as a family companion.
ABC's privacy page can be viewed here
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+
Keyboard navigation
Readable Font
Contrast
Choose color
black
white
green
blue
red
orange
yellow
navi
Underline links
Highlight Links
Clear cookies
Images Greyscale
Remove Animations
Remove styles
Close
#761 (no title)
ABC Shop
Account
American Beauceron Club
Add An Event
Become A Member
Board Members
Calendar
Inquiries By Topic
Membership Application
Our Favorite Links
Privacy Policy
Submit an Event (UM)
Thank you
Breed Info
ABC CoE Breeders
Before You Buy
Judge Education
Cart
Checkout
Club Business
Breeder Listing Request
Committee Updates
Meeting Minutes
Submit a Brag to the Newsletter
Submit an Article to the Newsletter
Electronic Forms Data
Board Contact History
Breeder Listing Request History
Events
Categories
Locations
My Bookings
Tags
View All Upcoming Events
How To (Web Site Instructions)
How To (Board Functions)
How To (Site Admin)
How To (Web Site Contributors)
Listing Form
Listings
Log In
Log Out
Lost Password
Register
Reset Password
Login
Logout
Members
My Account
My Profile
Password Reset
Register
Rescue
Application for Beauceron Rescue
Foster Application
Help Transport A Beauceron
Report Successful Rescue
Rescue (Owner Surrender)
Rescue (Shelter Transfer)
Rescue Application
Rescue FAQ
We’ve Been Adopted!
The Latest Club News
Club Announcements
Features
Latest Newsletter Articles
Member Updates
New ABC Members
News From Region 1
News From Region 2
News From Region 3
News From Region 4
User
Volunteer Committees
Code of Ethics & Bylaws Committee
Event Committees
Newsletter Committee
Rescue Committee
Ways and Means Committee
Web Site Committee