https://bestbelgianspecialbeers.be/cookie-policy/
Brouwerij geschiedenis
Onze bieren
Kwak
Tripel Karmeliet
DeuS
Passie voor brouwen
Awards
Visit the brewery
Contact
Taal:
Nederlands
English
Français
Cookie policy
Cookies and beer– a match you wouldn’t expect, right? Strange as it may sound, we do use cookies and similar technologies to personalise and improve your experience when you use our website. This document explains what these technologies are, why we use them and your rights to control our use of them.
This Cookie Policy is incorporated to our Privacy Policy, which you can consult for more information on how we process your data. If you continue to browse the site without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking here.
1. What are cookies?
2. Why do we use cookies and other tracking technologies?
3. What categories of cookies may be used?
4. How can I control cookies?
5. Changes to our Cookie Policy
1. What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed on your device which uniquely identify your device. All of your devices have different cookie settings. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your device. You can learn more about cookies by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies can be set by us (“first party cookies”) or by selected other companies who place cookies on our site to enable features or functionality to be provided on or through the website you are using, such as advertising, interactive content and analytics (“third party cookies”). The third parties that set these third party cookies can recognise your device both when it visits our website and also when it visits certain other websites or services. These service providers are subject to confidentiality provisions with us to restrict their use and collection of any personal data. However, please note that we do not control these third party cookies and we suggest you read the third parties’ privacy policies.
2. Why do we use cookies and other tracking technologies?
We use cookies and third party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our website to operate, and we refer to these as “strictly necessary” cookies. Other cookies enable us and the third parties we work with to track and target the interests of visitors to our website, and we refer to these as “performance” and “functionality” cookies. For example, we use cookies to tailor content and information that we may send or display to you and otherwise personalize your experience while interacting with our website and to otherwise improve the functionality of our services. Finally, third parties serve cookies through our website for advertising, analytics, and other purposes. This is described in more detail below.
3. What categories of cookies may be used?
The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our website and the purposes they perform are described in further detail below:
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.  If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.  They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Other tracking technologies
We and our third party partners may use other, similar technologies from time to time like web beacons, pixels (or “clear gifs”) and other tracking technologies. These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our website or, in the case of web beacons, opened an e-mail that we have sent them. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users within our website, to understand whether you have come to our website from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to serve targeted advertisements to you and others like you, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of marketing campaigns. While you may not have the ability to specifically reject or disable these tracking technologies, in many instances these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly; accordingly, in those instances, declining cookies will impair functioning of these technologies.
4. How can I control cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies.
Website cookie preference tool: You can exercise preferences about what cookies are served on our website by clicking here.
Browser controls: You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted. Please click below for detailed information on how to disable and delete cookies in some commonly used browsers:
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Mozilla Firefox
Disabling most Interest Based Advertising: Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of Interest Based Advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit www.youronlinechoices.eu
Mobile Advertising: You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of Interest Based Advertising, including those performed by us, by accessing the settings in your Apple or Android mobile device and following the most recent published instructions. If you opt out, we will remove all data about you and no further data collection or tracking will occur. The random ID we (or our third party partners) had previously assigned to you will also be removed. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt-in, we will not be able to continue and track you using the same ID as before, and you will for all practical purposes be a new user to our system.
5. Changes to our Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy was last updated on the 1st October 2019. We may update it from time to time in order to reflect changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Policy regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
5. Security of data
We adopt technical and organisational measures to protect your data as comprehensively as possible. In addition to the commitment of our employees to secrecy and a careful selection and monitoring of our service providers, who are bound to comply with high security standards for the protection of your personal data, we also secure our operating environment adequately.
To protect your data against unwanted access, we use data encryption. Data collected from this site will be passed between your computer and our server and vice versa via the internet using 256-Bit TLS (Transport Layer Security) encryption. We will not use encryption though if you exchange only generally available information with us.