https://bigrockbeer.com/privacy-policy/
right-arrowright-arrowback_to_top_arrowblog_emailblog_FBblog_instagramblog_twitter
Privacy Policy
Here at Big Rock Brewery we are committed to preserving and safeguarding your privacy.
We comply with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), which requires us to provide this policy to you on request.
Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a physical address, financial information and opinions expressed by an individual. As defined, “personal information” means information about an identifiable individual, but does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization.
Please note this Privacy Policy relates to www.bigrockbeer.com.
1. What our Privacy Policy covers:
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us to assist you in making informed decisions when using our services.
2. The Information We Collect and Use.
When we collect personal information from you, we wish you to be aware of the following:
a) Who we are:
Name: Big Rock Brewery Limited Partnership Telephone: 1 (800) 242-3107  Fax: (403) 236-7523  Email: beer@bigrockbeer.com Website: www.bigrockbeer.com
b) Big Rock collects your personal information to:
Provide entrants regular updates on promotions and events from Big Rock Brewery, upon their request and/or with their permission.
c) Big Rock will not sell or disclose your personal information to third parties, unless specifically authorized by you or as required by law.
d) Our websites collect non-personal information such as your network location (IP address), the pages you visit, time of visit, your operating system and browser, in order to generate website traffic reports.
e) Our websites include forms where you can voluntarily provide us with personal contact information so that we may follow up with you.
3. Big Rock’s obligations
Pursuant to PIPEDA, this website meets our obligations with respect to the collection, use and/or disclosure of personal information by taking the following steps:
Our Accountability to You
Information is restricted to the listed administrative contact and protected via appropriate hardware and software; and a Big Rock contact in all matters related with this Privacy Policy can be contacted at: regarding compliance with PIPEDA: beer@bigrockbeer.com.
Identifying purposes
We have identified the purposes for which we collect personal information in section 2 above. We require the consent of our clients/customers prior to using their personal information for any purpose other than that for which it was originally collected.
Consent
Our organization is committed to ensuring that you are aware of how your personal information is used and that you have consented to provide this information. Where required by law we may disclose personal information without your knowledge and consent.
Limiting collection
Our organization collects personal information to fulfill the purposes stated in section 2 above. We collect personal information only by lawful and fair means.
Limiting use, disclosure and retention
Our organization does not use and/or disclose your personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, unless it has first obtained your consent. We retain your personal information for some period in order to answer any questions you may have about the services we provided to you.
We cannot assume any responsibility for the privacy practices for any websites to which this website is linked. Please ensure you review the privacy policies of all websites to which this site may be linked.
Accuracy
Our company is committed to maintaining accurate, complete, and up-to-date personal information. If during the course of the business relationship, any of your information changes, please inform us so that we can make any necessary changes.
Safeguards
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, technological and organizational measures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Openness
Through this Privacy Policy we provide information about our organization’s policies and practices regarding the collection, use and/or disclosure of personal information held by us.
Individual Access
You may request access to your personal information held by us. To protect your privacy and security we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access.
Challenging Compliance
If you wish to make a formal complaint about our privacy practices please submit it via email to beer@bigrockbeer.com. We are committed to resolving disputes in a timely manner. We will investigate your complaint and respond via email or telephone.
4. Contact information
In all matters related with this Contest we can be contacted at: beer@bigrockbeer.com or by telephone 1 (800) 242-3107 regarding compliance with PIPEDA.
5. General Inquiries
For general inquiries about privacy legislation and policies in the private sector you may contact:
The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
112 Kent Street
Place de Ville Tower B, 3rd Floor
Ottawa, Ontario K1A 1H3
Telephone: 1 (613) 995-8210
Toll-free: 1 (800) 282-1376
TTY: 1 (613) 992-9190
Website: www.priv.gc.ca
6. Changes to Privacy Policy
Our organization reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy at anytime.
Investors
Media
Sponsorships
Careers
Privacy
Contact
EST. 1985
©2020 Big Rock Brewery LP. All Rights Reserved.