http://birdfair.org.uk/legal-info/
Birdfair Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
Birdfair (Leicestershire Wildife Sales Ltd)
Privacy Policy
1. Who are we?
Leicestershire Wildlife (Sales) Limited, is a charitable trading company; (registered company number 2347573). The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Leicestershire and Rutland Wildlife Trust, which trades to undertake wildlife consultancy work and raise funds for our charitable organisation.
The Leicestershire and Rutland Wildlife Trust is a membership organisation governed by its Memorandum and Articles of Association. More than 15,000 members currently support the Trust’s work.  The Trust is managed by a Council of Trustees, elected from its members, who provide the overall direction for the development of the Trust. The day-to-day work of the Trust is delivered by a team of 30 staff assisted by more than 600 active volunteers.
2. Our commitment to your privacy
We are committed to keeping the personal details of our supporters safe. This policy explains how and why we use your personal data, to ensure that you remain informed and in control of your information.
We use three key definitions to describe people mentioned in this policy. These are definitions used by the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK’s independent body set up to uphold information rights (www.ico.org.uk)
‘Data subject’: this is you.  As the data subject, we respect your right to control your data.
‘Data controller’: this is us, Birdfair. With your permission, we determine why and how your personal data is used (as outlined in this policy).
‘Data processor’: this is a person, or organisation, who processes your data on our behalf, with your permission. For example, this might be a ticketing company who operating under our instruction facilitate the sale of Birdfair tickets.
When we work with other organisations or individuals in this way, we always set up a written contract with them to protect your data. The third parties we work with at no point ‘own’ your data, so you will never hear from them independently and they will always delete your data from their systems when they have completed the task in hand. We always send your data to partner organisations securely, to minimise the risk of it being intercepted by unknown individuals and/or organisations.
We will never sell your personal data.
Should you wish to find out more about the information we hold about you, or about our privacy policy, please contact us:
Tim Graham
Chief Executive Officer
Leicestershire and Rutland Wildlife Trust
Telephone: 0116 262 9968
Email: info@lrwt.org.uk
The Old Mill, 9 Soar Lane, Leicester LE3 5DE
Our office hours are Monday – Friday, 9am – 5pm and we are closed on all bank holidays.
3. Why do we collect your personal data?
We use your personal data to keep in touch with you.
We will only ever collect, store and use your personal data when we have an identified purpose and reason to do so. The ICO refers to this as a ‘lawful basis’.
We collect your personal data to send you:
tickets you have purchased from our online shop
information about events you have booked onto
information about our work and ask for your opinion
This information is in addition to that outlined in sections a) and b) and is defined as ‘direct marketing’ by the ICO.
We will collect other information about you such as your date of birth and gender. When we do so, we will be very clear as to why we are collecting such information, and we will only do so with your specific consent and permission.
i)  Our website
Our websites use ‘cookies’ to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites.
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you’d expect
Remember your settings during and between visits
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
Continuously improve our website for you
5. How do we store your data?
a) Security
All of the personal data we process is processed by our staff in the UK. However, for the purposes of IT hosting and maintenance your information may be situated outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). This will be done in accordance with guidance issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Electronic data and databases are stored on secure computer systems and we control who has access to information (using both physical and electronic means). Our staff receive data protection training and we have data protection procedures which personnel are required to follow when handling personal data.
b) Payment security
All Leicestershire and Rutland Wildlife Trust electronic forms that request financial data will use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to encrypt the data between your browser and our servers.
If you use a credit or debit card to purchase something online we will pass your credit card details securely to our payment provider (Stripe). Other payment methods (e.g. PayPal) are handled in a similar manner. We do not store or hold any credit card details on any of our servers as this service is all provided by 3rd parties.
Birdfair complies with the payment card industry data security standard (PCI-DSS) published by the PCI Security Standards Council, and will never store card details.
Of course, we cannot guarantee the security of your home computer or the internet, and any online communications (e.g. information provided by email or our website) are at the user’s own risk, do not send us any fincial information via email or webforms – only use the approved methods above.
6. Your rights
We respect your right to control your data. Your rights include:
a)  The right to be informed
This privacy notice outlines how we capture, store and use your data. If you have any questions about any elements of this policy, please contact us.
b)  The right of access
If you wish to obtain a record of the personal data we hold about you, through a Subject Access Request, we will respond within one month.
c)  The right to rectification
If we have captured information about you that is inaccurate or incomplete, we will update it.
d)  The right to erase
You can ask us to remove your personal details from our records.
e)  The right to restrict processing
You can ask us to stop using your personal data.
f)  The right to data portability
You can ask to obtain your personal data from us for your own purposes.
g)  The right to object
You can ask to be excluded from marketing activity.
h)  Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
We respect your right not to be subject to a decision that is based on automated processing.
For more information on your individual rights, please see the Information Commissioner’s Office.
7. Making a complaint
Birdfair aim to meet your expectations in all we do. If you believe that we have not me our own high standards then we want to hear about it, in order to deal with the situation as quickly as possible and put measures in place to stop it happening again.
We take complaints very seriously and we treat them as an opportunity to develop our approach. This is why we are always very grateful to hear from people who are willing to take the time to help us improve.
Our policy is:
To provide a fair complaints procedure that is clear and easy to use for anyone wishing to make a complaint.
To publicise the existence of our complaints procedure so that people know how to contact us to make a complaint.
To make sure everyone in our organisation knows what to do if a complaint is received.
To make sure all complaints are investigated fairly and in a timely way.
To make sure that complaints are, wherever possible, resolved and that relationships are repaired.
To learn from complaints and feedback to help us to improve what we do.
Confidentiality
All complaint information will be handled sensitively, in line with relevant data protection requirements.
Responsibility
Overall responsibility for the complaints policy and its implementation lies with Tim Graham, CEO.
For further information on how to make a complaint, please click here.
Information Commissioner’s Office
For further assistance with complaints regarding your data, please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office, whose remit covers the UK.
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
SK9 5AF
Telephone: 0303 123 1113
Email: casework@ico.org.uk
8. Leaving our website
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other websites linked to our website. If you have followed a link from this website to another website you may be supplying information to a third party.
9. Get in touch
Should you wish to find out more about the information we hold about you, or about our privacy policy, please contact us:
Tim Graham
Chief Executive Officer
Telephone: 0116 262 9968
Email: info@lrwt.org.uk
The Old Mill, 9 Soar Lane, Leicester LE3 5DE
Our office hours are Monday – Friday, 9am – 5pm and we are closed on all bank holidays.
We update this policy periodically.
Last updated:  February 2020
This site uses cookies to improve your experience:
Find out more.