http://birdsireland.com/privacy-policy/
Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
Birds Ireland Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
This is the Terms & Conditions and privacy notice of Birds Ireland. In this document, “we”, “our”, or “us” refer to Birds of Ireland News Service Ltd.
We are company number 162203 registered in Ireland.
Our registered office is at Sycamore Hill, Tiglin, Newcastle, Co. Wicklow.
This is a notice to inform you of our policy about all information that we record about you. It covers both information that could identify you and information that could not.
We are extremely concerned to protect your privacy and confidentiality. We understand that all users of our web site are quite rightly concerned to know that their data will not be used for any purpose unintended by them, and will not accidentally fall into the hands of a third party. Our policy is both specific and strict. It complies with Irish law [and with the laws of all jurisdictions of which we are aware]. If you think our policy falls short of your expectations or that we are failing to abide by our policy, do please tell us.
We regret that if there are one or more points below with which you are not happy, your only recourse is to leave our web site immediately.
Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any personally identifiable information collected at this site.
Here is a list of the information we collect from you, either through our web site or because you give it to us in some other way, and why it is necessary to collect it:
1.Business and personal information
This includes basic identification and contact information, such as your name and contact details and also includes all information given to us in the course of your business and ours, such as information you give us in your capacity as our client. We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of the information and of the terms of our relationship. It is not used for any other purpose. We expect you to reciprocate this policy.
This information is used:
1.1.To provide you with the services which you request;
1.2.For verifying your identity for security purposes;
1.3.For marketing our services and products;
1.4.Information which does not identify any individual may be used in a general way by us or third parties, to provide class information, for example relating to demographics or usage of a particular page or service.
We keep information, which forms part of our business record for a minimum of six years. That is because we may need it in some way to support a claim or defence in court. That is also the period within which our tax collecting authorities may demand to know it.
2.Market place information
When we obtain information from you specifically to enable you to buy a service offered on our web site by some other person, we assume that in giving us your information, you are also giving us permission to pass it to the relevant person.
3.Your domain name and e-mail address
This information is recognised by our servers and the pages that you visit are recorded. We shall not under any circumstances, divulge your e-mail address to any person who is not an employee or contractor of ours and who does not need to know, either generally or specifically. This information is used:
3.1.To correspond with you or deal with you as you expect;
3.2.In a collective way not referable to any particular individual, for the purpose of quality control and improvement of our site;
3.3.To send you news about the services to which you have signed up;
3.4.To tell you about other of our services or services of sister web sites.
4.Information you post on our website
Information you send to us by posting to a forum or blog or in your advertisement, is stored on our servers. We do not specifically use that information except to allow it to be read, but you will see in our terms and conditions that we reserve a right to use it in any way we decide.
5.Website usage information
We may use software embedded in our website (such as JavaScript) to collect information about pages you view and how you have reached them, what you do when you visit a page, the length of time you remain on the page, and how we perform in providing content to you. We do not presently associate such information with an identifiable person.
6.Financial information relating to your credit cards
This information is never taken by us either through our website or otherwise. At the point of payment, you are transferred to a secure page on the website of PayPal or some other reputable payment service provider. That page may be dressed in our “livery”, but it is not controlled by us. Our staff and contractors never have access to it.
On this website, we have integrated components of PayPal. PayPal is an online payment service provider. Payments are processed via so-called PayPal accounts, which represent virtual private or business accounts. PayPal is also able to process virtual payments through credit cards when a user does not have a PayPal account. A PayPal account is managed via an e-mail address, which is why there are no classic account numbers. PayPal makes it possible to trigger online payments to third parties or to receive payments. PayPal also accepts trustee functions and offers buyer protection services.
The European operating company of PayPal is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.
If you choose "PayPal" as the payment option in the online shop during the ordering process, we automatically transmit your data to PayPal. By selecting this payment option, you agree to the transfer of personal data required for payment processing.
The personal data transmitted to PayPal is usually first name, last name, address, email address, IP address, telephone number, mobile phone number, or other data necessary for payment processing. The processing of the purchase contract also requires such personal data, which are in connection with the respective order.
The transmission of the data is aimed at payment processing and fraud prevention. The controller will transfer personal data to PayPal, in particular, if a legitimate interest in the transmission is given. The personal data exchanged between PayPal and the controller for the processing of the data will be transmitted by PayPal to economic credit agencies. This transmission is intended for identity and creditworthiness checks.
PayPal will, if necessary, pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or subcontractors to the extent that this is necessary to fulfill contractual obligations or for data to be processed in the order.
You have the possibility to revoke consent for the handling of personal data at any time from PayPal. A revocation shall not have any effect on personal data which must be processed, used or transmitted in accordance with (contractual) payment processing.
The applicable data protection provisions of PayPal may be retrieved under https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.
7.Note on padlock symbols and other trust marks
Many companies offer certification and an icon or other small graphic to prove to site visitors that the site is safe. Some certify to a high level of safety. Others are more concerned to take our money than to provide a useful service. We do not handle information about your credit card so do not subscribe to any such service.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain & safeguard your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We use a secure server so that all supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway provider’s database (BBMS). When you make an online transaction, we do not receive any credit card details. We do not see or store your full card details when you make an online transaction.
Birds Ireland takes, and will continue to take, all reasonable steps (which includes relevant technical and organisational measures) to guarantee the safety of the data you provide to us and we will only use the data for the intended purpose.
However, the nature of the internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet will be 100% secure.
8.Financial information about your direct debit
When you have agreed to set up a direct debit arrangement, the information you have given to us is passed to our own bank [AIB] for processing according to our instructions. We do / do not keep a copy.
We are registered under the direct debit guarantee scheme. (This provides for the customer’s bank to refund disputed payments without question, pending further investigation. Direct debits can only be set up for payments to beneficiaries that are approved "originators" of direct debits. In order to be approved, these beneficiaries are subjected to careful vetting procedures. Once approved, they are required to give indemnity guarantees through their banks.)
9.Credit reference
To assist in combating fraud, we share information with credit reference agencies, so far as it relates to clients or customers who instruct their credit card issuer to cancel payment to us without having first provided an acceptable reason to us and given us the opportunity to refund their money.
10.Third party advertising
Third parties may advertise on our web site. In doing so, those parties, their agents or other companies working for them may use technology that automatically collects your IP address when they send an advertisement that appears on our site to your browser. They may also use other technology such as cookies or JavaScript to personalise the content of, and to measure the performance of their adverts. We do not have control over these technologies or the data that these parties obtain. Accordingly, this privacy notice does not cover the information practices of these third parties.
11.Third party content
Our web site is a publishing medium in that anyone may register and then publish information about himself or some other person. We do not moderate or control what is posted. If you complain about any of the content on our web site, we shall investigate your complaint. If we feel, it may be justified, we shall remove it while we investigate. Free speech is a fundamental right, so we have to make a judgment as to whose right will be obstructed: yours, or that of the person who posted the content which offends you. If we think, your complaint is vexatious or without any basis, we shall not correspond with you about it.
12.Information we obtain from third parties
Although we do not disclose your personal information to any third party (except as set out in this notice), we do receive data which is indirectly made up from your personal information, from software services such as Google Analytics and others. No such information is identifiable to you.
13.Content you provide to us with a view to be used by third party
If you provide information to us with a view to it being read, copied, downloaded, or used by other people, we accept no responsibility for what that third party may do with it. It is up to you to satisfy yourself about the privacy level of every person who might see your information. If it is available to all the World, neither we nor you have no control whatever as to how it is used.
14.Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer's hard drive through your web browser when you visit any web site. They are widely used to make web sites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Like all other users of cookies, we may request the return of information from your computer when your browser requests a web page from our server. Cookies enable our web server to identify you to us, and to track your actions and the pages you visit while you use our website.
The cookies we use may last for a single visit to our site (they are deleted from your computer when you close your browser), or may remain on your computer until you delete them or until a defined period of time has passed.
Although your browser software enables you to disable cookies, we recommend that you allow the use of cookies in order to take advantage of the features of our website that rely on their use. If you prevent their use, you will not be able to use all the functionality of our website.
Here are the ways we use cookies:
14.1.To record whether you have accepted the use of cookies on our web site. This is solely to comply with the law. If you have chosen not to accept cookies, we will not use cookies for your visit, but unfortunately, our site will not work well for you.
14.2.To allow essential parts of our web site to operate for you.
14.3.To operate our content management system.
14.4.To operate the online notification form - the form that you use to contact us for any reason. This cookie is set on your arrival at our web site and deleted when you close your browser.
14.5.To enhance security on our contact form. It is set for use only through the contact form. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.
14.6.To collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to improve your experience of our site and enable us to increase sales. This cookie collects information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from, and the pages they visited.
14.7.To record that a user has viewed a webcast. It collects information in an anonymous form. This cookie expires when you close your browser.
14.8.To record your activity during a web cast. An example is as to whether you have asked a question or provided an opinion by ticking a box. This information is retained so that we can serve your information to you when you return to the site. This cookie will record an anonymous ID for each user, but it will not use the information for any other purpose. This cookie will last for [three] months, when it will be deleted automatically.
14.9.To store your personal information so that you do not have to provide it afresh when you visit the site next time. This cookie will last for [90] days.
14.10.To enable you to watch videos we have placed on YouTube. YouTube will not store personally identifiable cookie information when you use YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode.
14.11.We use cookies to help enhance the security of the website, to uniquely identify visitors and monitor suspicious traffic.
What Cookies do we use?
Data protection provisions about the application and use of Vimeo
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Vimeo. Vimeo is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. Vimeo allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.
The operating company of Vimeo is Vimeo, One North Lexington, 9th Floor, White Plains, NY 10601, UNITED STATES. The Viemo, LLC operates as a subsidiary of IAC/InterActiveCorp.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Vimeo component (Vimeo video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Vimeo component. Further information about Vimeo may be obtained under https://vimeo.com/about. During the course of this technical procedure, Vimeo gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in on Vimeo, Vimeo recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a Vimeo video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by Vimeo and assigned to the respective Vimeo account of the data subject.
Vimeo will receive information through the Vimeo component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on Vimeo; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a Vimeo video or not. If such a transmission of this information to Vimeo is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own Vimeo account before a call-up to our website is made.
Vimeo’s data protection provisions, available at https://vimeo.com/privacy, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Vimeo.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of YouTube
On this website, we have integrated components of YouTube. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.
The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by us and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, your internet browser is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component. Further information about YouTube may be obtained under https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/en/. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by you.
If you are logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by you. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to your respective YouTube account.
YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that you have visited our website, if you, at the time of the call to our website, are logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for you, the delivery may be prevented if you log off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.
YouTube's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of Twitter
On this website, we have integrated components of Twitter. Twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called ‘tweets,’ e.g. short messages, which are limited to 280 characters. These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.
The operating company of Twitter is Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by us and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) was integrated, your internet browser is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter. Further information about the Twitter buttons is available under https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. During the course of this technical procedure, Twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by you. The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.
If you are logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every call-up to our website by you and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by you. This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with your respective Twitter account. If you click on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to your personal Twitter user account and stores the personal data.
Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that you have visited our website, provided that you are logged in on Twitter at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for you, then you may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a call-up to our website is made.
The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of TripAdvisor
On this website, we have integrated components of TripAdvisor. TripAdvisor is the world's largest travel site, and enables travellers to review every trip.
The operating company of TripAdvisor is TripAdvisor LLC 400 1st Avenue Needham, MA 02494, USA.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by us and on which a TripAdvisor component was integrated, your internet browser is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding TripAdvisor component. Further information about TripAdvisor may be obtained under https://tripadvisor.mediaroom.com/ie-about-us. During the course of this technical procedure, TripAdvisor gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by you.
If you are logged in on TripAdvisor, TripAdvisor recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a TripAdvisor component, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by you. This information is collected by TripAdvisor and assigned to your respective TripAdvisor account.
TripAdvisor will receive information through the TripAdvisor component that you have visited our website, if you, at the time of the call to our website, are logged in on TripAdvisor. If such a transmission of this information to TripAdvisor is not desirable for you, the delivery may be prevented if you log off from their own TripAdvisor account before a call-up to our website is made.
TripAdvisor data protection provisions, available at https://tripadvisor.mediaroom.com/ie-privacy-policy
15.Calling our help line
When you call our help line, we collect Calling Line Identification (CLI) information. We use this information to help improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our help line.
16.Sending a message to our support system
When you send a message, we collect the data you have given to us in that message in order to obtain confirmation that you are entitled to receive the information and to provide to you the information you need. We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency of our business / organisation. We do not keep any personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as your name or email address.
17.Complaining
When we receive a complaint, we record all the information you have given to us. We use that information to resolve your complaint. If your complaint reasonably requires us to contact some other person, we may decide to give to that other person some of the information contained in your complaint. We do this as infrequently as possible, but it is a matter for our sole discretion as to whether we do give information, and if we do, what that information is.
We may also compile statistics showing information obtained from this source to assess the level of service we provide, but not in a way that could identify you or any other person.
18.Job application and employment
If you send us information in connection with a job application, we may keep it for up to three years in case we decide to contact you at a later date.
If we employ you, we collect information about you and your work from time to time throughout the period of your employment. This information will be used only for purposes directly relevant to your employment. After your employment has ended, we will keep your file for six years before destroying or deleting it.
19.Affiliate information
This is information given to us by you in your capacity as an affiliate of us or a customer or client of ours. Such information is retained for business use only. We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of the information and of the terms of our relationship. It is not used for any other purpose. We expect any affiliate to agree to reciprocate this policy. As an exception to this, we have the right to disclose your first name and URL of your affiliate connection to other affiliates and to any other person or organisation, on and off site. The reason is solely to enable us to mention winners and others whose performance as an affiliate is in some way outstanding.
20.Use of site by children
We do not market to children, nor do we sell products or services for purchase by children. We do sell products and services for end use by children, but for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use our site only with consent from a parent or guardian.
21.Disclosure to Government and their agencies
We are subject to the law like everyone else. We may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search warrant or court order.
22.Compliance with the law
This confidentiality policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of every jurisdiction in which we aim to do business. If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your country, we should like to hear from you, but ultimately it is your choice as to whether you wish to use our website.
23.Review or update personally identifiable information
At any time you may review or update the personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by contacting us at the address below. To better safeguard your information, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information.
24.Removal of your information
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our web site, you may contact us at birdsireland.com. To better safeguard your information, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information.
25.Data may be “processed” outside the Republic of Ireland
Our web sites are hosted inIrelsnd. We also use outsourced services in countries outside the EU from time to time in other aspects of our business. Accordingly data obtained within the Republic of Ireland may be “processed” outside the Republic of Ireland and data obtained in any other country may be processed within or outside that country.
If you have any question regarding the privacy policy, please contact us through the contact page.
Services
Corporate Speaking
Public Speaking
Guided Tours
School Workshops
Stay With Us
If you have booked in a guided tour or simply wishing to explore beautiful Wicklow and the east coast of Ireland, then you may consider staying with us. We offer a home from home experience in a self-contained Loft Apartment with lots of homely little treats to make your stay as comfortable as possible.
Book Here
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more