https://bluejohnstone.com/terms-and-conditions/
07442 504 762
treakcliff@bluejohnstone.com
0 Items
Terms and Conditions / Privacy
We respect your privacy but we do retain some information information when necessary. Below are two brief summaries in everyday language. More detailed information can be found below this.
Privacy
In brief, we will only use name and contact details you provide in order to fulfil shop orders or to reply to enquiries you have made. We will not pass on this information to anyone else or other companies and we will not send unsolicited mail.
Cookies
Cookies are essential for the online shop to function. If cookies are disabled, you won’t be able to add items to the basket.
Third party cookies (ie, cookies from other sites, not us) might also be used. This is because we use Google Maps and have video that originates from YouTube (owned by Google) and our Facebook page and the issuing of these cookies is beyond our control: we do not use any information these companies collect.
Clicking “Reject” will prevent all the above cookies but may also have an effect on your use of this site.
TREAK CLIFF CAVERN LTD PRIVACY POLICY
Below is the full text of our policy. A PDF copy of the complete document can be downloaded here.
This privacy policy applies between you, the User of this website and Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd, the owner and provider of this Website. Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd takes the privacy of your information very seriously. This privacy policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of the Website. Please read this privacy policy carefully.
Definitions and interpretation.
In this privacy policy, the following definitions are used:
Data
Collectively all information that you submit to Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd via the website. This definition incorporates, where applicable, the definitions provided in the Data Protection Act 1998;
Cookies
A small text file placed on your computer by this Website when you visit certain parts of the Website and/ or when you use certain features of the Website. Details of the cookies used by this Website are set in the clause below (Cookies);
Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd, we or us
Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd, a company incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 3490507 whose registered office is at Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd, Buxton Road, Castleton, Hope Valley, S33 8WP;
UK and EU Cookie Law
The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011;
User or you
Any third party that accesses the Website and is not either (i) employed by Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd and acting in the course of their employment or (ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services; and
Website
The Website that you are currently using www.bluejohnstone.com, and any sub domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
In this privacy policy, unless the context requires a different interpretation:
1. the singular includes the plural and vice versa;
2. references to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices are to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices of this privacy policy;
3. a reference to a person including firms, companies, government entities, trusts and partnerships;
4. “including” is understood to mean “including without limitations”;
5. reference to any statutory provision includes any modification or amendment of it;
6. the headings and sub headings do not form part of this privacy policy.
Scope of this privacy policy
This privacy policy applies only to the actions of Treak Clifff Cavern Ltd and Users with respect to this Website. It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this website including but not limited to, and links we many provide to social media websites.
Data collected
We may collect the following Data, which includes personal Data, from you:
1. Name
2. Contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
3. Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests;
4. Financial information such as credit/ debit card numbers;
5. IP address (automatically collected);
6. Web browser type and version (automatically collected);
7. Operating system (automatically collected);
8. A list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on this Website, and the site you exit to (automatically collected); in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Our use of Data
For purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd is the “data controller”. Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, and subject to any thirds party disclosures specifically set out in this policy, your Data will not be disclosed to third parties. This includes our affiliates and/ or other companies within our group. All personal Data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998. For more details on security see the clause below (Security). Any and all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our Website. Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
1. Internal record keeping;
2. Improvement of our products and services;
In each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Third party websites and services
Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with certain processes necessary for the operation of the Website. The providers of such services do not have access to certain personal Data provided by the Users of this Website.
Links to other websites
This website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. We have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of these websites. This privacy policy does not extend to your use of such websites. You are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Controlling use of your Data
Whenever you are required to submit Data, you will be given the options to restrict our use if that Data. This may include the following: Use of Data for direct marketing purposes; and
Functionality of the Website
To use all features and functions available on the Website, you may be required to submit certain Data. You may restrict your internet browser’s use of Cookies. For more information see the clause below (Cookies)
Accessing use of your Data
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal Data held by Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd (where such Data is held) on payment of a small fee, which will not exceed £10.
Security
Data security is of great importance to Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd and to protect your Data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure Data collected via this Website. If password access is required for certain parts of the website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We endeavour to do our best to protect your personal Data. However transmission of information over the internet is not entirely secure and is done at your own risk. We cannot ensure the security of your Data transmitted to the Website.
Cookies
This Website may place and access certain Cookies on your computer. Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd uses Cookies to improve your experience of using the Website and to improve our range of products and services. Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd has carefully chosen these Cookies and has taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times. All Cookies used by this Website are used in accordance with current UK and EU Cookie Law. Before the Website places Cookies on your computer, you will be presented with a pop-up requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies, you are enabling Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd to provide a better experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies: however certain features of the Website may not function fully or as intended. This Website may place the following Cookies:
Type of Cookie
Purpose Analytical/ performances cookies
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preference (for example, your choice of language or region). You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser.
You can choose to delete Cookies at any time; however you may lose any information that enables you to access the Website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, personalisation settings. It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
Social Media Buttons
If you take the opportunity to share content from our site through our social buttons (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram etc.), you should be aware that these sites are likely to collect information about your online activities. We have no control over this. We suggest that you check the privacy policies (if any) of such third party websites for more information about their use of your information and/or how to opt out or delete such information.
General
You may not transfer any of your rights under this privacy policy to any other person. We may transfer our rights under this privacy policy where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected. If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this privacy policy (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed or be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this privacy policy will not be affected. Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy
Changes to this privacy policy
Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd reserves the right to change this privacy policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the Website and you deemed to have accepted the terms of the privacy policy on your first use of the Website following the alterations.
You may contact Treak Cliff Cavern Ltd by email at treakcliff@bluejohnstone.com
Our full contact details can be found on the main Contact Page.
30 May 2018.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read about our use of cookiesPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
https://www.facebook.com/Treak-Cliff-Cavern-140109993009363/
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest