https://boaf.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Your privacy is important to us!
Personal Information
We will never share your personal information with other organizations or individuals outside of our club.  Club members will only use your personal information for club purposes.
If you submitted information using one of our on-line forms, that data is kept indefinitely.  Our goal is to maintain and increase membership in our club and participation in our events.  You may request to receive an exported file of your personal data and you may request that we delete your data by contacting us.  This does not include any data we must keep for administrative or legal purposes.
If you have given us your email address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about events, solicit your feedback or to keep you up to date with what’s going on.  You may opt-out of such emails by contacting us.
Non-Personally Identifying Information
Like most websites, our website collects information that web browsers and servers typically make available (such as browser type, date/time of visitor request, etc.).  We analyze this data with Google Analytics so that we may improve our website so that we’ll have more visits/visitors, and to protect our website from spam and other malicious attacks.  Cookies are also used for these purposes if the visitor’s browser allows cookies.
Embedded Content
Our website contains embedded content (which may include maps, videos, articles, etc.).  Embedded content from other websites behaves the same way as if you visited the other website.  These other websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Social Media
Our website contains social media buttons.  If you click on one of these buttons, the social media organization may save your IP address or set a cookie.
Video Conferencing
When using video conferencing to attend one of our meetings or other events, the privacy policy of the video conferencing organization applies rather than our privacy policy.
Website Security
We work hard to keep our website (and your personal information) secure by using a reputable hosting provider, invoking website encryption, following good security practices (strong passwords, limiting user permissions, keeping applications up to date, etc.), and utilizing many security features available to us (website monitoring, malware scanning, limiting login attempts, etc.).
We are Birds of A Feather Avicultural Society and our website address is https://www.boaf.com.  If you have any questions about our privacy policy, or want us to delete your personal information or remove your email from our mailing list, contact us.
We may change our privacy policy.  If so, this page will be updated to reflect the new policy.
Privacy policy affirmed by BOAF Board of Directors on May 25, 2020