http://boatdesign.net/help/privacy
Log in or Sign up
Boat Design Net
Home
Help
>
Privacy Policy
Help
Smilies
BB Codes
Trophies
Cookie Usage
Terms and Rules
Privacy Policy
Marketplace Forums Terms & Guidelines
How do I start a new thread?
Can I edit my own posts?
Why have some of the words in my post been blanked (*****)
Avatars and Signatures
Information This Site Gathers And Tracks
BoatDesign.Net gathers two types of information about users:
Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions: These are voluntary submissions to participate in the forums, gallery, to email a friend, or submit an entity to the Boat Design Directory.
Information
BoatDesign.Net gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views: This information allows better tailoring content to readers' needs and to design infrastructure to handle demand.
BoatDesign.Net Gathers User Information In The Following Processes:
Optional Voluntary Information
The following free services are offered, which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information by users:
BoatDesign.Net Forums and Gallery
Users of the site's Forums must register separately for these services (free of charge) in order to post messages, although they needn't register to visit the site. During registration the user is required to supply a username, password, email address, location, and either general or specific description of current boats.
Submission to the Boat Design Directory
Businesses or users wishing to appear in the Boat Design Directory may submit voluntary information including Business name, address, description, website address, email address, and phone number.
"E-mail this to a friend" Service
The site allows users to electronically forward a link, page, or documents to someone else ("e-mail this to a friend".) The user must provide their email address, as well as that of the recipient. This information is used only in the case of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient know who sent the email. The information is not used for any other purpose.
Usage tracking
BoatDesign.Net tracks user traffic patterns. However, this information is not correlated with data about individual users.
BoatDesign.Net sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms that users enter in our Search function, but this tracking is never associated with individual users. This tracking information is used to determine which areas users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. BoatDesign.Net does not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall.
Cookies
BoatDesign.Net may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable BoatDesign.Net to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
BoatDesign.Net uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). The site's advertising system delivers a cookie to better track ad impressions and click rates.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, cookies greatly improve the ability to participate actively in forums or the gallery.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to the website.
Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads based on user's visit to BoatDesign.Net and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
You may also opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info
We may utilize cookies for online advertising. We may also allow third-party entities such as ad servers, ad networks and data collection organizations, to place and utilize cookies on BoatDesign.Net. Cookies enable us and other third-parties to present ads to users based on their visit to BoatDesign.Net and other sites on the Internet.
These third-parties use technology to deliver advertisements that appear on BoatDesign.Net directly to your web browsers. These third-parties automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-parties and BoatDesign.Net to measure the effectiveness of advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
BoatDesign.Net has no access to or control over cookies and technologies that are used by third-party advertisers. BoatDesign.Net's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers, networks and data collection organizations for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options or by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) industry website at: www.networkadvertising.org/choices. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can also be found at the browsers' respective websites
Your Consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by BoatDesign.Net. If BoatDesign.net decides to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
We collect the following information:
Click-stream data
HTTP protocol elements
Search terms
User's Name
Computer information
At the user's option, we may also collect the following data:
Email Address
Website Address
Location
Current Boats
Birth Date
Name
Telephone
Business Address
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
Voluntary Submission to the Boat Design Directory or Participation in Interactive Areas including the Boat Design Forums and Boat Design Gallery. Please do not post, reply, submit, or PM information which is sensitive, confidential, restricted, or which should not be shared.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents, or in the case of voluntary submissions to the forum, gallery, or directory, posted on the net.
Do we use Cookies
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and allow you to track posts and login to the forum
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits BoatDesign.Net.
Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to users based on their visit to BoatDesign.Net and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
You may also opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info
We may utilize cookies for online advertising. We may also allow third-party entities such as ad servers, ad networks and data collection organizations, to place and utilize cookies on BoatDesign.Net. Cookies enable us and other third-parties to present ads to users based on their visit to BoatDesign.Net and other sites on the Internet.
These third-parties use technology to deliver advertisements that appear on BoatDesign.Net directly to your web browsers. These third-parties automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-parties and BoatDesign.Net to measure the effectiveness of advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
BoatDesign.Net has no access to or control over cookies and technologies that are used by third-party advertisers. BoatDesign.Net's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers, networks and data collection organizations for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options or by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) industry website at: www.networkadvertising.org/choices. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can also be found at the browsers' respective websites
Contact
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please send your concerns or questions using the contact form.
Your name or email address:
Do you already have an account?
No, create an account now.
Yes, my password is:
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
Boat Design Net
Home
Help
>