https://brewerkz.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyBrewerkz is sensitive to privacy issues with respect to the use of any personal data provided by you at this website and believes it is important for you to know how it treats such data.In general, you can visit this website without telling Brewerkz who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are times however, when Brewerkz may need specific data from you, such as your name and address and other contact information, process requests initiated by you, such as for online ordering, product & service information, developing profiles for receiving news alerts, for contests or lucky draws. While Brewerkz may use such data to contact or send materials to you for marketing purposes, it will use commercially reasonable steps to safe guard the data from unauthorized access and, unless consented to by you at the time of collection or unless Brewerkz is compelled by law to disclose such information, Brewerkz will not disclose customer-specific information that is gathered on this website to unaffiliated organizations or third parties. Nonetheless, Brewerkz reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to make exceptions, whenever it believes an emergency, illegal activity or some other reasonable basis exists for notifying or providing such information to the appropriate authorities. Brewerkz does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or least information collected on this website or its email lists.NB: Only if your website uses a cookie.If not, please delete:- Brewerkz may give your computer a cookie when you visit the website. Cookies are pieces of information that websites transfer to you computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. However, Brewerkz does not attempt to link the cookies to an individual nor does it use the cookies to track your travels through this website. Brewerkz also does not share the cookie with any other website. If the use of cookies does make you uncomfortable, Brewerkz urges you to set your browser preferences to refuse to accept cookies from this website. This will not affect the information available to you.Save for your data as may be requested by Brewerkz from time to time, do not send Brewerkz any other information or data that is confidential or proprietary. Brewerkz will treat such information or data as being non-confidential and non-proprietary. While Brewerkz will endeavor to protect such information from disclosure, it will assume no obligation to do so and will be free to reproduce, use, and distribute the information to others without restriction, where it deems appropriate. Brewerkz will also be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in information that you send to Brewerkz for any purpose whatsoever including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services incorporating such information.This website may contain links to other websites. While Brewerkz tries to link only to sites that share its standards and respect for privacy, it is not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by these other website.Because of the evolving nature of the technologies that Brewerkz uses and the way it conducts its business, it may amend this privacy policy from time to time. Brewerkz will post any revisions on this website and your continued use of this website shall be deemed to be acceptance on your part o these revised terms and conditions.It is not currently possible for you to delete your personal information from Brewerkz's database. However, at any time you may request such data to be removed from Brewerkz's database e-mail to info@brewerkz.com and Brewerkz will honor your request. Should you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, the practices on your this website or your dealings with this website, please feel free to contact us by sending an email to info@brewerkz.com.
Sign Up to our NewsletterBe the first to know the latest news, promos, outdoor events and more!