https://brewerkz.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & ConditionsWHAT THIS WEBSITE CONTAINSWelcome to Brewerkz. Brewerkz maintains this website for your entertainment, information, education and communication subject to your acceptance of the following Terms of Use ("TOS"), which may be updated by MENU from time to time without notice to you. It also contains general information about the company and its on-line store, which features online ordering capabilities. Anytime you use this website, it means that you accept and will abide by these TOS and any changes thereto. For individuals, you must at least [21] years of age to place an order (unless you produce your parent's or legal guardian's consent who are able to pay for such purchases and give verifiable permission for you to purchase the products). By ordering a product from this website, you represent that you are 21 years or older.PLACING YOUR ORDERYou may place an order by filling in the order form at this website and clicking the "Submit Order and I Agree to the above TOS" button. By placing an order, you make an offer to purchase Brewerkz product(s) that you have selected on these TOS which may or may not be accepted by Brewerkz at its discretion without cause or explanation to you and Brewerkz shall not be held liable for the refusal of any order. If Brewerkz accepts your order, it will notify you of its acceptance by issuing an Order Confirmation which will be sent to you by e-mail, post or fax (as the case may be). Your Order Confirmation shall be effective immediately upon sending. If Brewerkz cannot accept your order, it shall contact you [by telephone]. There may a charge if you cancel any order which has been accepted by Brewerkz.Information contained at this website constitutes an invitation to treat. No such information constitutes an offer by Brewerkz to supply any product. Actual products may differ slightly from those pictured.PRICES, PAYMENT AND DELIVERYAll prices quoted on this website are in Singapore Dollars and do not include charges for shipping and handling, and taxes. The price payable by you for any product will be indicated on your Order Confirmation and will inclusive of any goods and service tax (GST) and any other tax, charges and/or customs duties imposed on the product. Separate charges for shipping and handling will be shown on your invoice. Brewerkz may be obligated to withhold sales tax for delivery outside Singapore.You may pay for your products(s) by credit card only. If you are paying by credit card, you must supply your credit card details when you place your order. Payment is subject to the approval of your credit card issuer and Brewerkz shall not be liable in any way if such issuer refuses to approve the payment for any reason. Please be sure to read the terms and conditions carefully before making your purchase. Brewerkz regrets that no refunds will be entertained once an order has been delivered.Brewerkz will use its reasonable endeavours to deliver your product(s) to you within 2 business days of the date of issue of your Order Confirmation. However, Brewerkz does not guarantee that it will deliver within this time frame and reserves the right to limit shipment to countries other than Singapore and charge a separate delivery fee if you were not available to accept delivery at any arranged delivery time. If you plan to pick up your order, please allow one (1) business day for processing.Title and risk of loss to your product(s) will pass to you upon delivery to you or a person authorized by you to accept delivery thereof at the arranged time and location.YOUR OBLIGATIONS AND INDEMNITYYou are required to:Inform Brewerkz immediately of any changes in your particulars given to Brewerkz;Not to use this website for any unlawful purpose or to violate anyone’s rights in any way which may affect other users’ access to this website;Not resell or otherwise provide any product purchased from this website to third parties whether for profit or not without Brewerkz’s prior written consent;Not reproduce, distribute, modify, display, prepare derivative work based on, repost or otherwise use the content of this website except that you may download one copy of the material in temporary storage for your personal, non-commercial, home viewing only and shall not delete or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices.You agree to indemnify, and hold Brewerkz, its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates and strategic partners harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, arising or resulting from your use of this website or your breach of these TOS. Brewerkz shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit or proceeding and reasonably assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.LIABILITYThis website and all the contents herein are provided on an "as is where is" basis without any warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. You expressly agree that use of this website is at your sole risk. Brewerkz does not warrant that this website will operate error-free or that this website or its service is free of computer viruses or other harmful items nor does Brewerkz make any warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of this website or its contents. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Brewerkz disclaims all warranties, including but not limited to implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of proprietary or third party rights.Save for death or personal injury, Brewerkz expressly excludes liability to you or any third party. Under no circumstances will Brewerkz be liable for any damages whatsoever (including but not limited to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, exemplary or lost profits) resulting from the use or inability to use this website or its contents whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not Brewerkz is advised of the possibility of such damages.If Brewerkz is responsible to you and Brewerkz cannot for any reason rely on the exclusion of liability set out above, then the maximum amount that it has to pay to you or any third party in relation to the product purchased from this website is the price that you have paid to Brewerkz for that product.Brewerkz is not responsible for and does not endorse any third party services or products which you may access, use or acquire through this website. Brewerkz is not responsible for any loss or damage caused by or as a result of such product or service whether accessed through this website.TERMINATIONBrewerkz shall have the right to terminate/suspend your access or terminate any or all business transactions with you without notice if you are in breach of any of these TOS or for conduct that Brewerkz, in its sole discretion, believe is in violation of any applicable law or harmful to the interest of another, or if you have provided false or incomplete information to Brewerkz. Any termination pursuant to this Clause shall not affect any rights or remedies of either party against the other before the date of termination.GENERAL PROVISIONSThese TOS may not be supplemented, altered or modified by the use of any other document(s). Any attempt to modify, supplement or amend these terms and conditions will be null and void unless agreed to in writing by Brewerkz. You may not assign your rights or obligations under this Agreement without MENU’s express written consent. These TOS together with you order form and any other documents issued pursuant thereto contain the whole agreement between you and Brewerkz and shall prevail over any other terms. All customer data collected by Brewerkz through this website is subject to Brewerkz's Privacy Policy.LINKSBrewerkz has not reviewed all of the sites linked to this website and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to this website. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by Brewerkz of the sites. Your linking to any other off-sites pages or other sites is at your own risk.COPYRIGHTYou should assume that everything you see or read on this website is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided hereunder or in the text of this website without the prior written consent of Brewerkz. Brewerkz neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed at this website will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Brewerkz. Images, photographs or illustrations displayed on this website are either the property of or used with permission by Brewerkz. The use of these materials by you or anyone else authorized by you is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these TOS or specific permission provided elsewhere on this website. Any unauthorized use of the images contained at this website may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and communications regulations and statutes. Save as expressly permitted under these TOS, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring nay license or right under copyright or other intellectual property right.GOVERNING LAW & JURISDICTIONAny agreement formed between you and Brewerkz on these TOS shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Singapore. Both you and Brewerkz agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Singapore.Brewerkz shall have the right to terminate/suspend your access or terminate any or all business transactions with you without notice if you are in breach of any of these TOS or for conduct that Brewerkz, in its sole discretion, believe is in violation of any applicable law or harmful to the interest of another, or if you have provided false or incomplete information to Brewerkz. Any termination pursuant to this Clause shall not affect any rights or remedies of either party against the other before the date of termination.
Sign Up to our NewsletterBe the first to know the latest news, promos, outdoor events and more!