https://brian-milton.uk/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Contents1 Privacy Policy1.1 Sharing Information with Paypal1.2 How Paypal Uses Data2 Copyright and Use3 Disclaimer for Links4 Limitation of Liability5 Indemnity
Privacy Policy
This website is owned by Brian Milton. Brian Milton and this website do not rent or sell their mailing or e-mail lists and strive to keep your personal information confidential.
Sharing Information with Paypal
This website accepts payments through PayPal. Customers’ data will be passed on to this third party, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Information shared with this payment provider to process payments may include:
Name
Email
Physical Address
Phone
Unique payment identifier
Payment provider identifier
How Paypal Uses Data
To better understand how Paypal uses and stores the data shared with them, please check their privacy policies directly: https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-prev
Copyright and Use
Brian Milton, owner of www.brian-milton.com, claims all rights in this website and its contents. The content on this website is copyrighted as a collective work under the United Kingdom copyright laws, including copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as such items as information data, photographs, graphics, videos, text, images, typefaces, sounds, e-newsletters.
Links to this website may be included in any other website.
You may not otherwise publish, distribute, extract, reuse or reproduce any part of this site in any form (including photocopying or storing it in any medium by electronic means) without written consent from Brian Milton. Notwithstanding the forgoing, brief passages from this website of no more than 250 words may be quoted verbatim, provided the website www.brian-milton.com is conspicuously credited as the source.
Disclaimer for Links
Brian Milton expressly disclaims any responsibility for any product or service or the accuracy, content or availability of information found on other blogsites/websites that contain links to or from this website. Because some websites employ automated search results or otherwise link you to websites containing information that may be deemed inappropriate or offensive, Brian Milton cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in third-party websites, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against Brian Milton with respect to such material.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances shall Brian Milton or any other party involved in creating, producing or distributing his website be liable, and you agree to waive and hold Brian Milton (and his representatives and heirs) harmless for any and all such liability, for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or loss of profits, good will, use, data or other intangible losses (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages) that result from (i) any delay, failure, interruption or corruption of this website or any data or information transmitted in connection with the use of this website, (ii) personal injury or death caused by your use or misuse of this website, (iii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from your use of any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into, through or from our website (iv) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, (v) statements or conduct of any third party on this website, or (vi) any other matter relating to this website. You hereby acknowledge that the waivers and obligations to hold harmless contained in this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise and services available through this website.
Notwithstanding the above, the sole liability of Brian Milton for any reason to you and your sole and exclusive remedy for any cause or claim whatsoever shall be limited to the amount paid by you for any product, information or service purchased by you from Brian Milton through this website.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Brian Milton, and his officers, directors, employees, agents, providers, merchants, sponsors, licensors and affiliates harmless from and against all claims, actions, demands, judgments, losses and liabilities (including, without limitation, costs, expenses and attorneys’ fees) by you or any third-party resulting or arising, directly or indirectly, out of content you submit, post to or transmit through his website, your use of his website, your connection to his website, your violation of these Terms of Use or your violation of any rights of another person.
Website © 2020 Brian Milton.
All rights reserved.
The reproduction of images and text on this website is strictly forbidden without the written consent of Brian Milton.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Recent Posts
Meeting the Queen-for the 2nd Time
Brian Discusses His World Flight and New Aviation
The Dalgety Flyer as a Film Script
Chasing Ghosts: Excerpt
A Jolly Little Caper
Recent Comments
This website may use cookies. Please click ACCEPT to continue browsing these pages.ACCEPT
Cookie settingsPrivacy Policy and Terms of UsePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.