https://britishskydiving.org/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Search for:
Skydive the Expo
Skydive the Mag
Members
Search for:
About
Overview
Staff
What We Do
Join Us
Where Can I Skydive?
Members
Return to Skydiving
Membership
Insurance & Travel
Members’ Skydiving Records
FAI International Certificates
Star Awards
How to make a nomination
British Skydiving Stars Previous Winners
Council & Committees
Council
Committees
Agendas & Minutes
Governance
Strategic Plan
AGM
Review of the Year 2019
Skydiving
Return to Skydiving
Your First Skydive
Become a Skydiver
Training & Progression
Display Teams
Competitions
Social Distance Learning
Safety
Stay Safe
How Safe?
Tandem Mods
Safety Notices
Safety Info Bulletin
Safety Manuals
Drop Zones
News & Events
Events
The Archive
Magazines
History of the Mag
All the Mags
Starter Mags
Calendars
The First 50
Magazine Master Index
Magazine Editor List
Magazine Acknowledgements
Videos
Badges
Documents
Drop Zones & Clubs
Archive Listings
Competitions
National Champions
Records
People in the Sport
Memories
Contact The Archive
Forms
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Who we are
British Skydiving is the trading name of British Parachute Association Ltd. A company limited by guarantee. Registered Office: 5 Wharf Way, Glen Parva, Leicester, United Kingdom, LE2 9TF.
Registered in England No: 875429. VAT Reg No: 239469620, www.britishskydiving.org
If you would like to contact us
You may telephone us on 0116 278 5271 or +44 116 278 5271 from outside the UK. You may also e-mail us using the following addresses – Membership Services: membership@britishskydiving.org.uk or; Administration: info@britishskydiving.org
British Skydiving HQ opening hours are:Monday to Friday: 09:00 – 17:00We are closed on Bank Holidays and between Christmas & New Year.
Legal Information
This page contains important information explaining your relationship with the owner of this website and your rights to access and use information on it. Please read this notice carefully. If you do not agree to accept all terms of the notice, please do not use this website. By continuing to use this website you acknowledge that you accept such terms.
Use of this website
Access to this website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on this website without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason this website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of this website to users who have registered with us.
You must not misuse this website by knowingly introducing viruses, Trojans, worms or other technologically harmful material. The introduction of obscene or offensive material is expressly forbidden. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the website, the server(s) on which the website is hosted, or any server, computer or database connected to the website.
British Skydiving, at its sole discretion, may exclude any users who breach the terms of use of this website and may also take appropriate action including commencement of civil proceedings, or involvement of law enforcement agencies, if deemed appropriate.
Intellectual property
This website, including this legal notice, contains material including text, images, video, audio recordings and documents, which is protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property rights. All copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in the material comprising this website are owned by or licensed to British Skydiving. Any reproduction or use of such trademarks and other intellectual property rights, save as permitted hereby, is strictly prohibited and may result in civil and/or criminal liability. Any trademark, copyright or other intellectual property notices contained in the original material must not be removed from any material copied or printed off this website. Save as expressly permitted, no part of this material may be reproduced in any form including storing it in any medium by electronic means whether or not temporary or incidental to some other use. Commercial use is not permitted. Particular terms relevant to the use of downloadable material are as set out below. Certain materials contained on this website are intended to be downloadable for certain purposes.
Permitted uses for downloads are:
Private study or reference.
Non-published research.
Reporting in the media, so long as those reports are legitimate and legal in their country of publication.
To assist third parties engaged by British Skydiving in fulfilling company requirements.
By Company employees for the purposes of their employment.
WARNING: The execution of any unauthorised act in relation to material on this website may result in both civil and criminal liability.
Information contained on this website and disclaimer
British Skydiving takes all reasonable steps to ensure that all information provided on this website is correct at the time of inclusion but do not represent or warrant that the material comprised in this website is completely accurate or up to date. Accordingly, British Skydiving shall not have any liability in respect of such material or for any use of or reliance on such information by any such person. Images used are for illustrative purposes only.
Links to other websites
Our websites may contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third-party websites have their own privacy policies, including cookies, and we urge you to review them. They will govern the use of personal information which you submit or which is collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Links
Forms
Sign Up to the Free British Skydiving E-Newsletter
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'd also like to set optional analytics cookies to help us improve it. We won't set optional cookies unless you enable them. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
We use necessary cookies to make our site work. We'd also like to set optional analytics cookies to help us improve it. We won't set optional cookies unless you enable them. Use this link to set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences. For more detailed information about the cookies we use, see our Cookies policy
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
We'd like to set Analytics cookies to help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone. For more information on how these cookies work, please see our 'Cookies page'