https://britishskydiving.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Skydive the Expo
Skydive the Mag
Members
Search for:
About
Overview
Staff
What We Do
Join Us
Where Can I Skydive?
Members
Return to Skydiving
Membership
Insurance & Travel
Members’ Skydiving Records
FAI International Certificates
Star Awards
How to make a nomination
British Skydiving Stars Previous Winners
Council & Committees
Council
Committees
Agendas & Minutes
Governance
Strategic Plan
AGM
Review of the Year 2019
Skydiving
Return to Skydiving
Your First Skydive
Become a Skydiver
Training & Progression
Display Teams
Competitions
Social Distance Learning
Safety
Stay Safe
How Safe?
Tandem Mods
Safety Notices
Safety Info Bulletin
Safety Manuals
Drop Zones
News & Events
Events
The Archive
Magazines
History of the Mag
All the Mags
Starter Mags
Calendars
The First 50
Magazine Master Index
Magazine Editor List
Magazine Acknowledgements
Videos
Badges
Documents
Drop Zones & Clubs
Archive Listings
Competitions
National Champions
Records
People in the Sport
Memories
Contact The Archive
Forms
Contact
Privacy Policy
How we use your information
This Privacy Policy tells you what to expect when British Skydiving collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
visitors to our websites (see below)
For people who use our services, eg members, and non-members who contact us for information or to subscribe to any of our services or publications please refer to our Privacy Notice (downloadable pdf, 241 KB) for British Skydiving members.
Visitors to our websites
When someone visits one of our websites, we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our websites. We will not associate any data gathered from any British Skydiving website with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be upfront about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Links to other websites
Our websites may contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third-party websites have their own privacy policies, including cookies, and we urge you to review them. They will govern the use of personal information which you submit or which is collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
Use of cookies by British Skydiving
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set (see ‘Essential site cookie’). A second cookie (see ‘Content Management System cookie’) is set on a small number of users’ machines, depending on the browser they use, when they arrive at the British Skydiving site. We do not use this cookie for any purpose and are working to remove it or find another solution. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work.
CookieNamePurposeEssential site cookiePHPSESSIDThis cookie is essential for the online notification form to operate and is set upon your arrival to the British Skydiving site. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.Google Analytics_utma_utmb_utmc_utmzThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.Click here for an overview of privacy at Google.Content Management SystemPastMemberThis cookie is set by our Content Management System on a small number of browsers, upon accessing the CMS to aid effeciency of the user specific content. It is not used by British Skydiving for any purpose.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. Click here to find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them.
Click here to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites.
Checking or updating personal information
British Skydiving members can check and/or update personal information, including contact preferences for GDPR by login into the Members Area.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Links
Forms
Sign Up to the Free British Skydiving E-Newsletter
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'd also like to set optional analytics cookies to help us improve it. We won't set optional cookies unless you enable them. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
We use necessary cookies to make our site work. We'd also like to set optional analytics cookies to help us improve it. We won't set optional cookies unless you enable them. Use this link to set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences. For more detailed information about the cookies we use, see our Cookies policy
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
We'd like to set Analytics cookies to help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone. For more information on how these cookies work, please see our 'Cookies page'