https://brooklinelabrescue.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy Brookline Labrador Retriever Rescue, Inc. (“BLRR”) operates the brooklinelabrescue.org web site. It is BLRR’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
Certain visitors to BLRR’s websites may choose to interact with BLRR in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that BLRR gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, more information is required to adopt a dog or join as a volunteer than to participate in our online auction.
In each case, BLRR collects such information only as necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with BLRR. Visitors may always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related or online activities.
All financial transactions, including online purchases and tax-deductible donations, are processed entirely through our secure payment processor, PayPal. As such, your financial information, including credit card and/or checking account information, is never collected by or shared with BLRR or its volunteers.
BLRR discloses personally-identifying information only to those of its volunteers that need to know that information to process it on BLRR’s behalf. BLRR will not rent, trade or sell personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its volunteers, as described above, BLRR discloses personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when BLRR believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of BLRR, third parties or the public at large. BLRR takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of personally-identifying information.
If you are a former adopter or donor and have supplied your email address and/or home address, BLRR may occasionally send you mail or email to keep you up to date with what’s going on with BLRR and our events.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service, if needed
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email, and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Right to be informed: BLRR controls your contact information and uses it to process applications, transactions, and should you subscribe to our email list, to keep you informed about news, events and updates from the organization. We do not share this information with third parties. You have the right to withdraw consent at any time by contacting us or by using the unsubscribe feature located at the bottom of every email newsletter.
Right of Access: You have the right to access the data we have on file about you. Contact us (see below) and we will provide you with the information on file within 30 to 90 days.
Right to Rectification: You may request to have your information corrected or updated. Contact us (see below) and we will make requested updates within 30 to 60 days.
Right to Erasure: Upon request, we will remove your data from our database, provided that its need no longer exists (e.g., to process applications, transactions, etc.) or as long as there are no other legal circumstances that make it necessary to refuse your request. Contact us (see below).
Right to Restrict Processing: You have the right to block or suppress the processing of your data; however, this does not mean your data will be erased. Contact us (see below).
Right to Data Portability: You have the right to obtain and reuse your personal data (e.g., donations, etc.). Contact us (see below).
Right to Object: You have the right to object to your data being processed; however, an objection may preclude our ability to process applications, transactions, etc. (This does not apply if processing involves establishing or defending a legal claim or if other grounds may override this right.) Contact us (see below).
Right Not to Be Subjected to Automated Decision Making: You may opt out of automated processing (i.e., decisions made without human intervention). Contact us (see below).
Although most changes are likely to be minor, BLRR may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in BLRR’s sole discretion.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
www.brooklinelabrescue.org
P.O. Box 638
Warrington, PA 18976-0638
info@brooklinelabrescue.org
Last Reviewed: 7-28-18
The information contained on BLRR’s website is provided by the organization for general informational purposes only. None of the information on the website is intended nor should be construed to be legal advice or a legal opinion. While every effort has been made to ensure that the information contained on the website is as accurate as possible, omissions and errors may occur. Also, because of the nature of website development, maintenance, and updating, the information contained on the website may not reflect the most current developments. BLRR and its contributing authors expressly disclaim all liability to any person with respect to the consequences of any act or omission committed based upon reliance, in whole or in part, on any of the contents of the website. Additionally, BLRR is not responsible for any third-party content linked to or from our website.
Support Brookline Lab RescueDonate to Brookline
Donate .5% of your purchases on Amazon to Brookline Lab Rescue just by shopping! See how it works.
Also, take a look at our Wish List.
Stay up to date with Brookline
Name
First Name
Last Name
Email
Search for:
How It Works
Go to smile.amazon.com and sign into your Amazon account. In the field that says Search, type in Brookline Labrador Retriever Rescue (or Labrador Retriever Rescue) and hit Search. When it comes up, choose it as your charity. When you shop, sign into smile.amazon.com instead of plain old amazon.com, and every purchase will help our Labs! How easy is that?