https://burgesscellars.com/privacy/
Privacy | Burgess Cellars
Shop Wines
Visit
Wine Club
Mountain Vineyards
Our Vineyards
Our Practices
Mountain Crafted
Napa Green
Year in the Vineyard
Our Roots
About Us
Meet the Team
Our Founder Tom Burgess
45th Anniversary
Trade
Login
MENU
Privacy
This Privacy Policy describes the information, including personally identifiable information, WineDirect collects when you sign up for, use, access or otherwise interact with any Burgess Cellars applications, products, services, or websites (collectively, Services), how we use and share that information, and your options. This policy applies to you, including visitors, users, and to winery clients (Clients), unless specified otherwise herein.
It applies to all information we collect through our Services, even if you have not signed up for a Burgess Cellars account or downloaded one of our applications. This policy does not, however, describe the practices of third parties that may collect information from you when you interact with them, including Clients that use Burgess Cellars to accept payment for goods or services. We encourage you to ask them about their privacy practices before providing any information to them. To the extent any portions of the following policy are inconsistent with applicable law or regulations, or to the extent you provide your express consent for uses not specifically described herein, then such laws or regulations, or your express consent, will govern Burgess Cellars' use of your information.
Security - Online Shopping
Burgess Cellars uses WineDirect for all online transactions. WineDirect takes appropriate and commercially reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to help protect personal information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
WineDirect is PCI compliant.
We will make all commercially reasonable efforts to keep the website secure from third party interference, including but not limited to unauthorized third party amendment of the website or third party access to any data not intended to be publicly available via the website.
However, no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure, and WineDirect cannot guarantee the security of any information provided.
Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, WineDirect does not promise or guarantee, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or communications with us will always remain private.
We will notify you immediately if any such third party interference occurs.
Tasting Room Reservations | vino@burgesscellars.com
Inquiries & Sales
|
customerservice@burgesscellars.com
INFORMATION ACCOLADES
GALLERY BLOG
BUY WINE
TRADE
MY ACCOUNT
VIDEOS & FILMS
PRIVACY
CONTACT US Call Us:
707.963.4766
Email Us:
customerservice@burgesscellars.com
Mailing Address
P.O. Box 282 St. Helena, California, 94574, USA
Winery Location
1108 Deer Park Road, Deer Park, CA 94576
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.
 2020 Burgess Cellars. All Rights Reserved. Design: 4parts Design
//]]>