https://burmesecatclub.com/terms/
At the Burmese Cat Club we’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We will only use your personal information to provide the products, services and/or information that you have requested from us.
However, from time to time we would like to update you with news from recent rehome stories, show news or offers we have running. We will ask you for explicit consent when you pass your details to us, and you have the free choice to opt in or out.
Who are we?
We are the Burmese Cat Club, formed in 1955, and one of the largest clubs, we exist to safeguard the wellbeing and the purity of the breed, and to encourage a wider appreciation of the unique qualities of Burmese cats. You can find information about the committee and contact details here.
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us about shows, news, cat welfare and services via our contact form.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your title, full name, telephone number, what your enquiry relates to, email address, IP address, and information about what pages are accessed and when.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
Process enquiries that you have submitted
Seek your views or comments on the products and services we provide
Notify you of changes to our club and its services
Send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you. These may include information about shows, rehome stories, your membership with the club, committee updates and the magazine
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as it is set out in any contract you have with us.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third party service providers, agents subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to process membership applications, to list your kittens for sale, to list your stud cat, to help you rehome a cat). However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
Your choices
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us then you can notify us.
We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email or post unless you have given your prior consent. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us.
How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. If you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please contact us.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information the Burmese Cat Club hold about you and will incur no fee for doing so.
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Any sensitive information (such as names and addresses) are stored on our secure SSL encrypted website and transmitted manually to our secure database. When you are on a secure web page, a lock icon will appear in the top left of web browsers such as Google Chrome. If you do not see this pad lock the page is not secure and you should not submit your data.
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Steps we have taken to ensure the security of your data on our website:
Updating our website and its plugins regularly
Forcing HTTPS/SLL on all pages
Configuring regular back ups
Routinely updating passwords
Routinely removing submitted data from the website
Use of ‘cookies’
Like many other websites, the Burmese Cat Club website uses cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to tell us how many users have visited our website, what pages they looked at and how long they spent on our site. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.
It is possible to switch off cookies by either setting your browser preferences or by choosing from the cookie options listed at the top of our website. Warning: turning off all cookies of may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Review of this Policy
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in February 2019.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy