https://buy.glaetzer.com/privacy
Glaetzer Wines – Privacy Policy
This document is the Glaetzer Wines Privacy Policy which has been developed to ensure that Glaetzer Wines complies with the Privacy Act 1988. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected by Glaetzer Wines.
The personal information held by Glaetzer Wines is as follows:
Name
Contact Details (including email address, delivery address & telephone number)
Purchasing Information
Your personal information and sales history is not disclosed or shared with any other party outside of Glaetzer Wines other than to facilitate delivery of our wines to you via freight companies contracted by us to perform this part of our service.
If you supply us with your email address online, you may receive periodic mailing from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive mailings please let us know via email admin@glaetzer.com or call us on 08 8563 0947.
Glaetzer Wines wishes to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up to date at all times. If you advise us of any changes to your personal information we will correct it accordingly.
With respect to security; we have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Glaetzer Wines uses Braintree Payment Gateway to provide a secure environment for the authorisation of credit card transactions over the Internet. Cardholder data is stored using one of the most advanced encryption methods available. For more information on Braintree’s guidelines on security standards, please visit: https://www.braintreepayments.com/developers/security .These secure processes provide clients with peace of mind when purchasing online.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated Privacy Policy, you may contact us at admin@glaetzer.com or call us on 08 8563 0947.
You can obtain further information about privacy in Australia and the protection of your personal information at: www.privacy.gov.au
Tanunda South Australia 5352
Glaetzer Wines does not have Cellar Door Facilities
Tel: +61 8 8563 0947
Fax: +61 8 8563 3781
admin@glaetzer.com
© 2016 Glaetzer Wines
Privacy Policy