https://cairnterrier.org/index.php/Static/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
How we use information
This is how we handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website. The information we receive depends on what you do when you visit our site.
If you visit our site to browse, or to read or download public information
We collect and store: the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com or stanford.edu); the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site.
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful. Generally, this information is deleted monthly.
If you visit our site to participate in discussion forums, or access the CTCA member area
We collect and store the same information as above, with the following additions:
Your IP address is associated with messages you post in the discussion forums. We store that information so that in the event the discussion forums are abused we can block messages from the computer or network address associated with the abuse.
You may elect, through your discussion forum registration profile, to enable our use of “cookies” to make discussion forum participation easier. Using cookies reduces the number of times you must authenticate yourself to the system.
We may use cookies to make access to the CTCA member area easier, by remembering your authentication from past visits.
If you choose to register as a Forum user in order to increase your posting privileges and gain access to additional functionality, we store your email address, and any optional information you choose to include in your profile. We use your name,if provided, to authenticate you as a member of the CTCA.
If you use the live chat facility, we log the IP address of participants and may retain transcripts of chat sessions. We may retain that information so that in the event of abuse we can block participation from the computer or network address associated with the abuse.
The CTCA does not sell or reveal information that you provided, except as required by law. The CTCA may use email or contact information you provide for purposes of conducting the affairs of the CTCA, such as sending membership mailings, polling or surveying the membership, or advising the membership of matters presumed to be of interest to members of the CTCA.
If you contact us using email, forms or other mechanisms provided by the web site
If you contact us to order publications or request information, we will use your information only to fulfill your order or to contact you about your order or respond to your request.
If you send us an email, you should know that email is not necessarily secure against interception. So, if your communication includes sensitive information like your bank account, charge card, or social security number, you should consider contacting us by postal mail or telephone rather than email.
Forum Third-Party Advertising Cookies
We may use third parties to serve ads when you use our discussion forum. These companies may use information (but not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
We do not knowingly maintain any personal information for any child under 13. If we become aware that we have recorded information for any child under 13 we will delete it. A parent or guardian may request we maintain personal information (such as a forum registration profile) about a child under 13 by filing a consent notice. Please contact admin @ ctca.us to make such a request.
Here’s how to contact us
For questions about the content or operation of the web site: admin @ ctca.us (webmaster)
For questions about the Cairn Terrier Club of America: info@ctca.us (CTCA Corresponding Secretary). Additional contact information can be found in Officers and Governors section of this site.
Last Updated: March 26, 2011
Join the Club!
Learn more about becoming a member of the Cairn Terrier Club of America
Upcoming Events
View all events
What's New at the CTCA?
Free Webinar: Cancer Immunotherapy: Basic Concepts and Strategies for Improving Treatment Outcomes (October 6, 2016)
Now Available: Illustrated Guide to the Cairn Terrier (2016) (May 24, 2016)
Free Webinar: Tick Borne Infectious Diseases in North America:  Clinical and Zoonotic Implications (April 27, 2016)
Notes from the AKC CHF 2015 Health Conference (September 14, 2015)
Free Webinar: Joint Health in Dogs (July 29, 2015)