http://cambridgebrewingcompany.com/privacy-policy
1 Kendall Square, Bldg 100 Cambridge, MA
(617) 494.1994
Home
Beer
Food
Lunch
Dinner
Drinks
Brunch
Catering
Events
Shop
Contact
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.cambridgebrewingcompany.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact forms
If you fill out a contact form on our site you may opt-in to saving your name and email address. We keep contact form submissions for 2 months for customer service purposes, but you do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track visitors to our website. Google Analytics uses cookies to gather information about website use. The information gathered relating to our website is used to analyze the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Payments
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it.
We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Our contact information
We can be reached via email at admin[at]cambridgebrewingcompany[dot]com
KITCHEN HOURSMonday: closed
Tuesday & Wednesday: 11:30am - 8pm
Thursday & Friday: 11:30am - 9pm
Saturday: 11:00am - 9pm
Sunday: 11:00am - 4pm
Email *Select list(s) to subscribe toCBC News & Special Events Yes, I would like to receive emails from Cambridge Brewing Company. Sign me up!Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Cambridge Brewing Company, 1 Kendall Sq, Bldg 100, Cambridge, MA, 02139, http://www.cambridgebrewingcompany.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
© 2020 Cambridge Brewing Company, All rights reserved.    |    View Our Awards     |    Privacy Policy
Home
Beer
Food
Lunch
Dinner
Drinks
Brunch
Catering
Events
Shop
Contact