https://campingunlimited.org/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Privacy StatementBlueMar2020-02-06T15:56:58-08:00
Camping Unlimited Privacy Statement
Camping Unlimited is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Camping Unlimited Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Camping Unlimited website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Camping Unlimited collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Camping Unlimited also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Camping Unlimited. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Camping Unlimited for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Camping Unlimited Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Camping Unlimited public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Camping Unlimited does not read any of your private online communications.
Camping Unlimited encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Camping Unlimited so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Camping Unlimited is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Camping Unlimited and Camping Unlimited family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Camping Unlimited collects and uses your personal information to operate the Camping Unlimited Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Camping Unlimited also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Camping Unlimited and its affiliates. Camping Unlimited may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Camping Unlimited does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Camping Unlimited may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Camping Unlimited may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Camping Unlimited, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Camping Unlimited does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Camping Unlimited keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Camping Unlimited, in order to determine what Camping Unlimited services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Camping Unlimited to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Camping Unlimited Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Camping Unlimited or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Camping Unlimited; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Camping Unlimited, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Camping Unlimited Web site may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Camping Unlimited services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
In partnership with our payment gateway provider Authorize.net, Camping Unlimited secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Sensitive personal information, such as credit card numbers, is processed within the context of a secure server @ Authorize.net that is fully PCI compliant.
Changes to this Statement
Camping Unlimited will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Camping Unlimited encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Camping Unlimited is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Camping Unlimited welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Camping Unlimited has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Camping Unlimited at info@campingunlimited.org We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Go to Top