https://campdoodles.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Camp Doodles Digital Privacy Policy (USA) (“Privacy Policy”) describes how we collect and use your information through a variety of digital means. By accessing or using this website, mobile application or other Camp Doodles product or service on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, console or other device (collectively, “Device”), you consent to our Privacy Policy. Camp Doodles may modify this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting. Your continued use of our products and services constitutes your acceptance to this Privacy Policy and any updates.
COLLECTING INFORMATION
We collect information you give us or permit us to access. Information may include, but is not limited to, the name, birth date, email and physical address, telephone number, gender, emergency contact, social media information and profile, location (GPS) information, credit card information and any other information you volunteer, including that provided during registration, in online surveys or through online forms for you or anyone else that you voluntarily provide information for, including but not limited to, your child(ren), spouse, or emergency contact.
USING INFORMATION
We use your information to notify you of information about Camp Doodles or select marketing partners, including but not limited to, news, promotions, and website changes. We will not, without your permission, sell, publish or share information you entrust to us that identifies you or any person.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION POLICIES
As a steward of your information, we will:
Identify our purpose in collecting personal information prior to or at the time that we collect it
Collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with your knowledge or consent
Collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling the purposes we specify and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain your consent as required by law
Use our best efforts to ensure that the personal information we use should be relevant to the purposes for which it is used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date
Protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification
Make information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information readily available
OTHER WEBSITES AND LINKS
Our website contains links to other websites. If you choose to use any of these links, you will be leaving Camp Doodles’ website and going to a new one. Protection of your privacy on these linked sites will be governed by those sites’ individual privacy policies. Camp Doodles is not responsible for the privacy practices on these sites or the use of any information you provide to them.
PROTECTING MINORS’ PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13 without consent from a parent or guardian.
COOKIES
When you visit our site, we may place a cookie on your computer to allow us to record information about your visit and provide access to information that requires online registration.
CONTACT US
For questions or concerns, please contact us at team@campdoodles.com or (415) 388-4386.
LocationsSan Francisco / North Bay
Mill Valley
San Francisco - Hayes Valley
East Bay
Berkeley
Orinda
Contact
Phone
415.388.4386
Email
team@campdoodles.com
We are a nut-free camp.
Shopping Basket