http://camptakajo.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT FOR CAMP TAKAJO ONLINE
Camp Takajo has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Camp Takajo
REGISTRATION FORMS
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address), and demographic information (like their zip code, or age).
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site, only for purposes of displaying contact information on our guestbook file, for the purposes of reuniting past acquaintances, and to update our client address database. Some submissions from children are also used to create content on our web site, such as our Camper Essays section. We also collect some demographic information in order to verify a user is a camper or parent, in order to provide access to some restricted portions of the web site for camp families only.
EXTERNAL LINKS
This site contains links to other sites. Camp Takajo Online is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
PUBLIC FORMS
This site makes forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
SECURITY
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Employment and mailing list information/submissions are encrypted and password protected.
CHILDREN’S GUIDELINES
We care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs. Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children:
We will NOT collect, use, or distribute to third parties personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent.
We will NOT give the child access to unmonitored chat rooms, message boards, email accounts, or other services that would give the child the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent
When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, we will only use the online contact information (such as email) to:
Respond directly to the child’s request on a one-time basis and not use that information to re-contact the child for other purposes.
Request the name or online contact information of a parent for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification.
Respond more than once directly to a specific request from a child (such as in the case where a child requests a newsletter subscription) and not used to re-contact the child for other purposes. We will use our best efforts to provide parental notification, which will include the nature and intended use as well as an opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information and participation in the activity.
We will NOT entice the child to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity, game, or service.
We will provide the parent a description of the specific types of a personally identifiable information collected from their child upon request. We will allow the parent to refuse further use or future online collection of personally identifiable information and provide a way for a parent to obtain any personally identifiable information collected from their child.
We will provide notice to children in age appropriate terms of what personally identifiable information is to be collected.
We will NOT provide any links to Web sites that are unsuitable for children.
We will encourage children to get their parent’s permission before sharing personal information online.
To review the information submitted by your child, please submit a request to info@camptakajo.com and upon verification, we will forward you a copy of the information submitted.
Upon request, we will delete any information in our database collected from your child.
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
You can choose not to provide any information about yourself that will be posted to public areas of the website.
DATA QUALITY/ACCESS
To modify any options for changing and modifying information previously provided, please contact us via email.
CONTACTING CAMP TAKAJO
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us via email.
© 2020 Camp Takajo.
Site MapPrivacy PolicyACA AccreditedMember of MCE
myTakajo
Home
About
History & Owners
Directors
Why Takajo
Bunk Life
Dates & Tuition
Schedule a Tour & Learn More
Activities
Sports
Waterfront
Hobbies
Skills
Pioneering
Parents
Health Center
Dining Hall
Arch Ideals
Staff
Positions and Responsibilities
Apply Online
Alumni
Tak Talk Blog
Contact
Search