https://camphobekids.org/home/camp-hobe/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Latest News
Virtual Camp Hobé 2020
Donate Now
What is Camp Hobé?
About Camp Hobé
Camp Hobé Dates
Where is Camp Hobé?
What Parents Need to Know About Summer Camp
General Questions (Frequently Asked Questions)
About the Summer Camp Program
Summer Camp Registration Info
Cost
Summer Camp Activities
Medical Support at Summer Camp
Transportation to Summer Camp
Summer Camp Forms and Other Practical Stuff
Volunteers
Contact the Director
Directors & Staff
Program Staff
Camp Hobé Board of Directors
Programs & Activities
Registration
Camp History
Photo Galleries
Affiliations & Accreditations
Privacy Policy
Volunteer at Summer Camp
Summer Camp Volunteer Positions
Commitment & Scheduling
Requirements & Application
Precamp Stuff
Volunteer Training Resources
How to be a Great Camp Counselor
Games and Activities
Cancer Information
Development & Sensitive Issues
Communication & Togetherness
Help Us Out
Host / Support an Event
Donate
Financial Donations
Search or Shop & Give
Donate Your Clunker!
Workplace Giving
In-Kind Donations
Our Sponsors
Media Resources
Photo Gallery
YouTube Videos
Hobé Herald
Facebook
E-newsletter Sign-up
Contact Us
Camp Hobé is committed to protecting the confidentiality of all information provided by its camper families, volunteers, and donors. The following sets forth the Camp’s policies and procedures to meet this commitment.
Our commitment to privacy: Camp Hobé will not share personal camper, volunteer, or donor information with anyone outside of our organization. Specifically, Camp Hobé will not sell, trade or share donors’ personal or contact information with any outside person or organization, nor send any mailings on behalf of any other organization.
Information maintained by Camp Hobé: The information Camp Hobé maintains typically includes names, addresses, telephone and fax numbers, email addresses, credit card information and payment amounts. This information is maintained in secure files and in a computer database which is protected by user identification and passwords. It is also protected against access from outside Camp Hobé.
Information obtained through the internet: Camp Hobé receives payments and donations through the internet via secure, encrypted transmission. Camp Hobé  uses “cookies” to verify identity on password protected pages.
Limitation: This privacy policy applies only to information collected by visiting our website directly. If you came to our website through another website or link to another website from Camp Hobé, please check the privacy policy pertaining to that site. Camp Hobé is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of any other websites.
Use of information maintained by Camp Hobé: Personal information is used to maintain a record of all registrations, donations, and volunteer service; to acknowledge any gifts made or service provided; and to communicate with these parties in the future.
Addendum regarding donor privacy: We will not sell, share or trade our donors’ personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. Our sponsorship page lists names of selected donors and is updated annually; donors may opt-out of this listing at any time, as outlined below). This policy applies to all information received by Camp Hobé, both online and offline, on any platform (including our website and any mobile applications), as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications. To the extent any donations are processed through a third-party service provider, our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the donation.
Requests to stop receiving communications from Camp Hobé: Our constituents always have the option of not receiving communications from Camp Hobé, either by mail, email or telephone. If you wish to stop receiving communications from Camp Hobé, please contact us and specify the types of communications you do not wish to receive either by using the form below, calling us at 801-631-2742 or writing to us at: Camp Hobé, PO Box 520755, Salt Lake City, UT 84152-0755.
Requests from donors to opt-out of sponsorship page listing: Our donors always have the option of not being listed on our sponsorship page. If you wish not to be listed, please notify us either by using the form below, calling us at 801-631-2742 or writing to us at: Camp Hobé, PO Box 520755, Salt Lake City, UT 84152-0755.
Updating or changing personal information: Anyone wishing to verify or update their personal information may contact Camp Hobé as indicated above. Please include your old and new information so we can make the necessary changes.
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Subject
Your Message
[recaptcha]
Revisions: This policy may be revised in the future. Please check periodically to view any future changes.
Last updated: November 2019
Donate Now