https://campcolorado.com/privacy-notice/
HomeFind CampgroundRequest GuideAboutCamping ResourcesBlog
PRIVACY NOTICEThis privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for CampColorado.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via our online order form, email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent or share this information to anyone.We use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address supplied in our emails or via the contact form on our website:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.At this time we don’t collect credit card data but if that option is added in the future, that information will be encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way (you would see a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page).We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, shipping, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.Contact For IssuesIf you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 970.573.0320 or via email at info@CampColorado.com.Questions to Campground OfficesA user might use the EMAIL tab to communicate with a campground’s office. The user must first complete the form. During such time, a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest.OrdersIn order for us to ship a camping guide to you from this website, a user must first complete the order form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide other information (in the message field) about yourself, but it is not required.PurchasesPresently there is nothing to buy from us, but if such options become available, you will be required to provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.CookiesWe use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.SharingWe partner with other parties (campgrounds and advertisers) to provide specific services (campsites, etc.). When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.LinksThis website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.Surveys & ContestsFrom time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENTThis document is being created. (2/19/2020)We are presently working on making this website more accessible. For example, on 2/20/2020 we added this to our Request A Guide page: Click here for a PDF that is classified as “Full-Compliant,” but it will require considerably more zooming.Accessibility Statement for Camp Colorado NOTE: The information provided below is pending formal review and approval. (3/5/2020)Camp Colorado is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone, and applying the relevant accessibility standards.Measures to support accessibilityCamp Colorado takes the following measures to ensure accessibility of Camp Colorado:Include accessibility as part of our mission statement.Include accessibility throughout our internal policies.Integrate accessibility into our procurement practices.Assign clear accessibility targets and responsibilities.Conformance statusThe Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) defines requirements for designers and developers to improve accessibility for people with disabilities. It defines three levels of conformance: Level A, Level AA, and Level AAA. Camp Colorado is partially conformant with WCAG 2.1 level AA. Partially conformant means that some parts of the content do not fully conform to the accessibility standard.FeedbackWe welcome your feedback on the accessibility of Camp Colorado. Please let us know if you encounter accessibility barriers on Camp Colorado:E-mail: info@campcolorado.comWe try to respond to feedback within 5 business days.Technical specificationsAccessibility of Camp Colorado relies on the following technologies to work with the particular combination of web browser and any assistive technologies or plugins installed on your computer:HTMLCSSJavaScriptThese technologies are relied upon for conformance with the accessibility standards used.Limitations and alternativesDespite our best efforts to ensure accessibility of Camp Colorado, there may be some limitations. Below is a description of known limitations, and potential solutions. Please contact us if you observe an issue not listed below.Known limitations for Camp Colorado:PDF Files: PDF files may not have plain text or html text alternatives because . . .Assessment approachCamp Colorado assessed the accessibility of Camp Colorado by the following approaches:Self-evaluationThis statement was created on 5 March 2020 using the W3C Accessibility Statement Generator Tool. HomeFind CampgroundRequest GuideCampColorado Blog PostsAbout UsContact UsCamping ResourcesPrivacy & Accessibility Stmt Thank you!We appreciate those who love to camp in Colorado!
© 2020 Camp Colorado. All Rights Reserved | Website by VistaWorks