http://canasfeastwinery.com/company/privacy-policy/
×
MENU
Shop
About Our Wines
Italian Family
Bordeaux Family
Rhone Family
Pacific Northwest Family
Events & News
Events
Latest News
Visit Us
About Us
Our Story
Vineyards
Trade
Fact Sheets & Logos
Distributors
Cellar Club
Club Overview
Club Recipes
Contact Us
Find us online!
Gold Facebook icon
Gold Instagram Icon
Gold Twitter Icon
Skip to main content
Join the Cana's Feast Cellar Club Today!
canasfeast
canasfeast
Shopping Cart IconSHOP
Home
Company
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is CanasFeast's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://canasfeast.com/, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as an acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is effective as of 21 January 2020.
SIGN UP for our NEWSLETTER
Submit
Right Arrow Icon
Up Arrow
Back To Top