https://candyscanines.com/privacy-policy-2
Privacy Policy – Candy's Canines
Skip to content
Candy's Canines
Main Menu
Home
Agility
Classes
Fundog
Club News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:  February 25, 2019
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Candy’s Canines and our website: https://www.candyscanines.com .This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information voluntarily provided to us such as name and email address. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Users have the option to contact Candy’s Canines via email.
This information will only be used to respond to users. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.
Children Under 13
Candy’s Canines does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information of children under the age of 13 without parental consent.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any updates to our privacy policy will be posted directly to our website.
Candy’s 4-1-1 836 Anita Avenue
Antioch, IL
847-838-4820
(No calls after 9pm, please)
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCMENT:
As of January 1st, 2019, fundogagility.com is no longer supported. We are integrating the information from that site into the Candy Canine's site. Please reach out to fundogagilityIT@gmail.com if you have any questions about the site or if you would like to report a technical issue with the site. For questions about classes/trials, please use the contact form or contact us at fundogagility@comcast.net.
Links
Bay De Noc Kennel Club
Candy's Canines FB Page
Candy's Canines Privacy Policy
Canines for Comfort
Canines for Comfort FB Page
C.P.E.
Fluid Motion Agility
NADAC
Pet Personalities
Copyright © 2020 Candy's Canines | Powered by Astra WordPress Theme