http://caninebreeds.bulldoginformation.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
Home
Dog Breed Finder
Dog Breeds A to Z
Designer Dogs
Pug Hybrids
Chihuahua Hybrids
Yorkshire Hybrids
Shih Tzu Hybrids
Terriers
Small Molossers
Toy Dogs
Bichon Breeds
Guard Dogs
Bulldog Breeds
Molosser Breeds
Terriers
Hunting Dogs
Flock Guard Dogs
Water Dogs
Unusual Dog Breeds
Hypoallergenic Dogs
Swiss Mountain Dogs
Laika Breeds
Sled Dogs
Guard Dogs
Hairless Dogs
Ridgeback Dogs
Popular Dog Breeds
New Dog Breeds
The Canine Information Library 2003-2010 © All rights reserved by
CanineInformationLibrary.com and caninebreeds.bulldoginformation.com
.
.
.
.
Related Pages
Recommended Reading
Flock guard dogs and
Protection dogs
Large dog breeds
Giant dog breeds
The Canine Information Library 2003-2010 © All rights reserved by CanineInformationLibrary.com and Caninebreeds.bulldoginformation.com.
Original idea, design and development by C. Marien-de Luca. Photos of upper right corner (from left to right) Husky pup and European wolf cub by Eric Isselée. No part of Bulldoginformation.com and Canininformationlibrary.com may be copied, distributed, printed or reproduced on another website without the owner's written permission.
More Dog Breeds: Dog Breeds of the World | Dog breeds A to Z
About The Canine Information Library: Sitemap | About us | History | Privacy | Copyright | Contact
Most Popular Pages
Guard dogs
American bulldog
Bulldog breeds
Olde English Bulldogge
Tosa inu
Molosser dogs
Dogo argentino
Boerboel
We respect your privacy. We do not send "cookies" to your computer or collect, use, store, and disclose data collected from our visitors, other than the anonymous data about general visitor trends and external referrers we learn from our website statistics.  These statistics reports do not include identifiable information about our site's users. They just tell things such as how many visits were made to the individual pages of this web site, what browsers visitors use, how the visitor came to this website (e.g. from which search engine or from what website that had a link to Bulldoginformation.com). We use this information to improve the content and design of the pages. We want to make sure they work well and look good in the various browsers visitors use, and that they are relevant to what our visitors are looking for on our website.
However, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Our website displays Adsense for content ads served by Google. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. When you visit our website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on your browser. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. You may at any time opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
To provide additional product information and further reading sources for our readers, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party products or services may take the form of affiliate links, which helps us to raise funds for the site. When clicking one of these links leading to these companies' websites a cookie may be dropped on your browser. A "cookie" is a bit of text that is sent from a website's servers and stored on a person's web browser. It is used for record-keeping purposes only. With the use of cookies, companies do not know your name, address, phone number or email address. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
See Amazon's privacy policy.
See Linkshare's privacy policy.
If you send me an email message with a comment or question I will use your email address only to respond to you. If you send me a photo of your dog and it is published on our website I will publish your dog's name and your name only if they are included in the signature of your email. If you do not wish your name to appear under the photo, just mention it in the accompanying email. Of course, you may always use a pseudonym or just mention your initials. However, please note that for copyright reasons, photos sent anonymously from a temporary email address may, in case of doubt, be excluded from publication on our website.
Dog Training for Children
(Video)
Hosted by  Dr. Ian Dunbar
Video Release Date: April 15, 1997
Run Time: 84 minutes
More information: