http://cascadia.scouts.ca/ca/privacy-statement
Member Login |
Find a Group
|
Français
Search
Search for:
-Any-BadgeEventNewsPage
AboutAdministration
Council Team
Areas & Groups
Camps
BCY Service Center
Legal Stuff
ResourcesJob & Position Openings
Job & Position Descriptions
Guides & Resources
External Links
ScoutersBecoming A Volunteer Scout Leader
Volunteer Training Courses
Volunteer Support Tools
Volunteer Recognition
YouthYouth Registration
Youth Programs
Youth Awards
Youth Positions
Youth Training
Youth Network
Scouting NewsScouts Canada News
Scouts Canada - What's Happening?
Scouts Canada National Calendar
ScoutScene Archives
Privacy Statement
Home ›
Privacy Statement
Scouts Canada is committed to respecting the privacy of our members, their families and our employees, by adhering to the privacy principles set forth in Schedule 1 of The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA).
The purpose of this online financial privacy policy is to inform you about Scouts Canada’s practices relating to the collection, use and disclosure of personal or financial information which may be collected by us through your filling out Scouts Canada forms or otherwise providing information in order to participate in Scouts Canada events, or through our website. By filling out the forms, either yourself or on behalf of your child or ward, by participating in our events, or by using our website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal or financial information and, if applicable, the personal information of your child or ward in accordance with the following terms and conditions.
NOTE: This online financial privacy policy applies only to www.scouts.ca. This online financial privacy policy does not apply to any unit Web site, as its content is not controlled by Scouts Canada. Please contact the administrator of any unit or other Scouting-oriented website for information about their own online privacy policies and the information they collect about their site visitors.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The most current version of the online financial privacy policy can be found at www.scouts.ca and shall be considered the policy in effect. Scouts Canada reserves the right to modify this online financial privacy policy at anytime and without giving personal notice.  Please monitor this online financial privacy policy to ensure you are familiar with its most updated version.
It may be necessary to deviate from the online financial privacy policy in unique instances and for specific purposes. In such instances, a link will be provided to a description of the deviation. This link will be placed where it can be reasonably expected to be noticed prior to submitting any information for which this privacy policy is modified or exempted in any way.
Personal Information
For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, “personal information” means information about an identifiable individual, but does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization. Personal information does not include information that has been anonymized so that it does not identify a specific user.
Identifying Purposes
Scouts Canada only collects personal and financial information necessary to provide attentive and responsible youth programs, meet the individual development needs of each prospective member, member and employee, provide emergency health care, ensure a safe and secure environment and meet applicable regulations. Name, address, birth date and financial information concerning registration, activities, events and honours and awards received form a permanent record for members and employees. All other information is only kept as long as required to fulfill the purposes identified, unless permission is obtained from the individual providing the information.
Third Party Use
Scouts Canada will use the personal or financial information obtained from prospective members, members and employees only for the purposes for which it was collected and will not disclose the information for other purposes, except as required by applicable law or with the consent of the individual member.
Scouts Canada may share personal or financial information with third parties engaged to assist us in providing services to you or to carry out one or more of the purposes described above. These service providers are prohibited from using such personal or financial information for any purpose other than to provide this assistance and are required to protect personal and financial information disclosed by Scouts Canada and to comply with the general privacy principles described in this Privacy Policy. In certain limited cases personal information may be transferred outside of Canada. In those cases, the information will be subject to the laws and regulations of the jurisdiction where the information is transferred.
Scouts Canada reserves the right to disclose personal and financial information to a third party if a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order legally requires or authorizes us to do so.
Scouts Canada will not sell or rent any of your personal or financial information to third parties for their marketing purposes and only shares your personal information with third parties as described in this policy.
All personal and financial information provided to Scouts Canada will be maintained in a secure manner to ensure that its use is limited to the purposes for which it was collected.
Name, address, birth date and information concerning registration, performance, activities, events and honours and awards received will be retained by Scouts Canada permanently. Other personal information will be retained by Scouts Canada for whatever periods are required by legislation governing our operation and/or the information provided, after which time (unless consent is given to keep information for a longer period) the information will be destroyed in a secure manner.
Safeguards
Scouts Canada makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information collected from you is protected against loss and unauthorized access by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable Canadian and provincial regulations. This protection applies in relation to information stored in both electronic and hard copy form. Access to your personal information is restricted to selected members and employees. In addition, Scouts Canada employs generally accepted information security techniques to protect personal information against loss and unauthorized access.
Challenging Compliance
Individuals may challenge Scouts Canada’s compliance with this policy by contacting the Council Executive Director responsible for their geographic area.
If an individual has a concern regarding Scouts Canada’s compliance with its Personal Information Protection Policy and Guiding Principles, a written account of the non-compliance, including timing, dates and location, is to be forwarded to the Council Executive Director for the area where the alleged non-compliance occurred or to the Scouts Canada National Office. A reply to any challenge will be provided and if Scouts Canada is non-compliant, immediate action will be taken to correct the non-compliance.
Scouts Canada, the country’s leading youth organization, offers challenging programs for boys, girls and youth age 5-26 in thousands of individual groups in most cities and towns across Canada.
Join Scouts Volunteer with the Cascadia Council Donate to the Cascadia Council
Hang On - Refreshing Form Data ...
Scouts Canada 1-888-855-3336 helpcentre@scouts.ca
Footer menu
Shop
Privacy Statement
AODA Customer Service Standard
Scouts Wiki
FacebookTwitterLinkedInYouTube