https://castlebrandsinc.com/terms
Home
Our Organization
Our Story
Portfolio Partners
Distribution
Brands
Clontarf Whiskey
Goslings Rum
Goslings Ginger Beer
Goslings RTD
Knappogue Castle
Press
Brand Fact Sheets
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
HomeTerms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR USE OF THIS WEBSITE
YOU MUST READ THESE WEBSITE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY
THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS  OF USE (“TERMS OF USE”  “TERMS AND CONDITIONS” OR “TERMS”) EXPLAIN THE CONTRACTUAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU, THE PERSON USING THIS WEBSITE (INCLUDING THE SITE WHICH LINKED YOU TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS), (“OUR SITE” “SITE” “THIS SITE” OR “WEBSITE”) AND CASTLE BRANDS INC. (“CASTLE BRANDS ” “CASTLE,” “US” OR “OUR” – WHEN REFERRING TO THE WEBSITE OR OUR RIGHTS) REGARDING YOUR USE OF THIS SITE
CASTLE BRANDS PROVIDES THE CONTENT AND MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THIS WEBSITE TO YOU, AND TO YOU ALONE.  THESE TERMS ARE ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN CASTLE BRANDS AND YOU AND YOU ACCEPT SUCH TERMS BY USING THIS WEBSITE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. YOU ALSO ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT THAT THE PRIVACY STATEMENT SET FORTH BELOW IS PART OF OUR TERMS. YOUR VIEWING AND USE OF THE WEBSITE CONSTITUTES AN  ACKNOWLEDGEMENT BY YOU THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND UNCONDITIONALLY ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS OF USE.
UPDATES OF TERMS OF USE
We reserve the right to amend these Terms from time to time without notice and at our complete discretion
AGE RESTRICTION
This Site is intended for use by you only if you are of legal age to purchase alcohol in your country and local jurisdiction of residence and in the country from which you are accessing the site and the geographical local where you are presently located. If you do not fall within this category, you may be in breach of laws or regulations applicable in your country of residence or in your country of access and you should leave the Site immediately. By continuing to use this Site you represent and warrant that you are of a legal age to purchase alcohol under the criteria set forth in this paragraph.
Parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist parents in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Further information about parental controls can be obtained at www.icra.org.
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS PLEASE LEAVE THE SITE NOW.
This Site is made available by CASTLE BRANDS and its subsidiaries, affiliates, parent companies and any of their related businesses are referred to in these Terms & Conditions as “we”, “us” or “our”.
1. Rights – all rights in all material and content (including, but not limited to, text, images, web pages, sound, software (including, code, interface and website structure) and video, and the look and feel, design and compilation thereof) collectively herein “Intellectual Property,”) at this Site are owned by us or our licensors. You agree that you are permitted to use this material and/or content only as set out in these Terms or as otherwise expressly authorized in writing by us or our licensors, and that you may not otherwise copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly perform, distribute, commercially exploit, adapt, translate, modify, bundle, merge, share or make available to any person, or create derivative works of such material or content. All reproduction of our Intellectual Property is strictly prohibited.
3. Copying – You may view this Site and you are welcome to print hard copies of material on it solely for your lawful, personal, non-commercial use. In this regard, you may only make (a) one machine readable copy, (b) on backup copy and (c) one print copy of the pages in this site. All other copying, whether in electronic, hard copy or other format, is prohibited and may breach intellectual property laws and other laws worldwide. You may not remove any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or proprietary notices or legends contained on this website or its content.
YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY PROHIBITED FROM POSTING ALL OR PART OF ANY OF OUR MATERIAL OR CONTENT  ON ANY WEBSITE WITHOUT OUR PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION WHICH PERMISSION WE MAY WITHHOLD IN OUR COMPLETE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION.
4. Terms of Use and Acceptable Usage Policy Relating To Message Boards
Please be aware that you may be exposed to content on our Message Boards that is inaccurate, fraudulent or deceptive or that you find offensive or objectionable. Your use of Message Boards and Postings, as defined below is at your own risk.
However, we reserve the right, but not the obligation, to monitor our Message Board and to remove or alter any content which, in our sole discretion, constitutes a misuse thereof these and may restrict, suspend or terminate your use of these services or the Site where we believe that there has been such a misuse.
Any content, information or material posted to a Message Board (“Postings”) will be deemed not to be confidential or secret. You understand that personal and other information (e.g. username, email address, phone number) that you post on or through Message Boards is generally accessible to, and may be collected and used by, others and may result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. You should not include any other personally identifiable information about yourself, such as your social security number, driver’s license number or credit card number, or any other person in any posting. We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to remove any postings that contain personally identifiable information. We shall not be liable for the use or misuse of any information or data, including personal information that you post on our Message Boards.
Postings to be in Your Name. Your Postings shall be accompanied by your real name and shall not be posted anonymously. Participants in interactive areas shall not misrepresent their identity or their affiliation with any person or entity.
Non-Commercial Use only of Interactive Areas. Any interactive area of this Website is provided solely for your personal use. As a participant, you shall not include in your Posting(s) or otherwise distribute on or through this Website any content or material containing any advertising, promotion, solicitation for goods, services or funds or solicitation for anyone to become members of any commercial enterprise or organization without  out express written permission of. Any unauthorized use of any interactive area of this website, its content or Postings is expressly prohibited.
You represent and warrant that your that your Postings are original to you, (meaning that you did not reference or copy any other work for your posting and in fact were not inspired in your posting by any other work)  are not obscene, vulgar, offensive, malicious, insulting to any person or group, discriminatory, defamatory or otherwise unlawful, libelous, pornographic, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, inclusive of hate speech, or would constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or give rise to liability or violate any local, state, federal or international law, the laws or regulations of any country  or the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any securities exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, or the NASDAQ, either intentionally or unintentionally.
You represent and warrant that no other party has any rights to the content of your Postings and that any “moral rights” or “droit moral” as those terms are defined under copyright law in your Postings have been waived, and you grant us a royalty-free, unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully transferable, assignable and sublicensable right and license to use, copy, exploit, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such Postings (in whole or part) and / or to incorporate them in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed.
We are not responsible for maintaining your Postings and we may delete or destroy them at any time.
CONTENT, INFORMATION AND MATERIALS POSTED BY USERS TO MESSAGE BOARDS ARE NOT ENDORSED BY US. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO EVALUATE AND CONFIRM THE ACCURACY OF INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OTHER USERS ON OR THROUGH MESSAGE BOARDS. The opinions expressed in Message Boards are not necessarily ours. Any statements, advice and opinions made by participants are those of such participants only. We shall not be held responsible for any statements, advice, opinions or other content or materials on Message Boards.
5. SYSTEM INTEGRITY
You may not act in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any or ours servers, or the network(s) connected to any or our servers, the efficiency and/or effectiveness of our website, or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of our website. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any of our accounts, or computer systems by any means.
In circumstances where you provide us with information relating to any third parties, you warrant that you have received that third party’s consent in relation to such disclosure and that the third party has been informed of, and agree to, our Privacy Statement and the uses, which we may make of such information.
9. NO LIABILITY/ NO WARRANTIES- THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, FACTS AND RECIPES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND YOUR USE THEREOF IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW WE, OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND ASSIGNS, HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY AND YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY CLAIMS AND CAUSES OF ACTION AGAINST US, OUR OFFICES, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND ASSIGNS FOR ANY LOSS, COST OR DAMAGE (DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR OTHERWISE) SUFFERED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR FROM ANY COMPUTER VIRUS TRANSMITTED THROUGH THE SITE, OR OTHER SITES ACCESSED FROM THIS SITE, WHETHER SUCH LOSS, COST OR DAMAGE ARISES FROM OUR NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE AND EVEN IF WE ARE EXPRESSLY INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, COSTS, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION IN THE AGGREGATE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE) ARISING FROM THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING OUR PRIVACY STATEMENT, OR USE OF THE SITE EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE, $100.00 (US).
10.  Materials submitted by you – Unless specifically requested, we do not solicit nor do we wish to receive any confidential, secret or proprietary information or other material from you through the Site, including without limitation ideas, creative concepts or suggestions relating to any facet of our business, products  or potential business or products, by email, or in any other way. Any information or material submitted by you, and which has not been specifically requested by us in writing, will be deemed not to be confidential, secret or proprietary. You agree that any information or materials submitted by you to this Site, including without limitation ideas, creative concepts or suggestions relating to any facet of our business, products  or potential business or products, may be used, reproduced, exploited, and disclosed by us either in its original form or as modified by us without restriction for whatever purpose we deem fit and without payment of any sum, or any other form of consideration or remuneration or acknowledgement of you as their source. You also warrant that any “moral rights” or “droit moral,” as those terms are defined under copyright laws, in posted materials have been irrevocably waived by the appropriate authors. WE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF USE OR DISCLOSURE OF SUCH MATERIALS BY US TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. This paragraph does not affect any rights you may have under data privacy laws that protect your personal information or similar privacy laws, to the extent that such rights cannot be excluded.
11. User Information -You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of the User Information.
12. Links from and to the Site – You acknowledge and agree that we have no responsibility for the information provided by Web sites to which you may link from this Site (“Linked Sites”).. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage, loss or cost caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such Linked Sites.
Unless you have a prior written agreement in effect with us that states otherwise, you may only provide a hypertext link to our website on another website if you comply with all of the following: (a) the link must be a text-only link clearly marked to the Castle Brands site which linked you to these terms and conditions (b) the link must “point” to the front page of such site and not to other pages within the site; (c) the link, when activated by a user, must display our site full-screen and not within a “frame” on the linking website; and (d) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link must not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with our name and trademarks or create the false appearance we are associated with or sponsor the linking website.  We reserve the right to revoke our consent to any link at any time in our sole discretion.
13. Indemnity – We reserve the right to report any wrongdoing, if and when we become aware of it, to any applicable governmental agencies.  You will indemnify us against any loss, damage or cost incurred by us arising out of or relating to your use of this Site, any of its services or any information accessible over or through this Site, including information obtained from linked sites, your submission or transmission of information or material on or through the Site or your violation of these Terms  or any other laws, regulations and rules. You will also indemnify us against any claims that information or material which you have submitted to us is in violation of any law or regulation or in breach of any third party rights (including, but not limited to, claims in respect of defamation, invasion of privacy, violation of rights of publicity, false light, false advertising, violation of trade secrets,  breach of confidence, unfair competition,  infringement of copyright or infringement of any other intellectual property right). We reserve the right to exclusively defend, with counsel of our choice and to control any claims arising from the above and any such indemnification matters and that you will fully cooperate with us in any such defenses.
14. Restriction, Suspension and Termination – We may restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the Site and/or your ability to avail of any of the services on the Site, including interactive services, if we believe that you have breached these Terms at any time. We may also remove the Site as a whole or any sections or features of the Site at any time. Please note that we have the ability to trace your IP address and if necessary contact your ISP in the event of a suspected breach of these Terms.
15. Entire Agreement – These Terms and; Conditions, including our Privacy Statement, constitutes the entire agreement between you and us in relation to its subject matter and supersedes any and all prior promises, representations, agreements, statements and understandings whatsoever between us. You agree to abide to the terms of all third party agreements we may have regarding use of software.. If any provision of the Terms & Conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms & Conditions shall remain in full force and effect.
16. Copyright and IP Agent for the United States
We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and require that the people who use the Site do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please forward the following information to the Copyright Agent named below:
By accessing , you agree that these Terms  and your use of the this Site shall be governed in all respects by the internal substantive laws of the State of New York, United States of America, without regard to conflict of laws provisions.
18. Our Relationship:
No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee between you and us.  These Terms are an agreement between you and us and are not intended to be for the benefit of any third party.
19. Disputes and Jurisdiction
Any controversy or claim brought by you against us arising out of or relating to these terms or this site shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association.  Any such controversy or claim brought by you shall be arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party.  The arbitration shall be conducted in New York City and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered into any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Alternatively, we may in our sole and absolute discretion commence a law suit regarding such controversy or claim in the Federal District Court in for the Eastern District of New York.  You hereby agree to the jurisdiction and venue of such court with respect to such suit and waive any objections to such jurisdiction and/or venue of such court. You further agree that the breach by you of any of we will be entitled to a preliminary injunction or temporary restraining order to prevent the continuance of such injury.
20. Notice
Except as explicitly stated otherwise or required by law, you shall provide any notices relating to these Terms by email to us at the contact information provided in the Contact section of our Site.
Export of Data – To the extent that software is accessible through this site, such software may be subject to export, re-export and/or import controls imposed by the United States or any other jurisdiction. It is your responsibility to familiarize yourself with such provisions and comply with them.
Privacy Policy:
Introduction
All references to ‘our’, ‘us’, ‘we’ or ‘company’ within this policy and within the opt-in notice are deemed to refer to CASTLE BRANDS, its subsidiaries, affiliates, parent companies and any of their related businesses, including but not limited to Castle Brands, Inc.
We endeavor to protect your personal privacy. W. By providing your personal details to us, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this statement, please do not provide your personal details to us. This privacy statement is incorporated into, and part of, the Terms which govern your use of the site in general.
Legal Purchase Age
You must not provide us with your personal information if you are not of legal age to purchase alcohol in the jurisdiction in which you reside and (if different) in the jurisdiction in which you are accessing the site. We do not intend to collect personal information from any individuals under the legal purchase age or market alcoholic beverages to anyone under the legal purchase age. If we receive notice or believe that someone under the legal purchase age has provided us with personal information we will make every reasonable effort to remove such personal information from our files.
Collecting Personal Information
We will only collect personal information that you choose to provide. You may choose to provide us with personal information if, for example, you: contact us with an inquiry; register on the site, fill out a survey or other form with your personal information included; request us to provide you with information; enter a competition; post information to public areas of the site or take advantage of a promotion. You have the opportunity to choose not to opt-in receive communications from us at any point where we request information about you.
By providing any personal information to us, you fully understand and clearly consent to the transfer of such personal information to, and the collection and processing of such information in, other countries or territories. Any such transfer and processing by us will be in accordance with this privacy statement.
Third parties (including but not limited to software providers, advertisers and ad placement agencies) may also use tracking technologies by or through the site. We have no responsibility or liability for any tracking, data collection or other activities of such third parties.
Use of Cookies
We do not connect the information collected through cookies with other information that is personally identifiable, unless required or permitted to do so by law or to enforce the Terms & Conditions.
In common with many websites, we use “cookies” to help us gather the following information from visitors to our site. The web contains a great deal of information relating to Cookies and their use. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with how cookies work.
When a user revisits the site, we may recognize the user by the cookie and customize the user’s experience accordingly. We can use this information to continually improve the content and usability of the site.
We may compile and report to third parties (such as advertisers) aggregate statistics about our users in terms of numbers, traffic patterns and related site information.
Use of Information
We will use information collected from you in  many ways including, without limitation, marketing, traffic measurement and research and development
Disclosure to service providers.  We provide companies that provide services to us with only those elements of your personal information they need to deliver those services. These companies and their employees are prohibited from using that personal information for any other purpose.
Disclosure to distributors. In responding to a request made by you, we may share your personal information with companies that distribute our products. In those cases, we provide these companies with only those elements of your personal information they need to respond to your request, and these companies and their employees are prohibited from using that personal information for any other purpose. In some cases, we may seek your permission to share your information with distributors for marketing purposes other than responding to a request from you. However, we will not share your information for such marketing purposes unless we have obtained your express consent to do so.
Public (or Interactive) Areas of the Site. Information that you post on or through the public areas of the site (e.g., chat rooms, bulletin boards and discussion groups) is generally accessible to, and may be collected and used by, others and may result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. Users of the site are encouraged to exercise caution when providing personal information about themselves in public (or interactive) areas of this site.
Sale and Transfer. In the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation, we may transfer, sell, or assign to third parties information concerning your relationship with us, including without limitation, personally identifiable information that you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us. We may transfer your personal information to third parties under confidentiality obligations when the performance of any service in relation to the activities above is sub-contracted (e.g. the administration of a marketing campaign).
Access to your Information
You can check what information we hold about you, update your information or ask us to remove your information or correct any inaccuracies in such personal data. We will use reasonable efforts to deal with your request within a reasonable time. Please send an e-mail to info@castlebrandsinc.com requesting such access or change.
Security
We take security seriously and we take precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. However, due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us, or information stored on our servers, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.
Children’s information
We do not knowingly collect information from children and does not target its websites that collect information to children.
Links
This site may contain links or references to other Web sites outside of our control. Please be aware that we have no control over these sites and our privacy statement does not apply to these sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements and terms and conditions of linked or referenced sites you enter.
You must be 21 years old to visit this site.
Please verify your age
I am at least 21 years old Remember me