http://cavaliersofpugetsound.com/privacy.aspx
Login
Search
Home
Sales
About Cavaliers
Health
Calendar
Club Info
Breed Booth
Photo Galleries
Cavalier Puppies!
Cavliers in Agility!
Cavaliers in Rally!
Cavaliers at the Show!
Cavaliers in Obedience!
Cavaliers in Everyday Life!
Breeders Listing
Specialty
2019 Specialty
2018 Specialty
2017 Specialty
2016 Specialty
2015 Specialty
2014 Specialty
2013 Specialty
2012 Specialty
2011 Specialty
2010 Specialty
2009 Specialty
Home
Privacy Statement
Cavaliers of Puget Sound is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Cavaliers of Puget Sound Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Cavaliers of Puget Sound website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Cavaliers of Puget Sound collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Cavaliers of Puget Sound also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Cavaliers of Puget Sound. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by Cavaliers of Puget Sound for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Cavaliers of Puget Sound Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Cavaliers of Puget Sound public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Cavaliers of Puget Sound
does not read any of your private online communications.
Cavaliers of Puget Sound encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Cavaliers of Puget Sound so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Cavaliers of Puget Sound is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Cavaliers of Puget Sound
and Cavaliers of Puget Sound family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Cavaliers of Puget Sound collects and uses your personal information to operate the Cavaliers of Puget Sound
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Cavaliers of Puget Sound also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Cavaliers of Puget Sound and its affiliates. Cavaliers of Puget Sound may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Cavaliers of Puget Sound does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Cavaliers of Puget Sound may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Cavaliers of Puget Sound
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Cavaliers of Puget Sound, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Cavaliers of Puget Sound does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Cavaliers of Puget Sound keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Cavaliers of Puget Sound, in order to determine what Cavaliers of Puget Sound services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Cavaliers of Puget Sound to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Cavaliers of Puget Sound Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Cavaliers of Puget Sound or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Cavaliers of Puget Sound; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Cavaliers of Puget Sound, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Cavaliers of Puget Sound Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Cavaliers of Puget Sound pages, or
register with Cavaliers of Puget Sound site or services, a cookie helps Cavaliers of Puget Sound
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Cavaliers of Puget Sound Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Cavaliers of Puget Sound
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Cavaliers of Puget Sound services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Cavaliers of Puget Sound secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Cavaliers of Puget Sound secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Cavaliers of Puget Sound will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Cavaliers of Puget Sound encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Cavaliers of Puget Sound is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Cavaliers of Puget Sound welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Cavaliers of Puget Sound has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Cavaliers of Puget Sound at smithsr@whidbey.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Copyright 2020 by Cavaliers of Puget Sound
Home
About
Contact
Terms Of Use
Privacy Statement
Login