https://caves.org/survey/ics/privacy
Menu
Indiana Cave Survey
Established 1986
Mailing Address
PO Box 2401, Indianapolis, IN 46206
Home
Home
About
About
History
Constitution
By-Laws
Meetings
Meeting Dates
Meeting Minutes
Officers
County Directors
Media
CaveForm
Report a Cave
Online Cave Form
Manual Form Download (PDF)
Electronic Fill-In Form (PDF)
Symposium
Symposium
Past Symposiums
Membership
Join the ICS
Renew Membership
Donate to the ICS
[Website Login]
[Database Login]
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Indiana Cave Survey, Inc ("Indiana Cave Survey")
operates caves.org/survey/ics and may operate other websites. It
is Indiana Cave Survey's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Indiana Cave Survey collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Indiana Cave Survey's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Indiana Cave Survey's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Indiana Cave Survey may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Indiana Cave Survey also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on caves.org/survey/ics
blogs/sites. Indiana Cave Survey only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Indiana Cave Survey's websites choose to interact
with Indiana Cave Survey in ways that require Indiana Cave Survey to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Indiana Cave Survey gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at caves.org/survey/ics to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Indiana Cave Survey are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Indiana Cave Survey collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Indiana Cave Survey. Indiana Cave Survey does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Indiana Cave Survey may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Indiana Cave Survey may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Indiana Cave Survey does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Indiana Cave Survey discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Indiana Cave Survey's behalf or to provide services available
at Indiana Cave Survey's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Indiana Cave Survey's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Indiana Cave Survey will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Indiana Cave Survey discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Indiana Cave Survey believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Indiana Cave Survey, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Indiana Cave Survey website and have supplied your email address, Indiana Cave Survey
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Indiana Cave Survey and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Indiana Cave Survey takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Indiana Cave Survey uses cookies to
help Indiana Cave Survey identify and track visitors, their usage of Indiana Cave Survey
website, and their website access preferences. Indiana Cave Survey visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Indiana Cave Survey's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Indiana Cave Survey's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Indiana Cave Survey, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Indiana Cave Survey goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Indiana Cave Survey may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Indiana Cave Survey and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Indiana Cave Survey may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Indiana Cave Survey's sole
discretion. Indiana Cave Survey encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a caves.org/survey/ics account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
ResourcesAndroid Software Resources
Windows Software Resources
Web Resources
LinksFacebook - Indiana Cave Survey
Facebook Group - Indiana Cave Survey
Central Indiana Grotto
Indiana Karst Conservancy
Facebook - Indiana Karst Conservancy
ICS Notebook
The Indiana Cave Survey, Inc is a not-for-profit corporation registered in the state of Indiana.
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
©2020 Indiana Cave Survey
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more