http://chablisienne-com.blogspirit.com/archive/2009/08/06/legal-notice.html
OkBy continuing your visit to this site, you accept the use of cookies. These ensure the smooth running of our services. Learn more.
La Chablisienne, Chablis, Burgundy wines
Since 1923 at Chablis in Burgundy, the meticulous care of the vine-growers working together under the banner of La Chablisienne has given birth to wines…
"Wine Growers of La Chablisienne" :
a documentary of 33 mins…
Minerality of wine
according to La Chablisienne…
Discover our vineyard in 3D
From the terroir to wines...
All our wines at a glance!
Château Grenouilles, The Legendary…
Videos
Our tasting notes…
Download sales and consumer editions
Download cartography
Chablis, the Midsummer Night's Dream When I think of Chablis, it makes me thirsty
Pictures gallery
To achieve our Gallery of pictures free from rights (photographs, illustrations, videos, commercial material), click mentioned below …
> Access to the pictures gallery
Photo GalleryOther productsVineyardPortraitOur wine harvestThe Photo Library
current eventfirst impressions of the 2011 vintage
The eventA new identity for La Chablisienne
VintagesOur vintages
AwardsOur prize list
Alphabet PrimerAlphabet Primer
LinksChablis's tourist office The union of Chablis's Grands Crus
LegalsEssential information
Legal notice
1) General Information - Website Publisher Identification
You are currently connected to the website of LA CHABLISIENNE (U.R.L.s : http://www.chablisienne.com, http://www.chablisienne.fr, http://www.lachablisienne.com, http://www.lachablisienne.fr ) property of La Chablisienne, a public limited company with a registered capital of €1 918 200.00 having its registered office at 8, Boulevard Pasteur B.P. 14 - 89800 Chablis, (Telephone +33 386 428 989) and registered on the Trade and Companies Register of Auxerre under number 778655803.
This site is designed and produced under the supervision of the public limited company La Chablisienne. The legal representative is Mr. Damien Leclerc (CEO). This site is registered with the French Data Protection Authority (CNIL). Please review the terms and conditions, below, for the use of this website. By using or visiting this website you agree to the terms and conditions and acknowledge having read, understood and accepted all of the terms and conditions. If you do not accept these terms and conditions you are not authorized to download any information from this Website and you are requested to exit this Website immediately. Use or reproduction of the content or materials from this Website for any purpose not expressly permitted is prohibited. 2) Conditions for the use of this website
Use of site content
La Chablisienne makes every possible effort to ensure that the content of the site is accurate and up to date. However the user of this website accepts that data and information transmission on Internet have only limited technical reliability, as such transmission relies on networks of a very heterogeneous nature. Thus we cannot guarantee the exactitude of the data or information found on the website. Please inform us of any error or omission at the following e-mail address: chab@chablisienne.com . Any use of this website that does not conform with the original purpose of the website, and any violation of the present terms and conditions may result in legal action.
Access to the website
La Chablisienne strives to maintain accessibility of the website, without being bound by an obligation to succeed. It is specified that for maintenance, updates and other purposes, namely for technical reasons, access to the website may be interrupted. La Chablisienne shall, under no circumstances, be held liable for these interruptions and any consequences resulting from them for the user.
Hypertext links on this website
The hypertext links found on this website may lead the user to different Internet sites operated by third parties. These sites have not been reviewed by La Chablisienne and therefore La Chablisienne declines all responsibility for the content of such websites or pages linked or linking to this website. The user accepts sole responsibility for visiting linked websites and we encourage the user to consult the legal notice or terms and conditions of such websites. We would also like to indicate that the user can, at any time, return to La Chablisienne website by clicking on the "return" button of the browser or by re-entering the URL address of La Chablisienne. 3) Intellectual and Industrial Property Rights 1/ Registered trademarks
All of the brand names, registered products, trademarks (and logos) appearing on this website are protected by copyrights, trademarks and/or other proprietary rights (registered by La Chablisienne and other companies of the group). We specifically draw the user's attention to the fact that products, services and trademarks that are the property of La Chablisienne are protected by copyright and that references to our services, registered products and trademarks in no way affects our rights. Access to this website does not confer any rights or licences in or to the website whatsoever other than the right to view the content. Nor does the availability of this website 'on line' confer the right to use any of La Chablisienne's trademarks or trade names without prior, express, written consent by the owner.
2/ Royalties / Copyright / Designs and Registered models / Patents
All the Content of this website (text, photographs, illustrations, logos, icons, downloadable files, video clips or sound files, etc.) is the exclusive property of La Chablisienne and is protected by copyrights, trademarks and/or other proprietary rights. The Content is protected by French and international law relating to royalties, copyright, designs and registered models and patents. Reproduction and/or re-use of the content is not authorised except for information purposes as a strictly personal and private utilisation. It is specifically prohibited to reproduce or re-use any part of this website on another website not belonging to La Chablisienne. It is also prohibited to create hypertext links to any page other than the homepage of this website without prior, express, written consent from La Chablisienne. The use of any part of this website for other purposes, namely public, commercial or humoristic, will result in legal action in France or in the country where the act is committed.
Forgery Any reproduction or representation in whole or part, in any way, carried out without prior, express, written consent from LA CHABLISIENNE is prohibited and unlawful. Non respect of this ban will be deemed to be forgery and the forger will be liable to civil and criminal action. Copyright All rights reserved © Copyright La Chablisienne 2009. All pages of this website are the property of La Chablisienne and are protected by copyright ©, this includes the reproduction, representation, adaptation, retransmission, publication or use in any other way. 4) Privacy policy We are pleased that you have visited our website and we value your interest in our company and its products. We are committed to safeguarding your privacy online and wish you to feel fully secure while visiting this website. We take the protection of your privacy seriously and the collection of your personal data is an important concern in our business protocol. The personal information collected while you visit this website is done so in accordance with the law relative to data protection in the country in which such information is treated. The websites of our group may contain links to other Internet providers. Please be aware that La Chablisienne declines any liability for the privacy policy and content of other websites. We respect your privacy and your personal information. Collection and use of personal data When you visit the Website of La Chablisienne, our servers automatically log the name of your Internet Service Provider, the web page from which you access our site, the different pages that you visit on our site and the time you spend on the site. Furthermore, personal data is not registered unless you willingly communicate this information to us. This may happen when you register information on the Website, take part in an opinion poll, for example, or a game in which prizes are offered, make an application, take part in a competition or carry out a contract. Use and transmission of personal data, functional link We use your personal data for the technical administration of the pages on this Website, for our client database, for possible opinion polls relating to products and for marketing. We do this only when such data is a necessary part of the procedure. The collection and disclosure of personal data in response to requests from legal or State administrative bodies is done uniquely within the prescription of obligatory, national law. Our affiliates, agents and concessionaires are bound by professional secrecy and are obliged to respect our code of ethics. Your choice We wish to use your personal data in order to inform you about our products and services, and, when necessary, to ask your opinion on our products and services. Your participation in such actions is, of course, voluntary. Should you not agree with this, please inform us in writing (at the address in paragraph 1) and we will stop the use of your personal data for such purposes. Right to data access On request, and in accordance with the law in force, we will inform you whether personal information about you is registered on our servers. If you wish to obtain this information, we ask that you make this request in writing - immediately if possible. If, despite our best efforts to ensure the accuracy of such information, there is erroneous data, we will update or correct that information upon your request. You can find more, detailed information on this subject on the corresponding local website.
Security La Chablisienne uses technical and organisational security measures to ensure the protection of our databanks against deliberate or fortuitous manipulation. We also protect the data against loss or destruction and against unauthorised access. Our security measures are constantly improved as newer technology becomes available. If you have any questions about the use or storage of your personal data, please contact our Privacy Protection Manager who will reply to any information request, suggestion or claim (chab@chablisienne.com). 5) Product availability The presentation of products on this Website does not constitute a sales offer and does not guarantee that the products presented here are available in every country. 6) User responsibility It is prohibited to use this Website or the Communication Services to send chain letters, "junk mail", "spam" or any other message involving mass distribution, repetition or unsolicited messages (whether commercial or other). It is also prohibited to collect, in any form whatsoever, information concerning third parties, notably their e-mail addresses, without the consent of those third parties. The following acts are also prohibited:
The creation and use of false identities, The falsification of an e-mail address or headed letter, To attempt to mislead a third party, in any way whatsoever, regarding the identity of the sender of a message or to its origin, The transmission of any element containing viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other similar elements that may damage or interfere with the operation of the Website or that may be damaging to third parties or any element that is unlawful, To attempt to access unauthorised services or materials, To attempt to access unauthorised accounts, IT systems or networks connected to or concerning this Website by the use of passwords or any other means, To attempt to interfere with a third party's use and enjoyment of this Website and its different services by means of another identity, The infringement of the rights of third parties, restricting or preventing the access and use of other users to the forums and chat rooms accessible via this Website, The transmission of any unsuitable materials as defined hereafter; inappropriate language, comments or images considered as obscene, misleading, illicit, racist, defamatory or constitutive to harassment.
Site disclaimer and user liability Use of this site, its services and all material obtained through it are your sole responsibility as user. We disclaim all warranties, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In no event shall La Chablisienne be liable for any cost or direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with material not created by La Chablisienne. Furthermore La Chablisienne may not be held liable in any way, directly or indirectly, for whatever reason, with respect to the following: - inadequate performance of the Website and/or of any software used or downloaded from it - any loss of data or services due to untimely modification, suspension or interruption of the site services - the accuracy, quality or nature of any information obtained from the Website - any direct or indirect consequences of a virus or other harmful element transmitted by the site servers. Nor can La Chablisienne be held liable, in any way, for any direct or indirect damage, including loss of profit, customers, data, any loss of intangible assets, loss of earnings or any other loss or damage which may arise from the use of this Website or to the non accessibility of the Website as a result of inappropriate use by the User. The User may also be held liable in the case of death or injury resulting from inappropriate use. Personal information We decline any liability regarding the personal contribution made by the Users, whether in a "chat room" forum or any other discussion platform. Such information, whether opinions, comments, statements, recommendations or points of view express uniquely the User's opinions, comments, statements, recommendations or points of view and in no way those of  La Chablisienne. This Website may contain links to other websites that are not managed or developed by La Chablisienne. We have no control whatsoever over the information, products or services offered on other sites and we decline any liability for the content of those sites. Thus it is possible for Users to buy goods and services through this Website, some of those goods and services being offered by third party retailers having a hypertext link on this Website. Users may also correspond with each other or take part in promotions run by third parties advertising on this Website. In no way does La Chablisienne vouch for these third parties and cannot guarantee any transactions, operations, correspondence or participation in promotions offered by other parties. In particular we decline any liability for payment or delivery of goods and services offered by other parties, and any conditions, provisions, arrangements, guaranties or responsibility connected with such transactions concern the User and the advertising party exclusively. You, the User, undertake to compensate La Chablisienne and to guarantee the company against any action or claim for liability, costs, loss of profit, loss of earnings, loss of data or any other loss or damage, direct or indirect, resulting from your infringement of any of the present Terms and Conditions. 7) Governing law These Terms and Conditions shall be subject to and construed according to French law. Any dispute that is not settled by mutual agreement will be brought before a court of competent jurisdiction. To the extent that any part of these Terms and Conditions may be found to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, such part shall be construed to reflect the best intentions of the parties, and severed from the remaining terms all of which shall remain in full force and effect as permitted by law. Should La Chablisienne fail to apply, or not be required to apply, any part of these Terms and Conditions or any other right, this shall in no case be construed as an abandonment by La Chablisienne of such part or right. Overindulgence in alcohol is dangerous for your health. Please drink responsibly.
-->
Reporting an illicit content |
Legal notice about this blog