https://checkmate-boats.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement
Checkmate-Boats.com Privacy Statement
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This privacy policy
applies to your information that WE collect and receive; it does not apply to the
practices of businesses that we do not own or control, or people who we do not
employ. By using this site, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy.
Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information
will be treated as you use our services. The following discloses our information
gathering and dissemination practices.
Use of our site
Checkmate-Boats.com is committed to protecting user privacy online. We pledge to
give you as much control as possible over your personal information. Access to
our databases is limited to individuals engaged in the administration of our
website, as well as authorized third parties engaged in the maintenance and
updating of our servers and website software. Checkmate-Boats.com utilizes
professional hosting and software companies, who in our opinion use commercially
reasonable computer security safeguards to protect our databases and servers
against risks. These risks, however, cannot be completely eliminated, therefore
and Checkmate-Boats.com cannot guarantee complete security. Also,
Checkmate-Boats.com reserves the right to disclose your personal information, if
required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is
reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or to
protect the rights, property or safety of our administrators, other members, or
the public. We also reserve the right to reveal and transfer personal
information, in the case of a sale or transfer of ownership of our site.
Cookies
Checkmate-Boats.com uses browser cookies to facilitate your experience on our website. These "Cookies" are small indentifiers that our server sends to your browser which it can then store on your hard drive. You can reject these "Cookies" by changing your browser settings. Please note, however, that if you choose to browse our site while rejecting these "Cookies" that it is possible some pages may not display properly.
If you choose to accept these "Cookies", they enable us to recognize that your browser has previously visited and used our site, and, based on your browser's previous visits, assist us with tailoring the information and content, banners and promotions you view. These cookies also enable us to recognize you and to retain your username and password so you don't have to re-enter them each time you visit. These "Cookies" do not collect, store or maintain your private, personally identifiable information. You do not have to accept these cookies to visit or use our site. You can choose to refuse our "Cookie", delete our "Cookie" from your hard drive or turn off the "Cookie" at any time by updating your user profile preferences.
Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website and forums.
These companies use non-personally identifiable information regarding your visit to this website and other sites, such as IP address, pages viewed, date and time of your visit, and number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address or other personal information) to serve ads to you on this site and other sites that may be of interest to you.
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browswer.
Specifically, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this website.
Google's use of the DART cookies enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit to this website and other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Third Party Links
Our site may contain links to other third party websites. These include links to resources in related topics and third-party sites that offer other related topics and/or products. If you choose to visit another third-party website through a link on our site or forums, placed by us or a visiting member, please note we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these third-party websites. We would therefore encourage you to consult the privacy policies of these websites should you choose to visit them. We would also encourage you to review the policies of any third-party in advance of revealing any personally identifiable information to others.
Our site also utilizes the services of VigLink to automatically affiliate commercial links posted on our site. Viglink's privacy policy can be reviewed at the following page.
Types of Information We Collect
Generally, you are free to browse most areas of the Checkmate-Boats.com web site without submitting any personal information. We do not collect any of your personal information (such as a name, address or e-mail address) when you visit our web site, unless you register as a user on our forums. However,
Checkmate-Boats.com does collect some types of non identifiable types of information, such as your I.P address, the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the internet, your browser type, your type of computer operating system (Macintosh or Microsoft Windows for example) etc. Some of this non identifiable information may be used for the purposes of targeting ads and or measuring ad effectiveness on behalf of our advertisers. Types of information collected on specific services on the
Checkmate-Boats.com web site are described in more detail below.
Registration on Our Site
Checkmate-Boats.com requires users who want to participate in our message board and access certain areas of our web site to register. In order to register, you must provide us with a username (which does not have to be your real name), your password and a valid e-mail address and your birthdate. This allows us to protect our community from abusive postings and provides a verifiable point of contact should legal questions arise. At any time, you have the ability to keep your e-mail address hidden from other users by selecting that option within your user profile. When you register, you have the option of providing some additional information such as occupation, interests, and homepage URL. This optional information is made available to other bulletin or message board users to foster a sense of community. If you have any concerns about providing this information, simply leave the fields blank and your registration will still be processed. Please note that we don't delete registered accounts once they have been used to make postings on our forums. For security purposes, any requests for account changes must be processed through our forum private messaging system.
Postings on Message Boards
It is important for you to remain aware that when you provide personal information (e.g., last name, address, phone number) in a posting on our, or any message board, that information is available to any other person or user having access and use of that message board, and may be used by someone in a manner unintended by you. For that reason, we discourage you from offering any personally identifying information within a posting to any message board.
IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE you are not allowed to participate in the Checkmate-Boats.com forums, or to provide any personal information on our site.
Donating or Purchasing Subscriptions and/or Merchandise
If you donate, purchase a subscription or item from us, as part of the transaction, we will collect payment information from you. This might include your name, address and postal information, as well as some financial information such as your PayPal or banking information, as part of the financial transaction process.
Changing or Updating Personal Information
If you would like to update or change your user profile on our message boards, you may do so in your control panel at any time.
If you have questions regarding your information, you can contact our Privacy Administrator at the email address Webmaster@Checkmate-Boats.com, you can also use the email link located on our forums.
Right to Change Policy
As Checkmate-Boats.com is constantly innovating and enhancing our website and forums it provides to its users, this Privacy Statement will also continue to change to match the products and services we make available. As such, we reserve the right to change this statement to match the products and services we provide.
Policy last updated March 31, 2013
Copyright © 2002-2020 Checkmate-Boats.com & Whitecap Enterprises
Corp. All Rights Reserved.
Images & Content are © Copyright material and may not used without prior written
permission.
This website is not affiliated with Checkmate Boats Inc.
or its management.
Privacy Statement