https://chinookrafting.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Chinook Rafting Software Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 24, 2018
Purpose of the Privacy Policy
Chinook River Sports Ltd o/a Chinook Rafting is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We created this policy (the “Privacy Policy”) to give you notice of how your personal information will be collected, used and shared as you use our websites, applications and services, (collectively, the “Services”). This Policy applies to all users of the Services. Please read this Policy carefully, as it describes how we collect, use and share your information. By accessing and interacting with the Services, you consent to this Policy and our Polices & Terms which sets out the terms governing the Services.
Our Privacy Policy can be summarized as follows:
We may collect some information about you, as described in this Policy, but will request explicit consent before any data collection takes place.
We will not sell your personal data but may share information with third parties in connection with providing the Services.
We may collect, use and share aggregate, anonymous information about our users.
Upon request, we will delete all personal data associated with your account.
How information is collected
Personal Information is collected directly from you when you complete online reservations, sign up for newsletters, complete surveys or input information into our site in any way. It is also collected through our call centre or sometimes through third party partners who have made the reservation for you. Personal data may also be collected through an employment application.
The types of information we collect may includes:
Information such as your IP address, physical address, phone number and company name.
Information relating to your reservation or booking with us. For example name, address, contact information, travel insurance requirements, travel needs (medical/dietary or physical restrictions), preferences, identity validation on services such as traveller’s cheques, credit information for payment purposes, and publicly available information.
How we may use information we gather about you
Information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:
To improve our products and services
Occasionally we may send you email communications that we think you will find useful. For example, we might provide you with information about new features, updates, new products or special offers from time to time.
You can choose not to receive emails from Chinook Rafting, by clicking the unsubscribe link found in these communications, or by contacting our customer support team.
To personalize your experience
To respond to your requests or questions
To communicate with the companies who use our services
To process travel reservations
Companies who use our services use the email address you provide at the time of booking to send you confirmation of your booking. They may also send occasional news and updates.
To measure statistics regarding the use of our site, such as the number of visitors, average time spent on the site, pages viewed and similar information.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files that are stored by your Web browser to help a particular system recognize you and the pages you visited on a Web site. We use cookies to understand how our clients use the Services, to better improve our system, and better understand where to devote our resources in development, driven by our clients’ use of our system. We do not use cookies for any third party systems, for advertising purposes, nor for any other affiliates.
How we store your information
Chinook Rafting protects your personal information by security safeguards, which are appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. We have implemented technical, physical and administrative safeguards to protect personal information. For example, restricted access to specific programs, firewalls and software security, locked filing cabinets and restricting access to personal data only to those employees and partners to which it is necessary. We keep our employees up-to-date on policies and procedures regarding protecting personal data.
Chinook Rafting does not disclose your personal data for any purposes other than, for which it was originally collected, unless we have first obtained consent from you. We will retain your information for no longer than is necessary to provide the services. We do not sell or rent your personal data.
If you would like to access your information or would like us to delete or modify your information you may request this from our Privacy Officer. Chinook Rafting reserves the right to confirm your identity before providing this personal information. Chinook Rafting can refuse access in certain circumstances including when granting access would have an unreasonable impact on the personal privacy of others, when the request is frivolous or when it may impact Chinook Rafting rights and property.
Requests may be made by email to info@chinookrafting.com or by mail:
Chinook Rafting
Box 308, Banff, Alberta, T1L 1G3
We will request your consent before sharing your information
Your consent will be obtained either in person, through writing, email, telephone, or the Internet. Sometimes consent may be implied (eg. when transferring relevant information to a third party supplier or hotel partner). Also, Chinook Rafting may occasionally ask for written or verbal confirmation that the information collected and maintained is accurate and that your consent is still provided to maintain this information.
Under certain circumstances Chinook Rafting will need to disclose your personal data without your consent. This may include:
A life threatening or emergency situation;
Where required by law; or
Where required by law enforcement, legal investigation or a regulatory body.
We may share your information with third parties
We may use the services of a third party to process personal data. However, we ensure there are confidentiality agreements in place so that your information is protected while in their possession.
Chinook Rafting web sites include links to third party sites that are not governed by our privacy policy. Once you leave a Chinook Rafting site we will not be responsible for other companies’ privacy practices. We suggest you review their privacy policy before providing personal information on these sites.
We may update this Policy
Chinook Rafting reserves the right to change this policy at any time.
Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.
If you have any questions about this Policy or want to correct or update your information, please email, phone or write to us at:
Chinook Rafting
Box 308, Banff, Alberta, T1L 1G3
info@chinookrafting.com
1-866-330-7238