https://chipperparrots.com.au/pages/privacy-policy
Your Cart
Subtotal $0.00
Clear Cart
Add Note
Save Note
Continue to Checkout
Continue Shopping
Safe and Easy Payment
Swinging into Christmas SALE! Checkout our Sale category below. ---- ZIP payments are now available!----$11.95 FLAT RATE SHIPPING. EXTRA Shipping charges may apply, please click here for more info.
0
Cart
Login
Home
Shop
About Us
Contact
News
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Through our payment process you will be asked to give information about yourself. This information is only collected for the accurate delivery of orders and to enable you an easy shopping experience in the future. All of this information is not given, loaned or sold to any other party. All personal details are kept strictly confidential. Any questions regarding your privacy please contact us.
Payment Options:
Credit Card: You will be given the option to enter your credit card details on our checkout page, please see payment security below.
PayPal: You will be redirected to the PayPal website, where you can either pay via credit card (You do NOT require an account with PayPal) or login to your account and pay.
Afterpay: You can pay for your order in fortnightly payment instalments through your Afterpay account.
Bank Deposit: We provide our bank details at checkout and also in the order confirmation email you will receive once you have submitted your order.
Payment Security
Credit Card:
The Chipper Parrots Website including Shopping cart and Checkout is protected by a SSL Certificate, this protects your transactions and information.
What is SSL Certificate?  SSL stands for Secure Socket Layer. It might sound complex, but it's really not. SSL Certificates authenticate our website's identity, and encrypt the information visitors enter on our site. This keeps thieves from "overhearing" any exchange between that Web page and another computer. When you have an SSL Certificate protecting your website, your customers can rest assured that the information they send is secured and can't be viewed by cyber crooks.
PayPal:
PayPal automatically encrypts your confidential information in transit from your computer to theirs using the Secure Sockets Layer protocol (SSL) with an encryption key length of 168-bits (the highest level commercially available). Your credit card details are kept encrypted and highly secure and are not transmitted via email. Pay Pal is an industry leader in fraud prevention and risk management. Pay Pal has one of the lowest loss rates in the online retail industry. For more information on Paypal Security Click here.
Website Troubleshooting & Shop Login: If you experience any website issues please click here to find out what to do.