http://churchills-port.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Responsability
Who is responsible for the processing of your personal data?
Identity: Churchill Graham LDA (hereinafter “Churchill’s”)
Postal address: Rua da Fonte Nova, 5 4400-156 V. N. Gaia – Portugal
Telephone: +351 223 744 193
email: office@churchills-port.com
Purposes
In compliance with the provisions of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2016/679, as well as any applicable national legislation, we inform you that at Churchill’s we process the personal data you provide us with for the following purposes:
(1) To process your registration as a customer and manage the buying process.
(2) To send commercial communications about Churchill’s products in form of newsletters and social media posts.
(3) The preparation of commercial profiles based on information from internal and external sources, with the aim of sending you personalised advertising and analysing your purchasing behaviour.
Personal Data Retention Period
Your data will be kept as long as we have a contractual relationship, or until you request its cancellation, as well as for the time necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Legitimation
The legal bases for the processing of your personal data corresponding to each of the purposes (1) to (5) included in Section 2 above (“Purposes”) are as follows:
– Purpose (1): The execution of a contract with Churchill’s in relation to the purchase of products.
– Purpose (2): Consent expressly given to Churchill’s at the time your personal data are collected.
– Purpose (3): Consent expressly given to Churchill’s at the time your personal data are collected in relation to the preparation of profiles based on external sources and the satisfaction of a legitimate interest pursued by Churchill’s in relation to the preparation of profiles based on internal sources.
Recipients
Your personal data will not be disclosed to any third party, except to those third parties whose intervention is necessary for the correct management of the service provided (transport companies, financial institutions, etc.)
In addition, your data may also be disclosed to public bodies and authorities (administrative or judicial) in those cases in which a legal regulation thus establishes it.
Rights
You have the right to access your personal data, as well as to request the rectification of inaccurate data or, where applicable, to request their suppression when, among other reasons, the data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected.
In certain circumstances, you will be able to request the limitation of the processing of your data, in which case we only will keep them for the exercise or defence of claims.
In certain circumstances and for reasons related to your particular situation, you will be able to oppose the processing of your data. Churchill’s will cease to process your data, except for imperative legal reasons, or for the exercise or defence of possible claims.
In the same way, you can exercise your right to data portability, as well as to withdraw the consents given at any time, without this affecting the legality of the processing based on the consent given prior to its withdrawal.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights, you can contact us in writing at our email address office@churchills-port.com or our postal address Rua da Fonte Nova, n.º 5 4400-156 Vila Nova de Gaia. The request to exercise any of your rights must be accompanied by a copy of an official document that identifies you (National Identification Document, driving licence or passport).
Security and Data Protection
We want you to know that we have taken security measures to protect your personal data with internal reviews of our collection, storage and processing practices, as well as physical security measures to protect against unauthorized access to the systems where we store personal data. However, no Internet transmission or e-mail is ever completely secure or error-free.
Personal Data of Children
No personal data will be processed for children under 16 years of age, nor will any order placed online by them be recognized. If we detect that we collect personal data from a child under the age of 16, we will take the steps necessary to eliminate the information as soon as possible.
Other Information
As a holder of personal data and in the case of its violation, you have the right to submit a complaint to the supervisory authority (National Commission for Data Protection, Rua de São Bento, no. 148, 3º, 1200-821 Lisbon, Portugal – Tel: +351 213928400 – Fax: +351 213976832 – e-mail: geral@cnpd.pt), as well as appeal to the courts.
This policy can be changed without prior notice. For this reason, we recommend that you check this Policy whenever you visit our website or our mobile applications
Social Media
stay in touch with us
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Youtube
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe
By clicking 'Subscribe', you agree to Churchill’s Privacy Policy.
Co-financed by
0
Your Cart