https://cias.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home  >  Privacy Policy
COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
Your privacy on the Internet is importance to us. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
DISCLAIMER:
All information on this site is presented ‘as is’ and subject to change without notice. All reasonable attempts have been made to ensure the accuracy of information. CIAS.org, and all related Canadian International Air Show / CIAS domain names, are solely owned and operated by the Canadian International Air Show, unless otherwise specified.
1. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about this information or would like to contact us to exercise your rights, please contact us via email: privacy@CIAS.org.
This site is owned and maintained by the Canadian International Air Show.
Certain content (not including third party logos, coding, or photography, unless otherwise specified) is PROVIDED UNDER LICENSE by EVENT PROMOTION SYSTEMS, LLC to the Canadian International Air Show and subject to U.S. Trademark and Copyright law.
2. General Information On The Processing Of Personal Data
The use of the products and services we offer may result in the processing of PII (Personally Identifiable Information) Data subject to the terms of this privacy policy. The term “PII data” under data protection law refers to all information relating to a specific or identifiable person. An IP address can also be considered PII data. An IP address is assigned to each device connected to the internet by the internet service provider, so that it can send and receive data. When you use the website, we collect data that you provide yourself. In addition, when you use the website, we automatically collect certain information about your use of it.
3. Data collection, storage and cookie information
We have put together a general map that illustrates what information we collect, how we store it and how we use it. Please email: privacy@CIAS.org for a copy of Data Map.
4. How we gather information from users
How we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate, and the services provided. For example, you may be asked to provide information when you register for access to certain portions of our site or request certain features, such as newsletters (Air Show Insider TM) or when you make a purchase. You may provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests, message boards and chat rooms, and other interactive areas of our site.
Like most Web sites, CIAS.org also collects information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider or use cookie technology to recognize you and hold information from your visit. Among other things, the cookie may store your user name and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit, or may control the number of times you encounter a particular advertisement while visiting our site.
As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but if you do you may be unable to access certain portions of the site or may be asked to re-enter your user name and password, and we may not be able to customize the site’s features according to your preferences.
5. What we do with the information we collect
Like other web publishers, we collect information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising.
Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. For example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to help enhance our site and services (e.g., to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive). Aggregated Information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners. Again, this information does not include any Personally Identifiable Information about you or allow anyone to identify you individually.
We may use Personally Identifiable Information collected on CIAS.org to communicate with you about your Air Show Insider sign up or ticket purchase and customization preferences; our Terms of Service and privacy policy; services and products offered by CIAS.org and other topics we think you might find of interest.
Personally Identifiable Information collected by CIAS.org may also be used for other purposes, including but not limited to site administration, troubleshooting, processing of e-commerce transactions, administration of sweepstakes and contests, and other communications with you. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service for example) may access such information. We will use your information only as permitted by law. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order, at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us, and/or to law enforcement authorities whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases.
6. Cookies
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser when you visit a website. This identifies the browser used and can be recognized by our web server. Insofar as this use of cookies results in the processing of personal data, the legal basis for this is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. This manner of processing serves our legitimate interest in making our website more user-friendly, effective, and secure.
Most of the cookies we use are known as “session cookies”. They are deleted after the end of you visit. Other cookies (“persistent cookies”) are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie.
7. Facebook (VISITOR ACTION PIXEL)
We use the “visitor action pixels” from Facebook Inc. (1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, or, if you are based in the EU, Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook”)) on our website.
This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook ad or by directly going to CIAS.org. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Usage Policy https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes.
The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. You can object to the collection of your data by Facebook pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads by contacting the following address: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.
Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active).
8. Google Analytics
We use the Google Analytics service from Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”) to analyze our website visitors. Google uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about the use of the online product or service by users is generally transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our online products and services by users, to compile reports on the activities within these online products and services and to provide us with further services associated with the use of these online products and services and the use of the internet. Pseudonymous user profiles can be created from the processed data.
Users can prevent cookies from being stored by adjusting the settings to their browser software accordingly.
The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. Users can prevent the collection of data generated by cookies by downloading and installing the browser plug-in that is available at the following link:  http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
9. Google Marketing Services
On our website we use the marketing and remarketing services of Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”). These services allow us to display advertisements in a more targeted manner in order to present advertisements of interest to users. Through remarketing ads and products are displayed to users relating to an interest established by activity on other websites within the Google Network. For these purposes, a code is used by Google when our website is accessed and what are referred to as (re)marketing tags are incorporated into the website. With their help, an individual cookie, i.e. a small file, is stored on the user’s device (comparable technologies may also be used instead of cookies). Cookies can be set by various domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, invitemedia.com, admeld.com, googlesyndication.com or googleadservices.com. This file records which apps users have visited, which content they are interested in and which offers have been used. In addition, technical information about the browser and operating system, referring websites, the length of the visit as well as any additional data about the use of the online products and services are stored. The IP address of users is also recorded, although we would like inform you that within the framework of Google Analytics, IP addresses within Member States of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area are truncated.
All displayed ads are not displayed specifically for a person, but for the owner of the cookie. This information is collected by Google and transmitted to and stored by servers in the USA.
One of the Google marketing services we use is the online advertising program Google AdWords. In the case of Google AdWords, each AdWords customer receives a different conversion cookie. Cookies can therefore not be tracked through the websites of AdWords customers. The information collected by the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. AdWords customers see the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, they will not receive any information that personally identifies users.
We may include third-party advertisements based on the Google Marketing Service called DoubleClick. DoubleClick uses cookies to enable Google and its partner websites to place ads based on users’ visits to this website or other websites on the Internet.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to this site.
You may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using ad settings found here: https://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google services make use of Google’s Tag Manager. For more information about Google’s use of data for marketing purposes, please see the summary page:  https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads, Google’s privacy policy is available at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy.
The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you wish to object to interest-based advertising by Google marketing services, you can do so using the settings and opt-out options provided by Google:  http://www.google.com/ads/preferences.
Google is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees its compliance with European data protection legislation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active).
10. Constant Contact (Email Marketing)
Canadian International Air Show sends email information updates (Air Show Insider TM) and commercial emails using the email service provider ConstantContact. Information including user first name, last name, and email address is stored on a secure server provided by ConstantContact. Email open rates are tracked by ConstantContact.
11. KissMetrics
The Canadian International Air Show Web Site uses KissMetrics to track marketing effectiveness using a combination of the service providers listed in Section 7. through section 10 of this privacy policy. PII data is collected by KissMetrics and stored on a secure server.
12. Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements
CIAS.org expects its partners, advertisers, and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. Be aware, however, that third parties, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates, and other content providers accessible through our site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to our site you may link to, or view as part of a frame on a CIAS.org page, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through CIAS.org you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, Web sites, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. CIAS.org is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party.
While on our site, our advertisers, promotional partners or other third parties may use cookies or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you. For example, some of our advertising is served by third parties and may include cookies that enable the advertiser to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before. Other features available on our site may offer services operated by third parties and may use cookies or other technology to gather information. CIAS.org does not control the use of this technology by third parties or the resulting information, and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information on message boards or in chat areas, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of CIAS.org and this policy.
13. Changes to this Policy
CIAS.org reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.
14. CIAS.ORG NO-SPAM Policy
CIAS.org has set forth a zero tolerance, No-SPAM Policy Notice on this website as well as its associated products, services, web pages, domains, sub-domains and add-on domains. The “SPAM” in email and marketing techniques referred to are those in relation to Internet and Information Marketing.
We have a strict policy against using the SPAMMING of unsolicited emails in mass or individually of any kind as a way to market our programs, products and/or services. Should complaints be received in relation to SPAMMING activity that connects back to you, we reserve the right to suspend your account while we investigate all evidence submitted to us. Should you be deemed in violation of such policies, we reserve the right to immediately terminate any active accounts to your name, and all rights in association to these accounts shall be revoked.
Our definition of SPAMMING include, but not limited to direct or indirect email transmissions to any email address that did not provide consent to receive information from you, advertisements in newsgroups, message boards, and forums that are unrelated in subject matter and/or have specific policies that disallow advertisements, as well as unsolicited messages on instant messenger programs and chat rooms.
Organizations, groups or individuals, including but not limited to affiliates, promoters, or joint venture partners, are not exempt from this policy, even if it is to promote CIAS.org. Those found in violation of this No-SPAM policy will be held liable for damages, lost money and wages. Moreover, we will take any legal action necessary to protect our name and entity, including but not limited to notifying the appropriate authorities.
If you feel that you have received an unsolicited transmission in the form of SPAM by anyone regarding our domains, web sites, programs, products, services, or anything related to our entity, please report all such activity to the Canadian International Air Show, the owner of this website, by emailing: privacy@CIAS.org.
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
1. TermsBy accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use LicensePermission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on CIAS.org and related domains web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on CIAS.org and related domains web site;remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; ortransfer the materials to another person or (mirror) the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by CIAS.org and related domains at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. DisclaimerThe materials on CIAS.org and related domains are provided “as is”. and CIAS.org related domains make no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, CIAS.org and related domains does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. LimitationsIn no event shall CIAS.org and related domains or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on CIAS.org and related domains, even if CIAS.org and related domains or a CIAS.org and related domains authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and ErrataThe materials appearing on CIAS.org and related domains could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
CIAS.org and related domains do not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current.CIAS.org and related domains may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice.CIAS.org and related domains do not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. LinksCIAS.org and related domains has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by CIAS.org and related domains of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use ModificationsCIAS.org and related domains may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing LawAny claim relating to CIAS.org and related domains shall be governed by Canadian law and the Province of Ontario. General terms and conditions applicable to use of a website. Should you need to contact us, CLICK HERE
Pin It on Pinterest
HomeBlog