http://cigarsecrets.com/privacy-policy
Home
Out on the Town
How to
Off the Grid
Cigar Glossary
Cigar Secrets | Smoking Cigars | Ratings Deals Shops CuttersTips on smoking cigars and finding the best cigars, cutters, lighters, shops, Cubans, flavored cigars, and more!You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, Cigar Secrets has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Collection of Personal Information
When visiting Cigar Secrets, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party Websites
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of Cigar Secrets then you may contact us at info@cigarsecrets.com
This privacy policy was generated by the Easy Privacy Policy plugin for WordPress.
Last updated Fri, 29 Jan 2010 18:17
Recent Posts
How NOT To Cut a Cigar
Can I Store Cigars In My Refrigerator?
How to Save Your Cigars From Tobacco Beetles
How To Make A Coolidor Cigar Humidor
Xikar 3D Mayan Cigar Cutter
Recent Comments
keith on Create Your Own Flavored CigarGodfadr on Create Your Own Flavored Cigarmike on Create Your Own Flavored CigarFinding the Best Cigar Cutters | Cigar Secrets on How to Cut a CigarBe a Cigar Smoking Professional | Cigar Secrets on How to Cut a Cigar
Categories
Cigar Glossary
Cigar Talk
Cuban Corner
How to
Off the Grid
Out on the Town
Cigar Secrets 2012 . . .Privacy Policy . . . Contact Us . . .Site Map