http://circlerranch.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Please read the following terms and conditions of use carefully before using the Circle R Ranch web site. By using this web site you signify your consent to these terms and conditions including the rules of conduct for communications set forth below and other applicable law.
If you do not agree to the terms of use, please do not use this web site.
COPYRIGHTS:
Copyright © 2014 Circle R Ranch, All Rights Reserved.
This copyright notice applies to all proprietary pages, images, text, programs, and other material available throughout this Internet web site (collectively “Content”), All content on this web site is the exclusive property of Circle R Ranch and / or it contributors and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. Any use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content on this web site is strictly prohibited, unless permission has been obtained from Circle R Ranch representatives.
DISCLAIMERS:
Unless otherwise specified, the materials in the web site are presented solely for the purpose of promoting an exchange of information. In no event shall Circle R Ranch or other affiliates to this web site, be liable for any claim for incidental, consequential damages, or any injuries sustained due to the use of or improper use of information, ideas and concepts from this web site.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:
Under no circumstances, shall Circle R Ranch or affiliates of the Circle R Ranch web site be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this web site, nor any other third party affiliates, or agents of each of them involved in creating, producing or delivering the web site be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the web site.
Circle R Ranch and affiliates of this web site also assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the web site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the web site.
Circle R Ranch and affiliates of this web site uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the web site. However Circle R Ranch or affiliates of this web site makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the information, and assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the contents of this web site. Furthermore, your use of, and browsing in this web site is at your own risk.
APPLICABLE LAW:
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed removable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. As such, the laws of the State of Minnesota will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions.
ON-LINE PRIVACY POLICY
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:
By accessing or using this web site, you agree to the terms of On-line Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this web site.
When you engage in certain activities on this web site, such as downloading information, or are active in open discussions, such as asking for help, or sharing information you choose to share, you may be asked to fill out and submit on-line forms which provide certain information about yourself. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, at some time you will be asked to provide information about yourself.
When you submit personal information to this site, you understand and agree to the transfer, store, and processing of your information for assisting with data and information exchanges.
Any of your personal information collected from this web site will not be sold and will in a reasonable and safe manner be maintain in a secure and confidential method in protecting your personal information.
YOUR CONSENT:
By using the Circle R Ranch web site, you consent to our privacy policy.
PRIVACY PRACTICES, BY OTHERS LINK TO THIS WEB SITES:
Circle R Ranch and affiliates of the Circle R Ranch web site will not be responsible for the content or privacy practices of other web sites which may link, or has have been linked to this site. Due to the fact that web site contents can change, Circle R Ranch and affiliates are not responsible for the contents of any off-web site pages or any other web sites linked to this web site. Your linking and interaction within any other off-web site pages or other web sites is at your own risk. Since we do not control those web sites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these third-party web sites always.
OTHER:
Circle R Ranch or affiliates may at any time revise these terms and conditions of the Circle R Ranch web site by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current terms and conditions to which you are bound. Circle R Ranch and affiliates reserves the right to make changes to this web site and these disclaimers, terms and conditions at any time, without notification to you.
If you have any questions, please contact,
Circle R Ranch , call or write us at:
Circle R Ranch
32549 State 27
Long Prairie, Minnesota 56347
( 320 ) 547-2176.
CREDITS:
The Circle R Ranch is an active and accredited member of CHA, (Certified Horsemanship Association) and the HSA (Horsemanship Safety Association). We want to thanks these associations for the authorized use of educational Information found in our web site.
The Equine Skeletal Anatomy information is use with permission from the “Anatomical Chart Company”
A special thank you, to those who helped us with unique information for our educational section.
Our limited enrollment, caring counselors & close family atmosphere makes campers feel safe, secure and reassured.
CONTACT DETAILSLocated in beautiful central Minnesota, the Circle R Ranch is a unique Summer Horse Camp that offers a rich experience for youngsters ages 7 through 17.
Contact Information:
Circle R Ranch32549 State 27Long Prairie, Minnesota 56347Office / Records Line: Phone (320) 533-0322
Recent Posts
Plan now for summer camp vacations
Mar March 26th, 2017
Surprise updates of summer camp vacations
Mar March 26th, 2017
QUICK LINKS
CRR Trail Mix
Request More Information
CRR Camp Friend
Ranch Store
What’s new
Contact Us
Camp Schedule
Registration for camp
Contact Us[contact-form-7 id="92" title="Contact form 1"]