https://citroencarclub.org.uk/privacy-notice/
Help
Contact
Search for:
Search
Privacy Notice
The Citroën Car Club Ltd respects your privacy and we will only use your information in the way we describe in this notice. When using your information we aim to be fair and transparent, and to follow our obligations under UK data protection laws. Your information is used for administering club membership, activities and competitions.
The Citroën Car Club Ltd is the data controller for the purpose of GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018. Our address is PO Box 348, Steyning, West Sussex, BN44 3XN. Our club contact for privacy and data is our membership service and the contact details are as above.
Collecting your information
We collect your information when you fill in membership application or renewal forms, and competition event entry forms. You can give us your information using paper forms or online forms. The information you give us may include your contact details (name, address, telephone number, email address), personal information and identifiers (date of birth, membership number, competition licence number) and other information (vehicle details). When you give us information about another person such as a child, parent, guardian or emergency contact you should let that person know that you have given us the information.
If you are under 18 years old we will also ask for information from your parent or guardian.
Using your information
We use your information when you first apply to become a member of the Citroën Car Club Ltd and then to administer and renew your club membership and provide you with member benefits. We also use your information when you enter club events. For competitions we will publish some of your information in the programme and the results which will be in the public domain. Your information is used in these ways to fulfil our contract with you.
Sharing your information
We may share your information with the Motor Sports Association as required by its General Regulations for governing motor sport, with other MSA Registered Clubs, with medical personnel or any other person if we have to comply with a legal obligation. We may also share your information with service providers, for example to print and deliver the Club magazine.
Our website
When you use our club website we may collect information about you, in particular your IP (Internet Protocol) address.
The club website might contain links to other websites such as online entry and payment sites, partners, and advertisers. If you follow links to other websites please review the privacy policy for each site because we are not responsible for information you share on those sites.
Security for your information
Your information is held securely by us. We have taken all reasonable steps and have in place appropriate security measures to protect your information. Your information is not transferred outside the European Economic Area.
Your rights
You may ask us not to process your information for marketing purposes.
You are entitled to a copy of the information we hold about you, and to ask us to correct any inaccuracies.
You may ask us to stop using your information and to delete it, although we maintain a skeleton set of your information. If you ask us to do this we will not be able to continue our contract with you.
You may make a complaint to the Information Commissioner (www.ico.org.uk).
Comments are closed.
2021 calendarCalendar
<<
Dec 2020
>>
MTWTFSS
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
2
3
Events17th ICCCR (International Citroën Car Club Rally) 202203/08/2022 - 07/08/2022TorunAll events