http://clubpeugeotuk.org/policies/privacy
November & December - Special 18 month CPUK Membership Offer!
Log In
Club Peugeot UK (hereinafter referred to as “the Club") treats the privacy of its members and website users seriously and we take appropriate security measures to safeguard your privacy.
This Policy explains how we protect and manage any personal data* you share with us and that we hold about you, including how we collect, process, protect and share that data.
*Personal data means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address, an email address or other contact information (whether at work or at home). Once you have joined the Club you will be allocated a membership number, this will be linked to other personal data as indicated above. We will also record any owned vehicle information which includes its registration number (as appropriate) and the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) or chassis number and engine number.
How we obtain your personal data
Information provided by you
You provide us with personal data either on your application form, renewal form, via an online application or renewal form, by email communication or over the telephone (we do not record telephone conversations). We may also keep information contained in any correspondence you may have with us by post.
This includes:
Name,
Address,
Email address,
Mobile and/or landline telephone number,
Vehicle details including registration number and VIN or chassis number and engine mumber.
We record this information in an on-line computer database and use this information in order to manage and administer your membership whilst you remain a member of the Club. Please also see the ‘How long do we keep this information about you?’ section below.
How we use your personal data
We use your personal data to manage and administer your membership. This includes the collection of payments and verifying your identity when you contact us to discuss your membership. We undertake at all times to protect your personal data, including any financial interactions, in a manner which is consistent with the requirements of Data Protection and all associated legislation. We will also take all reasonable security measures to protect your personal data in storage.
A key component of your membership and the services we offer is the delivery, by post, of your club magazine.
Holding your name and address is therefore essential. Your personal details will be used to communicate with you
for the purposes of managing your membership (e.g. renewal notification).
All members of the Club, whether FULL or HONORARY and whether resident in the United Kingdom, European Economic Area or the Rest of the World will have their personal data managed and administered in the same way in accordance with this policy and in line with UK data protection legislation.
Do we use your personal data for marketing purposes?
Any information that you choose to give us will NOT be used for marketing purposes by us. We will hold your personal data only for the purposes of administering and managing your membership.
Information about cookies
A cookie is a small text file stored alongside your internet browser on your computer or smartphone. Details about website cookies and the website Privacy Policy can be found via a link on the website home page. More details about Cookies can be found here: www.aboutcookies.org
Sharing information
We will keep information about you confidential and sharing of your personal information will only be those detailed below.
Sharing of personal data internally:
From time to time we will share your personal information within the Club, but only with those office holders detailed below:
- Chairman – for the purposes of general Club communications
- Secretary – for the purposes of notifications of general meetings
- Treasurer - for the purposes of accounting and financial regulation.
- Membership Secretary – for the purposes of managing your membership
- Regalia Secretary - for the purposes of verifying membership and delivery of ordered regalia items.
- Classified Ads Manager - for the purposes of verifying membership and publication of items for sale or wanted..
- Events Secretary - for the purposes of managing participation in Club events.
- Model Registrars – for the purpose of managing the Register(s) to which your Peugeot vehicle(s) is(are) allocated..
- Website Manager - for the purposes of administering the website and verifying membership for member specific access and   ensuring accuracy of records.
.Sharing of personal data externally:
The Club website has a gallery of images of member’s vehicles which in some cases are linked to member’s names and which in some cases show the registration number of the vehicle. Images in this gallery can be viewed by the general public if the member has selected this option when loading images to the gallery.  This option can be deselected by the member at any time by logging in to the Club website and accessing the ‘My Vehicles’ area.
Apart from this, we will only share your personal details outside the Club in order for you to be able to receive the benefits of Club membership. These are detailed below:
- Mailing and printing agents who provide a service to us in order to deliver Club benefits (e.g. The Peugeotist magazine, membership cards) making use of their secure data portal and on the understanding that they keep the information in line with their own Privacy Policy.
Transfer of your personal data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
We will not knowingly share your data with anyone outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).
How long do we keep this information about you?
We keep your information for a maximum of 5 years from the time of your membership expires. This is retained to enable verification of yourself as a previous member should you wish to re-join the Club after a period of your membership being lapsed. Some of the information you have provided will need to be retained for longer to meet legal, statutory and regulatory obligations. A continuous review of the personal information held will be undertaken and information which is no longer required for the above reasons will be disposed of securely.
Data subject rights
Subject access requests
You have the right to ask for all the information we have about you and the services you receive from us. When we receive a request from you we must give you access to everything we’ve recorded about you. Our formal response shall include the following:
- details of the personal data we hold about you;
- sources from which we acquired the information;
- the purposes for processing the information; and
- persons or entities with whom we are sharing the information.
Ask for inaccurate information to be corrected
You have the right to obtain from us, without undue delay, the rectification of inaccurate personal data we hold about you.
You can ask us to delete information
In some circumstances you can ask for your personal information to be deleted, for example:
- Where your personal information is no longer needed for the reason why it was collected in the first place.
- Where you have removed your consent for us to use your information.
- Where there is no legal reason for the use of your information.
- Where deleting the information is a legal requirement.
Please note that we can’t delete your information where:
- We’re required to have it by law.
- It is for, scientific or historical research, or statistical purposes where it would make information unusable.
- It is necessary for legal claims.
Where data has been shared
We shall communicate any rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing as described above
to each recipient to whom the personal data has been disclosed.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive your personal data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit this data to another controller without hindrance from us.
Right to object
You shall have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you, including any personal profiling; unless this relates to processing that is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or an exercise of official authority vested in us. We shall no longer process the personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override the interests, rights and freedoms of you, the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Right to not be subject to decisions based solely on automated processing
We do not carry out any automated processing, which may lead to an automated decision based on your personal data.
Who to contact
If you would like to contact the club about any of the above please write to the Membership Secretary, Rose Cottage, Eathorpe, Leamington Spa, CV33 9DE or email to dataprotection@clubpeugeotuk.org
Accuracy of information
ln order to provide the highest level of membership support, we need to keep accurate personal data about you, please help us with this by keeping us informed of any changes when they occur.
Important information
Questions and queries
If you have any questions or queries which are not answered by this Privacy Policy, or have any potential concerns
about how we may use the personal data we hold, please write to: Membership Secretary, Rose Cottage, Eathorpe, Leamington Spa, CV33 9DE or email to: dataprotection@clubpeugeotuk.org
Policy changes
This Privacy Policy is regularly reviewed. This is to ensure that we continue to meet the highest standards and to protect your privacy. We reserve the right, at all times, to update, modify or amend this Policy. We suggest that you review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes we may have made, however, we will not significantly change how we use information you have already given to us without your prior agreement.
If you have a complaint
If you have a complaint regarding the use of your personal data then please contact us by writing to: Membership Secretary, Rose Cottage, Eathorpe, Leamington Spa, CV33 9DE or by email to: dataprotection@tclubpeugeotuk.org and we will do our best to help you.
If your complaint is not resolved to your satisfaction and you wish to make a formal complaint to the Information Commissioners Office (lCO), you can contact them on 01625 545745 or 0303 123 1113. You also have the right to judicial remedy against a legally binding decision of the ICO where you consider that your rights under this regulation have been infringed as a result of the processing of your personal data. You have the right to appoint a third party to lodge the complaint on your behalf and exercise your right to seek compensation.
(Version date: May 2018)
Policies
Terms
Privacy
Cookies
Advertising