http://compassboxwhisky.com/privacy/
Privacy & Cookies
Contact Details
Compass Box Whisky Company
9 Power Road
London
W4 5PY UK
Tel: +44 (0)20 8995 0899
Fax: +44 (0)20 8742 1948
hello@compassboxwhisky.com
Privacy Policy
We at Compass Box Delicious Whisky Ltd (company number SC205193) take your privacy very seriously and are committed to protecting your personal data.
If you wish to contact us regarding this privacy policy, please see the contact details above. Compass Box is the data controller and our registered address is 4th Floor 115 George Street, Edinburgh, EH2 4JN.
This privacy policy (together with the cookie policy) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us through your use of our website (http://www.compassboxwhisky.com) (the “Website”), will be processed by us.
This privacy policy does not apply to websites that you may be able to access via links on the Website and/or activities offered by third parties. We are not responsible for the collection or use of your personal data from these third-party websites.
Please ensure you review any relevant policies.
Topics covered:
Data we collect from you or about you and our sources of that data
Purpose and legal basis for processing your personal data
Marketing
Disclosure of your personal data
Where we store your personal data
Security
Retaining personal data
Your legal rights
Changes to this privacy policy
How to contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Data We Collect From You Or About You And Our
Sources Of That Data
We will collect, use, store and transfer the following data about you:
Data you give us.
You may give us data about you:
by filling in a form on the Website;
when you register your details to subscribe to our newsletter;
if you ask us to provide you with other marketing communications such as information about special events or promotions we have;
when entering a competition or prize draw;
if you ask us to keep in touch with you;
if you contact us or correspond with us (for example, by phone, email or otherwise) for any other reason, for example, to find out more about Compass Box or our products; or
when you provide us with comments, opinions and/or feedback or when you complete a survey, for example, about the Website, Compass Box or any of our products.
Data we collect about you. We will collect the following personal data about you:
technical information, including the type of device (and its unique device identifier) you use to access the Website, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug in types and versions, operating systems, mobile network information and platform; and
information about your visit to the Website including full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from the Website (including date and time), pages you viewed, page response time, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Data we collect from or are provided by third parties. We may be given or collect personal data about you by / from third parties such as:
the operator of the online shop we partner with, which allows you to place an order for our products either by adding them to your basket on the Website, which will re-direct you to such third party online shop as part of the check-out process, or when you purchase our products directly from them without first visiting the Website; and
social media platforms.
Purpose And Legal Basis For Processing Your Personal Data
We will use the personal data held about you for the purposes stated below:
Purpose of Processing
Type of personal data
Legal basis for processing
To manage our relationship with you, including:
dealing with any enquiries, correspondence, concerns or complaints you have raised with us; or
notifying you about changes to our terms and conditions and privacy policy.
Your name, email address and country of residence (and if you are based in the US also the state of residence) opinion and information about any concerns or issues you have raised
Legitimate interest – to enable us to keep our records updated and to better understand our customers.
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey.
Your name, email address and address details.
Performance of a contract.
To enable you to register your support to our statement of beliefs.
Your name and, if you would like to share them with us, your postcode and email address.
Legitimate interest – to allow us to lobby EU and UK regulators to change applicable law.
Performance of a contract – to allow us to keep you updated on the progress we make if you have asked us to.
As part of our efforts to keep the Website safe and secure.
The technical information mentioned above.
Legitimate interest – to improve and ensure the safety of the Website.
To compile reports (which do not personally identify you) about the use of the Website.
The technical information mentioned above.
Legitimate interest – to improve the Website.
To ensure that content on the Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
The technical information mentioned above.
Legitimate interest – to improve the Website.
To use data analytics to improve the Website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences.
The technical information mentioned above.
Legitimate interest – to understand our customers better, keep the Website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy.
To provide you with marketing communications, for example, newsletters, updates and notifications and to make suggestions and recommendations to you about products, services or local events that may be of interest to you.
Your name, email address and country of residence (and if you are based in the US also the state of residence).
Consent.
To prevent, detect and investigate any violations of law and other misuse of the Website.
The technical information mentioned above, date of birth and country of residence.
Compliance with a legal obligation.
Where we need to collect personal data by law or as part of a contract we have with you (for example, when you enter into a prize competition) and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to provide you with the services requested (for example, enabling you to access the Website) or perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to pick you as a winner of the prize competition).
Where we have a legal basis to use your personal data without consent (as we have described above), this policy fulfils our duty to process personal data fairly and lawfully and in a manner that you would expect given the nature of our relationship with you, by giving you appropriate notice and explanation of the way in which your personal data will be used.
Where consent is required for our use of your personal data, by ticking the appropriate consent box or otherwise communicating your consent, you consent to our use of that personal data for the purposes covered by the specific consent that you have given. For example, we will only process your personal data for marketing purposes if we have your consent to do so.
Marketing
As mentioned above, we would like to, if you have consented to this, send and present you with marketing information about us such as news, events and products which we think may be of interest to you.
We will not provide your personal data to other businesses so they can use your personal data for marketing purposes.
We will only send and present you with marketing communications if you would like us to. You will have the opportunity to clearly set out whether you wish to receive marketing communications from us by ticking the relevant boxes.
Disclosure Of Personal Data
We may share your personal data with selected third parties in accordance with this policy, including:
the operator of the online shop we partner with;
service providers (for example, IT services or CRM services), business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with you, but also when sending out marketing communications;
professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Website; or
government or other law enforcement agencies if so requested.
We will consider these requests on a case-by-case basis.
Where We Store Your Personal Data
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, processed and stored at, destinations outside the European Economic Area (EEA) such as the US.
Where we transfer, process or store your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure that a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring that one of the following safeguards is implemented unless the data is transferred to a country that has been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data (to find out which countries are covered by this, please see here):
EU-US Privacy Shield; and
EU standard contractual clauses.
If you would like to find out more about this or obtain a copy of the relevant standard contractual clauses, please contact us at using the details at the top of this page.
Security
All the information you provide us with is stored on secure servers.
We will use appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data.
We maintain (and ensure that anyone we share your personal data with maintains) appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure that an appropriate level of security in respect of all personal data we process. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website and you acknowledge that any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features which are appropriate to the type of personal data you have provided to try to prevent unauthorised access or inadvertent disclosure.
Retaining Personal Data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
If you would like to find out more about the applicable retention periods, please contact us using the contact details at the top of this page.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you.
Your Legal Rights
You have the following rights with regard to your personal data:
Access.
You have the right to access data we hold about you.
This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Rectification or erasure. You have the right to request that we rectify or delete any personal data that we hold about you (unless we have the legal right to retain it). This right does not extend to non-personal data. Please note that your rights to request erasure may be limited by applicable law.
Restriction.
You also have the right to restrict us from processing your personal data if the data is inaccurate, the processing is unlawful or we no longer need your personal data for the purposes for which we hold it.
Data portability. You have the right to obtain personal data we hold about you, in a structured, electronic format, and to transmit such data to another data controller if the legal basis for processing such personal data is consent.
Object /change of preferences. You have a right to request that we stop processing your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party). You have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
For example, if you have given your consent to receive updates or other marketing communications, but have changed your mind, you have the ability to opt out from receiving such communications going forward by contacting us using the details provided below or by clicking the relevant link in any communications you receive.
Complaints. If for any reason you are not happy with the way that we have handled your personal data, please contact us. If you are still not happy, you have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Please note that if you ask us to stop processing your personal data in certain ways or erase your personal data, and this type of processing of data is needed to facilitate your use of the Website or the provision of products or services to you, you may not be able to use the Website or receive products or services from us as you did before.
This does not include your right to object to direct marketing, which can be exercised at any time without restrictions. Please allow at least 3 working days for your request to be actioned.
Please note that the rights mentioned above do not extend to non-personal data.
If you would like to exercise any of the rights mentioned above, please contact us using the details at the top of this page.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page, where appropriate, or notified to you by e-mail.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Continued use of the Website will signify that you agree to such changes.
How To Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding our privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Compass Box using the contact details at the top of this page.
Please also contact us if you would like to know more about our data processing activities, to update or amend any of your personal data which you have provided to us or if you believe our records relating to your personal data are incorrect.
Our privacy policy was last updated on 23 May 2018.
Cookie Declaration