https://conserveturtles.org/about-stc-privacy-policy-security-copyright-statement/
Menu Close
Shop
Renew
Partners
Contact STC
DONATE ADOPT
Search
DONATE
ADOPT
Sea Turtles
General Information
Why Care About Sea Turtles?
General Behavior
Nesting & Hatching
Migration
Conservation
Found A Sea Turtle?
Frequently Asked Questions
Species
Species Identification Key
Green
Loggerhead
Hawksbill
Leatherback
Kemp’s Ridley
Olive Ridley
Flatback
Worldwide Nesting Sites
Habitats
Beaches
Brackish
Coral Reefs
Nearshore
Pelagic (Open Ocean)
Threats
Harvest for Consumption
Illegal Shell Trade
Longline Fisheries
Trawl Fisheries
Marine Debris
Artificial Lighting
Coastal Armoring
Beach Erosion
Beach Activities
Invasive Species Predation
Marine Pollution
Oil Spills
Climate Change
Programs
Research
Tortuguero, Costa Rica
Bocas del Toro Province, Panama
Chiriquí Beach
Soropta Beach
Bluff Beach
Bastimentos Island NMP
Florida In-Water
Bermuda Turtle Project
Sea Turtle Tracking
St Kitts & Nevis
Florida, United States
Other Locations
Education
Tour de Turtles
Turtle Walks
Barrier Island Center, Florida
Tortuguero, Costa Rica
Visitor Center
Bocas del Toro, Panama
STC Bocas del Toro Office
Distance Learning
Teacher Resources
Starting a Local Program
Kids Corner
Outreach Materials
Policy
Florida Coastal Policy
Commercial Fisheries
International Issues
Central American Issues
Beachfront Lighting
Program Overview
Lighting & Dune Projects
Turtle Friendly Lighting Examples
Before and After Retrofit Pictures
Education & Outreach
How You Can Help
Carr Wildlife Refuge
Partnerships & Sponsors
Sea Turtle Grants Program
Turtle Tracker
Active Turtles
List of Tracked Turtles
Tracking Projects
How It Works
Get Involved
Turtle Experiences
Leatherback Turtles, Panama
Green Turtles, Costa Rica
Jaguars & Turtles, Costa Rica
Loggerhead Turtles, Florida USA
Tour de Turtles
Seasonal Field Assistantships
Support STC
Actions You Can Take
Reducing Plastic Waste
News & Updates
Member Spotlight Form
Sea Turtle Links
About STC
History
Dr. Archie Carr
Contact Staff
Board of Directors
Newsletter
Financials, Policies & Reports
Support STC
Monthly Giving
Make a Donation to STC
Become a Member
Adopt A Turtle
Renew Membership
Tribute / Memorial
Legacy Giving
STC Online Gift Shop
Partners & Sponsors
Wish List
About STC: Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Sea Turtle Conservancy (STC) located at: 4581 NW 6th St, Suite A, Gainesville, FL 32609. We can be reached via e-mail at stc@conserveturtles.org, or you can reach us by telephone at 352-373-6441. We may change this privacy policy from time to time by updating this posting. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes. Donor and Website Visitor privacy and security are important to us. As you browse our website, shop at our online store, or make a donation, you can be sure that your transactions are secure, your e-mail and mailing addresses are confidential, and that we will not sell or provide any data supplied by you to any third-party.
Sea Turtle Conservancy (“STC”) respects privacy, and we know that many care about how information is used and shared. The Privacy Policy applies to the STC website www.conserveturtles.org, to all associated subdomains, online services, and mobile applications, and to those sites listed in the paragraph below labeled “Additional Websites Subject to the Privacy Policy” (collectively, the “Sites”). By visiting any of the Sites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any of the terms herein, please immediately discontinue use of the Sites.
Additional Websites Subject to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy shall apply to the following websites and all associated subdomains:
www.tourdeturtles.org
www.helpingseaturtles.org
www.fmtphm.org
Privacy Policy & Security
What Information We Collect
When you visit the Sites, STC may collect personal information that you provide, such as your name, address, email address, and the last 4 digits of any donation or payment information. STC does not store full credit cards or security code numbers. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person.
In addition, STC use a variety of techniques to gather other information about your use of the Sites, including, among other things, your IP address, browser type, mobile device type, content visited while on the Sites, and the duration of your visit to the Sites. “Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual.
How We Collect Information
STC collects Personal Information that you provide while using the Sites. For instance, STC gathers information when you fill out forms on the Sites, including, for example, e-newsletter sign-up forms and donation forms.
STC does not partner or use any 3rd party ad services or content delivering services.
STC may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
“Cookies” to help us monitor traffic and collect information about use of the Sites. Cookies are pieces of data placed on your device when you visit the Sites that help us recognize you when you come back to the Sites. STC uses the aggregated information collected from cookies to measure the number of visits to the Sites, the average time spent on the Sites, the identity and number of pages viewed, and to gather other traffic data and information that allows us to improve the Sites.
STC uses Google Analytics, which uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect information about Site use anonymously and reports website trends, without identifying individual visitors. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), operating system name and version, device, language, and Internet browser type and version.
We may collect your IP address, which is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Sites, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is a common practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Sites.
Information that you provide, such as your preferred means of communication, does not personally identify you unless it is combined with your Personal Information.
We may aggregate Personal Information. Aggregated information does not personally identify you or any other user of the Sites (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who use iPhones to access the Sites).
How We Use Collected Information
The Personal Information that we collect may be used:
To send you information about STC or STC partners.
To personalize your interactions with STC, such as to customize emails, send requests to participate events in your area, and otherwise target content and communications to you.
To respond to inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to process donations, renew your membership, or send you information about a project, as well as to provide membership services.
For our internal purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products and services, enhancing, improving or modifying the Sites, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and operating and expanding our activities.
The Personal Information that STC collects:
Will not be shared with or sold to anyone else without your authorization.
Will not be used to send mailings on behalf of other organizations.
We may also use and disclose your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
How Can You Control Collection of Your Information?
Set your web browser to inform you of when cookies are being set before a cookie is stored and refuse any request to set cookies, and do not accept cookies from STC. Erase all STC cookies from your hard drive.
Do not provide your information when prompted by the Sites.
Please note, however, that if you choose to reject or erase cookies, your ability to navigate the Sites may be limited. Further, in the event you choose not to share information, STC will be unable to respond to your request for STC information.
Finally, if you would like to modify or remove Personal Information you have previously provided us as part of making a donation, please email STC at membership@conserveturtles.org. If you created an account to make a purchase in our online gift shop, you can manage your profile by visiting https://conserveturtles.org/my-shopping-account/.
How Long Do We Keep Your Online Data?
We keep your data for as long as you have an online gift shop account with us. We also keep some data for security investigation. Most importantly, we have specific obligations for fraud detection and tax reasons. Therefore, we might need to retain certain data even if you ask to delete it.
How Can You Stop Receiving Communications from STC?
If you would like to opt out of receiving content from STC, you can:
Take the opportunity to opt out using the links on the bottom of emails STC sends to you.
Call STC at 352-373-6441 to tell us you do not want to receive communications from STC.
Email STC at mmembership@conserveturtles.org to tell us you do not want to receive communications from STC.
Do you think you are receiving spam from STC?
Please be advised that spammers may illegally use STC to send out unsolicited e-mail.
STC is in not associated with these e-mails and is in no way responsible for sending them.
If you receive a suspicious e-mail with an attachment, DO NOT open the attachment. STC does not send attachments with any of its e-mail communications.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
STC may from time to time and at its discretion amend this Privacy Policy. The “Effective Date” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Sites. Your continued use of the Sites following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
Security
STC uses industry standard encryption technologies, when transferring and receiving data from visitors on Sites. We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Information” section below.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact STC at membership@conserveturtles.org or 352-373-6441. You can also send a letter to:
Membership
Sea Turtle Conservancy
4581 NW 6th St, Suite A
Gainesville, FL 32609
Last Modified: November 6, 2020
EmailPlease complete the reCAPTCHA below to join our email list.
Sea Turtle Conservancy
4581 NW 6th St, Suite A
Gainesville, FL 32609
Phone: 352-373-6441
Fax: 352-375-2449
stc@conserveturtles.org
GeneralAbout STC
Sea Turtles
Programs
Turtle Tracker
Barrier Island Center
MembershipAdopt-A-Turtle
Monthly Donation
Donate
Renew
Get Involved
OtherShop
Media
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 1996 - 2020 Sea Turtle Conservancy, all rights reserved. The Sea Turtle Conservancy® logo and logo turtle are registered trademarks of the Sea Turtle Conservancy.
A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DIVISION OF CONSUMER SERVICES BY CALLING TOLL-FREE WITHIN THE STATE. REGISTRATION DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL, OR RECOMMENDATION BY THE STATE. 1-800-HELP-FLA (435-7352), www.FloridaConsumerHelp.com