https://coppolaprivacy.com/privacy-policy
Coppola Privacy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our websites. This policy governs the sites (the “Sites”) operated by The Family Coppola, Inglenook, and certain affiliated businesses including Francis Ford Coppola Winery, Domaine de Broglie, Great Women Spirits Ltd., The Family Coppola Hideaways, Mammarella Foods, Café Zoetrope, Zoetrope: All-Story, and American Zoetrope, among others (collectively, “Affiliated Entities”). BY ACCESSING OR USING THESE SITES, YOU INDICATE YOUR UNCONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY (THE “PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY”). Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize the Affiliated Entities to use your information in the United States and any other country where the Affiliated Entities operate.
We value your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy and Security Policy is to fully share with you how we handle information we collect about you. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy and Security Policy, please contact us at info@coppolaprivacy.com.
What information do we collect, and how is it used?
Personal Information Given When Ordering. If you purchase an item online from us, you provide us with the following information:
First and last name
Billing address
Shipping address(es)
Email address
Phone number
Credit card account number
Names of items you purchase from us
Messages you include in gift messages
Verification of your age being over 21, where applicable
We use this information as follows:
We fulfill your order based on this information.
We share non-credit related information with certain business partners in order to fill your order, deliver promotions for our products and services to you and to ensure that we are compliant with wine direct shipping laws.
We provide you with information about your order (such as, whether your order has been received, processed, or shipped).
If you do not opt out, we will periodically contact you via email with news and special offers.
We ask for your phone number in the event that our customer service representatives and shipping agents need to contact you and cannot reach you by email. We save the information about products you purchased to provide you with the best possible customer service and the most up-to-date information about your order.
Credit card information is used to bill you for products you have ordered.
Personal Information Given When Joining a Wine or Other Club. If you join one of our clubs, you provide us with your name, billing and shipping address, phone numbers, email address and credit card information. The information is used to ship your orders and provide you with club information. Please see the FAQ section for your club for additional information on the club in which you are a member or are considering joining.
Personal Information Given When Joining One of Our Mailing Lists. If you join one of our mailing lists, you may provide us with your name, email address and state of residence. The information is utilized so that we may inform you of special offers and events associated with the Affiliated Entities, which are listed above.
Personal Information Given When Joining Coppola Crush on You Rewards. If you join our rewards program, you may provide us with your name, email address, shipping address, phone number and purchase information. This information is used to allow you to accumulate points, redeem rewards, and to help us understand purchase trends.
Personal Information Given When Joining Zoetrope Workshops or Groups. If you join Zoetrope Workshops or Groups, you may provide us with your name, email address, and content that you may voluntarily share through creative submissions, reviews and dialogue with other members through our platforms. This information is used to help us anticipate and resolve problems with your service, to personalize your service, to investigate activity that may violate our policies, and to develop and market products and services that may be of interest to you.
Additional Information. If you email us, we may keep your message, email address and contact information to respond to and maintain a record of your request.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. When you visit the Sites, we may collect some basic information that does not identify individual users. This may include, for example, pages visited, types of products viewed, and information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, as well as, logs and other data we automatically receive when you use the Sites. For example, your computer or mobile device may send us location information. We may then aggregate this information with other pieces of information to improve our Sites and make your experience on the Sites as valuable and efficient as possible. In addition, we may contract with third-party companies who also may collect such non-personally identifiable information to direct advertisements for goods and services on the Internet. Pages of the Sites may use devices that permit us to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content, directing advertisements and verifying system and server integrity). These devices are not used to access your personal information on the Sites.
Cookies. Our Sites also use cookies to speed navigation, keep track of items, and provide you with custom-tailored content. We also use cookies to remember some of the information you've given us so you don't have to reenter it each time you visit the Sites. By showing us how and when visitors use the Sites, cookies also help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Sites are based on data such as total number of visitors and pages viewed. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If your browser is set to refuse cookies, you will not be able to use the online order forms. If you do not wish to enable cookies but would like to order wine or other products from The Family Coppola, please call (877) 329-3266 or email us at service@thefamilycoppola.com. If you would like to order from Inglenook, please call (707) 968-1149 or email us at service@inglenook.com.
Third-Parties and Affiliates: We use a variety of third-party services to help provide the Sites, such as web hosting services, and to help us understand and improve the use of our services, such as Google Analytics. These third-party service providers may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP address. Third-party ad partners may share general demographic and behavioral information with us, like your gender, age, a browser cookie ID, website URL visited, mobile device ID, or cryptographic hash of a common account identifier (such as an email address), to help us measure and tailor ads. For example, this allows us to display ads about things you may have already shown interest in. If you prefer, you can opt out of your information being used for tailored advertising purposes so that your account is not matched to information shared by ad partners for tailoring ads.
To learn more about the use of this information or to choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partners by opting out, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here. We may also receive information about you from our corporate affiliates in order to help provide, understand, and improve our services and our affiliates’ services, including the delivery of ads.
With whom do we share information?
Business Transfers and Affiliates: We share your information within the Affiliated Entities.
If you would like to opt-out of receiving emails from our Affiliated Entities, please email us at service@thefamilycoppola.com or service@inglenook.com.
Service Providers: We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. We do, however, work with third party services and their providers to manage aspects of our Sites, businesses, our alcohol beverage related compliance, and to serve advertisements on our behalf on the Internet. In connection with these activities, we may permit these third parties to access your information solely to help us better serve you and improve our business. For example, if you purchase wine through our online store or become a club member and receive wine shipments, your information will be shared with our business partners for functions such as fulfilling orders and to ensure that we are compliant with the direct shipping laws in each state.
These partners may only use your information for the purpose of fulfilling these functions. In addition, the third party service providers may tailor advertisements to other websites that you visit.
We do, however, provide links to sites that are not controlled by our Affiliated Entities. Each of these sites will have its own terms of use and privacy and security policy, and we cannot provide any assurance regarding privacy or security for these sites.
Law and Harm: We may also preserve or disclose information we have collected about you if we believe it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to minimize credit card risk, address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect our rights or property.
Non-private Information: We share information that you intend for us to make public, such as information you may disclose through open forums, chat room or bulletin boards on our Sites.
With Your Consent: In the future, we may ask you if you would like to participate in programs with Non-Affiliated Entities. We would, of course, ask for your permission before sharing any personal information we have collected about you with such Non-Affiliated Entities.
Do-Not-Track Notice
We rely on the Network Advertising Initiative opt out service to provide our customers with choice and control regarding their tailored advertising experience. As such, our Sites ignore Do Not Track (DNT) signals. If you delete your Cookies, use a different browser, or use a different computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
What data security measures do we use?
Our online stores use encryption technology to keep your personal information safe. All your ordering information -- including your name, address, and credit card number -- is encrypted using a secure server for security; your credit card and billing information cannot be read as it travels to our ordering system. The Sites encrypt your credit card number and other personal information using Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your computer to our servers. In addition, only those employees and third parties who need access to your information in order to perform their duties are allowed such access.
Credit card storage and transactions are handled by a PCI DSS compliant third party, which receives the credit card number and other personal identifying information only to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions.
We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Sites. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.
Your California Privacy Rights
For more information on our collection and use of personal information and how California residents may exercise their rights pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act or “Shine the Light” law, please refer to our Privacy Notice for California Residents.
How do I change personally identifiable information about myself?
If at any time you would like to change your online store account information, please contact us at service@thefamilycoppola.com or (877) 329-3266. To opt out of receiving emails with news and special offers from us, you may email us at service@thefamilycoppola.com or service@inglenook.com.
If you want to change information about you in one of our clubs or suspend or discontinue your membership in one of our clubs, please see the club FAQs for more information.
How do we protect people under 21 years of age?
We seek to restrict people under 21 years of age (minors) from using the alcohol related portions of our Sites. We have inserted an age limit gate at the entrance of our Sites. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from minors. If we become aware that a minor has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the minor's account. All our shipments that contain alcoholic beverages are sent with an “Adult Signature Required" sticker on them. The common carrier that delivers our merchandise is required to ask and check for identification upon delivery.Contact usPrivacy Inquiries for all Companies:info@coppolaprivacy.comThe Family Coppola Customer Service:service@thefamilycoppola.com707-251-3282 Inglenook Customer Service:service@inglenook.com707-968-1100Cafe Zoetrope:
415-291-1700
Hideaways:
Contact us All-Story:info@all-story.com
AZ/Zoetrope.com:
Contact Us
Other
By using our Sites, you consent to the collection and use of your information by the Affiliated Entities as described in this policy.
We welcome comments and questions. Please contact us at info@coppolaprivacy.com.
The date of this Privacy and Security Policy is July 1, 2020. We may update this Privacy and Security Policy from time to time. Please check this page periodically for changes. By accessing and using the Sites after those changes become effective, you signify your agreement to the revised Privacy and Security Policy.
×