http://coupester.com/privacy.php
Home
Auto Projects
1969 Mustang Mach 1
1967 Chevelle
1967 Camaro RS SS
1941 Willy's Coupe
1934 Chev 5 Window Coupe
Auto Store
Site Info
Link To Us
About Coupester
Site Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
Your privacy is important to us at Coupester.com because we know and appreciate that you care how information about you is
used and shared. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that is collected when you visit
Coupester.com, and the ways in which Coupester.com uses that personal information.
What Information Does Coupester.com Collect?
• Contact Information: We currently do not collect any contact information from our visitors using online forms or by
any other means such as email or postal mail.
• Other Information: There is other information that gets collected when you visit Coupester.com. These are the normal
Web stats provided by the company we use to host the Website. The information collected in these Web stats are URL of referring
websites, keywords used in search engines, what browser types our visitors are using, and what operating systems our visitors
are using. This information is used to evaluate accessibility and how we can improve website performance for our visitors.
Other Privacy Concerns?
• Cookies: We currently do not set any cookies.
• Third Party Cookies: We do use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These
third-party advertising companies may set cookies on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements to
Coupester.com.
If at any time in the future we at Coupester.com change how we are collecting visitor information, begin collecting addition visitor
information, or begin using the information differently than expressed above we will update this privacy policy to include the changes.
Contact Information
Email:
~ Managed by Ridge Down © 2010-15 ~
~v15.01.25~
Popular Searches
Partners
Southwestern Nova Scotia
Ridge Down
Top ^