https://covecommunities.co.uk/bunnleisure/holidays-terms-conditions/
Terms and conditions
1.Terms – All prices are per week or per short break and for the caravan holiday homes and cottages as equipped and described. All prices quoted online or within brochures include VAT. The maximum length of stay is three weeks.
Arrival and departure times – The usual time of check-in is 5pm unless otherwise stated (subject to unavoidable delays). You must vacate your caravan holiday home or cottage by 9am, if you are departing later you will be charged a penalty fee equal to the daily rate of your holiday. You are expected to leave everything in a clean and tidy condition. You are responsible for any damage or loss sustained during your stay. Please hand your key into reception on departure.
Non-arrival – Unless Bunn Leisure has been previously notified, accommodation unclaimed by 10am on the day following your holiday start date will be treated as a cancelled booking. Certain caravan accommodation is not owned by Bunn Leisure but is managed and let by us on behalf of the owners.
All party members must provide their full name and date of birth prior to arrival.
2. Permanent Address – When you make your booking we will ask for your permanent address, this is so we can cross-check against the electoral register. This is to prevent fraud and to ensure we have the correct details should we need to contact you prior to and after your holiday. If you are not on the electoral register due to a recent move we may ask you for a copy of your council tax which will show your new address so we can confirm your details are correct.
3. Booking Confirmation – Once a booking has been made you will receive confirmation, only after monies have been paid does a contract between Bunn Leisure and the customer exist. Should you wish to make a change to your booking once it has been confirmed, such as the type of accommodation, we will always try to meet your request. However, a charge of £20 per alteration will be payable. If you wish to change the date of your holiday, this may be treated as a cancellation. Minimum holiday prices after discounts are £149 for 7 nights and £99 for 3 or 4 nights. Prices given are only valid at the time of booking. Any quotation obtained prior to booking is subject to change. Please remember no booking is transferable within 28 days of the start of the holiday.
4. Number In Your Party – This booking has been entered into on the understanding that the total number in your party shall in no circumstances exceed the capacity of the caravan holiday home or cottage as advertised online or in our brochure. Children and infants must be included in the total number of the party.
5. All party members must provide their full name and date of birth prior to arrival. Only those people listed on the booking can occupy your accommodation and use the facilities of the park. If this legal requirement is not met your booking will be terminated and you will be asked to leave with no refund made.
6. Initial Payment – When you book, the initial payment stated must be paid. This initial payment must include your booking deposit as part payment towards the cost of your holiday & subscription to Holiday Cancellation Protection (if required). If you wish to take advantage of any offers, they must be claimed at this stage. All offers are subject to availability at the time of booking and to specific terms and conditions and may be withdrawn at any time. These offers only apply to the promotional period stated and cannot normally be combined with any other offer. Please note that if prices are reduced once you have booked your holiday we are unable to refund the difference between your holiday price and any special offer prices. Holiday deposits/payments, unfortunately, cannot be transferred from one year to another.
7. The Balance Of Hire Money – The balance of hire money as shown on your invoice is due and payable 6 weeks before the start of your holiday. Your invoice gives full details. For bookings made within 6 weeks of your holiday start date, you will normally pay the full hire charge when you make your booking. If you wish to pay your balance-of-hire by credit card, then you must contact us to do this not later than 6 weeks before your holiday starts.
8. Booking Cancellation – If you are compelled to cancel your holiday you must inform us in writing to the Bunn Leisure Booking Office by 1st class mail or Email and hold confirmation that we have received your notification. We recommend that you take out our Holiday Cancellation Plan which covers you and your holiday party if you cancel your holiday for one of the qualifying reasons, any cancellation should be notified in writing to us, please note, we do not offer cancellation protection on our holiday houses. If you do not take out our Cancellation Protection Plan or cover of your own NO REFUND WILL BE GIVEN ON ANY MONIES PAID.
9. Cots and Highchairs are available for an extra charge – A maximum of two cots can be accommodated in caravan holiday homes. Cots may need to be located in the living area in some accommodation, please check on booking. You will need to bring your own cot linen. In all accommodation cots and highchairs need to be requested at the time of booking and are subject to availability. Please note we do not offer this service at Warner Farm Touring Park.
10. Linen and Towels – Bedding is provided – pillows, duvets/quilts, covers, sheets and pillowcases. However, towels are not provided. Please note promotional bookings and bookings from third party’s (i.e. The Sun Newspaper) may incur additional charges for bed linen and towels. A modern launderette is available on park. Please note we do not offer this service at Warner Farm Touring Park.
11. Extra Charges – Your holiday cost includes the use of the majority of the main park venues, facilities and activities. certain facilities and activities are subject to an additional cost and some facilities and activities may be restricted off-peak.
12. Availability – The Booking is made on the understanding that the caravan holiday home or cottage will be placed at your disposal on the date stated. Should this not be possible through circumstances not under the control of the owner (e.g. fire, theft or damage) we cannot guarantee to provide alternative holiday accommodation. In this case, the booking deposit will be refunded to you in full but you will have no claim against the owner. In the interest of continued improvement, Bunn Leisure reserves the right to alter or delete amenities or facilities or any part of the programme of activities either advertised or previously available without prior notice. The company reserves the right to move or amend bookings already confirmed without notifying you.
13. Accommodation – Some of the accommodation offered as holiday lets are caravans sub-let to us by owners.
14. Bookings – The holidays we offer have been designed with families and couples in mind. Therefore bookings by persons of 21 years of age and under are not allowed. There are also restrictions on bookings for ‘singles groups’ consisting of all male or all female single people. We may apply discretion in certain circumstances such as pre-arranged sports events however, please contact us if you would like further clarification. We reserve the right to cancel or refuse the booking if these conditions are contravened. On occasion, we may require you to leave a cash deposit when you check in for your holiday. This will be refunded to you once your holiday is finished, providing your holiday home is clean, tidy and not damaged.
15. Your Pet – You may bring your dog with you to many holiday homes, provided you can produce a vaccination certificate if requested. A charge of £39 per pet per week/booking will be made for this facility. You must tell us that you are bringing your pet when you make your booking. You will need to bring your pet basket with you as pets are only allowed on the clear understanding that under no circumstances may your pet lie on bedding or chairs. Pets are not allowed in the entertainment complexes (clubs, shops, bars or swimming pool areas) and must be exercised on a lead. Pets must not be left unattended in holiday homes or elsewhere. The maximum number of pets is 2. Unfortunately, no refund can be given if pets are not in attendance. Please note pets are not permitted in our cottages. We reserve the right to require owners to control their pets and any dog considered a nuisance or affecting the comfort of other guests, to remove it from our Parks. Please note we do not allow any dogs covered by the Dangerous Dogs Act 1991 which are the Pit Bull Terrier, Japanese Tosa, Dogo Argentino and Fila Brasileiro.
16. Swimming Pool/Steam Room/Sauna/Sunbeds – Children under the age of 12 and non-swimmers are not allowed to use the swimming pools unless accompanied by an adult. Under 16’s are not allowed in the Health Suite and Fitness Centre. There is a height restriction on the lazy river and children must be at least 1.3m to use this facility. The pools operate an adult to child to ration for safety, please call 01243 608446 for more information.
17. Your Vehicles – Your vehicles, their accessories and contents are left at your risk. Bunn Leisure and their Management will not be responsible for loss or damage to accessories or contents from any causes except from the negligence of its employees and/or agents. Parking and other regulations are in accordance with Local Authority requirements. Whilst using your vehicle on Bunn Leisure you are bound by the Road Traffic Act 1988 and all laws are applicable, including driving, or being in charge of a vehicle when under the influence of drink or drugs. Bunn Leisure does not allow learner drivers or learner vehicles on its parks. Motorised scooters, Segways, scrambler type motorbikes, go-peds, quad bikes or hoverboards are also not permitted.
18. Commercial vehicles – Commercial vehicles, vans or camper vans* are not permitted on Bunn Leisure property. If you are unsure whether your vehicle falls within this category please call our reservation team on 01243 606080. *Campervans are permitted at Warner Farm Touring Park.
19. Service – If you are dissatisfied with any aspect of your holiday or accommodation you must notify Reception immediately so that we have the opportunity to rectify it for you. If you do not notify us immediately whilst on Park, we cannot consider any subsequent claim submitted. Written claims not received by Bunn Leisure within 14 days of the completion of your holiday will not be considered. We will respond within 5 to 10 working days.
20. Bunn Leisure Reserves the right – To refuse to hand over accommodation to any person who, in the opinion of the Management, is not suitable to take charge. In such cases all hire charges shall be refunded in full and the contract shall be terminated. If, in the reasonable opinion of ourselves and/or Bunn Leisure, any person(s) is not suitable to continue the holiday because of unreasonable behaviour, damage to property, danger or significant annoyance to others, or if Bunn Leisure has a reasonable suspicion that any person(s) has committed or intends to commit an offence, the contract may be terminated, in which case we will not have further liability. In this event, you will remain liable to pay the hire price and no refund shall be due. The hirer shall also be liable for any damage caused in the caravan holiday home or cottage. We and the owner(s) have the right to enter any accommodation (without prior notice if this is not practical or possible) if special circumstances or emergencies occur (e.g. if repairs need to be carried out).
21. While Every Care Is Taken – To ensure the details shown online or in brochures are correct, Bunn Leisure cannot accept responsibility for errors, omissions or misunderstanding. We may on occasion need to amend our terms & conditions.
22. Special Conditions – Ball games are not be permitted near caravans or built up areas – please use areas provided. Please note: Pushchairs are not permitted in the clubs. Boats/Jet Skis and such water craft are not permitted to be parked by caravans or in our car parks. Storage facilities are available on request.
While every effort will be made to return lost property, Bunn Leisure cannot accept responsibility for items left after departure. Lost property will only be held for one month after departure.
23. Smoking – In order to comply with legislation we expect all of our guests not to smoke in any of our caravans, cottages, pubs, clubs, restaurants and indoor venues. They will be liable for any damage caused through smoking.
24. CCTV – Please note that Bunn Leisure makes use of CCTV on our Parks to ensure the safety of our guests, holidaymakers and employees.
25. Sun Breaks – In order to use certain Bunn Leisure facilities, Club Membership must be purchased. Gas, electric and linen are additional charges.
26. Pushchairs and infant seats – Just to let you know, at busy times, for safety reasons pushchairs are not allowed in any of our entertainment venues. Infant seats are available free of charge at the venues on request.
27. Health & Safety – The operation of our parks is subject to legislation and the guidelines laid down by the Health & Safety Executive and Local Authorities and their codes of practice. We reserve the right to adjust our services in order to meet these standards. In extenuating circumstances, accommodation, entertainment, sports activities or any facility may be withdrawn, due to maintenance, renovation, adverse weather conditions, changes in governmental legislation,or any other factor out of our control. We reserve the right to make such changes without prior notice, and are unable to accept liability for the loss of an advertised facility or to pay compensation for any inconvenience caused. Where possible, we will advise of any significant changes prior to booking and endeavour to advise guests already booked of any significant changes as they occur. Certain facilities have height, weight and/or age restrictions, and session bathing may occur in our pools at certain times – please check at the time of booking.
28. Children – Children must be accompanied by a parent or guardian at all times.
29. Dress Code – Whilst every effort is taken at Bunn Leisure to create a relaxing holiday experience we do however have a smart casual dress code for our restaurants and entertainment venues and do not allow sports shorts or vests, hats or hoodies to be worn. We also ask that when visiting any of our venues that the appropriate footwear is worn.
30. Discounts – Within our promotions, we may advertise a percentage saving, this does not apply to our holiday houses or our Platinum grade holiday homes.
31. BBQ’s – Disposable barbecues of any kind are not permitted on any part of Bunn Leisure or any part of the beach. If you wish to have a barbecue you must first obtain the permission of the Security Management team who will require a risk assessment and that a number of conditions are met.
32. All holidays homes are WiFi enabled. Holiday houses and Platinum grade WiFi costs are included in booking price, all other grades addition costs do apply.
33. Our Holiday Cancellation Plan
What we offer – We offer a Holiday Cancellation Plan to cover your holiday (excludes holiday houses). We strongly recommend that, if you do not have full holiday insurance, you take out our Holiday Cancellation Plan when you book. The cover for each holiday home only costs £25 per week or part week.
What you’ll get – Should you have to cancel your holiday, here’s what you’ll get back with our Holiday Protection Plan if you have paid for your holiday in full:
Our Holiday Cancellation Plan covers cancellation in the event that any member of your party listed on your booking, is unable to travel due to the following reasons: sickness or death, redundancy, witness or jury service, or HM Forces/TA Deployment. The Plan will also provide for a reduced refund should you cancel for an unqualified reason.
Cancellation for the Qualifying Reasons
Number of days before the start of your holiday & our refund
2 days (48 hours) or more – Full refund minus a cancellation charge of £50 per holiday home
2 days (47 hours, 59 minutes) or less – 30% of your total holiday cost
Cancelling for Other Reasons
Number of days before the start of your holiday & what you get back
42 days or more – Total holiday cost minus your cancellation premium and deposit
42-29 days – 50% of your total holiday cost minus your cancellation premium
29-8 days – 10% of your total holiday cost minus your cancellation premium
7 days or less – No refund
Refunds
If we refund you in line with the term above, we are legally bound to return your money in the same way you made your original payment – back to the same payment card, for example. If you’ve used coupons or vouchers to pay for the holiday, we may be able to transfer them to another holiday with us. Unfortunately , we can’t refund coupons or vouchers.
How to claim
Step 1. Call us on 01243 606080 as soon as you can.
Step 2. Send proof of why you need to cancel by recorded delivery to Bunn Leisure, Mill Lane, Selsey, West Sussex, PO20 9BH at least 48 hours before the start of your holiday. We’ll need written proof of why you’ve had to cancel, such as a doctor’s certificate or court notification.
Step 3. We’ll write to you to tell you whether we’re able to give you some money back, and the amount.
Step 4. We’ll pay your refund to the payment card you used.
Warner Farm Touring Park additional Terms & Conditions
The following conditions and regulations specifically apply to motor-homes, touring caravans and tents:
1) As touring caravans are principally designed for family holidays, we reserve the right to refuse any booking from parties which may, in our opinion, be unsuitable: either by reason of numbers, composition or false declaration.
2) The management will not accept liability for any loss or damage whatsoever to the caravan and/or car in respect of which this license is given, or contents of the same nor the death or injury to any person whilst upon or using the Bunn Leisure Centre.
3) Dogs are accepted but must at all times be kept on a lead. Please ask for directions to our dog exercising areas.
4) Only the pitch allocated by Warner Farm staff shall be used.
5) Generators cannot be used anywhere at Warner Farm
6) The holidays we offer have been designed with families and couples in mind, therefore bookings by persons 21 years of age and under are not allowed. There are also restrictions on bookings for ‘singles groups’ consisting of all male or all female single people. We may apply discretion in certain circumstances such as pre-arranged sports events however it is best to contact us if you would like further clarification. We reserve the right to cancel or refuse booking if these conditions are contravened.
7) Only fully qualified drivers will be allowed to drive cars whilst on the park. Under no circumstances are motor fun bikes or scrambler type bikes allowed on to the park.
8) The management reserves the right to remove any vehicle, caravan or person from the park in breach of any of the above conditions. We reserve the right to refuse admission.
9) On arrival at the park the Cancellation Protection will cease and under no circumstances can there be a refund of any tariff that has been paid.
10) If Cancellation Protection is not taken, no refunds for whatever reason will be made.
11) Commercial vehicles, solid panelled vans or signwritten vehicles are not permitted on the park. If you are unsure if your vehicle fits this criteria then please check with our team prior to booking.
12) The maximum length of caravans is 7.5 meters, if your caravan is longer than this please check with our team prior to booking.
14) Boats/Jet Skis and such watercraft are not permitted to be parked on the pitches or in our car parks , storage facilities are available on request.
15) Prices include up to 4 persons. Extra persons are charged at rates listed with a maximum of 6 chargeable persons on one pitch.
16) Payment of your holiday must be made prior to your arrival.
Cancellation Plan Options
When making a booking you will be offered the option to take out our Cancellation Protection Plan which covers you and your holiday party. We have two types of protection plan;
Premium Plan
Provides you with complete peace of mind and allows you to cancel your holiday at any time 8 weeks or more before the holiday start date regardless of the reason, you can simply change your mind. Premium plan also gives you the cover as outlined in the Standard Plan below:£25.00 per touring pitch per week or part week
Standard Plan
Our Standard cancellation protection plan covers you should you, or any other member of your party, be forced to cancel your holiday because of sickness, bereavement, redundancy or jury service.
£10.00 per touring pitch per week or part week
We will need written proof of your cancellation, this will need to be as follows:
Sickness – Doctors Certificate Redundancy – Formal notification
Jury Service – Court notification Bereavement – Death Certificate
Customers covered by our Cancellation Plans and complying with these conditions will be entitled to the following (less a £25.00 administration fee and the cancellation plan fee):
42 days or more before the holiday start date – Full refund of total fund received.
41 – 15 days before the holiday start date – 75% of total sums received will be refunded.
14 days or less before the holiday start date – 50% of total sums received will be refunded.
Please note: Our cancellation scheme covers you until you arrive on site after which refunds cannot be given if, for any reason, you decide you leave early. You may wish to take out your own holiday insurance to cover this. Completion of our Cancellation Form and Proof will be required, by recorded delivery prior to the confirmed start date of your holiday.
Refunds
If we refund you in line with the terms above, we’ll return your money in the same way you made your original payment – back to the same payment card, for example. If you’ve used coupons or vouchers to pay for your holiday, we may be able to transfer them to another holiday with us. Unfortunately, we can’t refund coupons or vouchers.
How to claim
Step 1. Email us at touring@bunnleisure.co.uk detailing why you need to cancel your holiday (remember if you have our Premium Plan you need to notify us up to 8 weeks before your holiday start date. If your cancellation is within 8 weeks of your holiday starting please refer to the standard plan conditions).
Step 2. Send proof of why you need to cancel by recorded delivery to Warner Farm, Selsey, West Sussex. PO20 9EL. We’ll need written proof of why you’ve had to cancel, such as a doctor’s certificate or court notification.
Step 3. We’ll write to you to tell you whether we’re able to give you some money back – and the amount.
Step 4. We’ll pay your refund to the card you used.
White Horse Caravan Company Ltd Website terms of use.
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this website
What’s in these terms?
These terms tell you the rules for using any of the following websites:
covecommunities.com
covecommunities.co.uk
Who we are and how to contact us
Our websites are operated by [White Horse Caravan Company Ltd] (“We”), a private limited company registered in England and Wales. Our company number is 01538949 and registered office is 35 Great St. Helen’s, London, United Kingdom, EC3A 6AP.
Our VAT number is 39037496.
We are a limited company.
To contact us, please email enquiries@bunnleisure.co.uk
By using our website you accept these terms
By using our website, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our website.
We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.
There are other terms that may apply to you
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our website:
Our Privacy and Cookie Policy. See further under How we may use your personal information.
If you purchase a holiday from us our booking terms are listed above.
We may make changes to these terms
We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our website, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.
We may make changes to our website
We may update and change our website from time to time to reflect changes to our business, our users’ needs and our business priorities.
We may suspend or withdraw our website
Our website is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our website, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our website for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our website through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
We may transfer this agreement to someone else
We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organisation. We will always tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the contract.
You must keep your account details safe
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at privacy@covecommunities.com
How you may use material on our website
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our website, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our website for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our website.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our website must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our website for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our website in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Do not rely on information on this website
The content on our website is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our website.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our website, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our website is accurate, complete or up to date.
We are not responsible for websites we link to
Where our contains links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.
We have no control over the contents of those websites or resources.
User-generated content is not approved by us
This website may include information and materials uploaded by other users of the website. This information and these materials have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on our website do not represent our views or values.
How to complain about content uploaded by other users
If you wish to complain about content uploaded by other users, please contact us.
Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
Whether you are a consumer or a business user:
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of a holiday you have booked with us, which will be set out in our booking terms [`
If you are a business user:
We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our website or any content on it.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our website; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our website.
In particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user:
Please note that we only provide our website for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our website for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
If defective digital content that we have supplied, damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation.
How we may use your personal information
We will only use your personal information as set out in our privacy policy.
Uploading content to our website
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our website, or to make contact with other users of our website, you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any content you upload to our website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us [and other users of our website] a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties. The rights you license to us are described in Rights you are giving us to use material you upload.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our website constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our website if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
We do not store terrorist content.
Rights you are giving us to use material you upload
When you upload or post content to our website, you grant us the following rights to use that content:
A perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable and assignable licence to us, our affiliated companies, and necessary sublicensees to use, copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate, and reformat your content; to publish your name in connection with your content; and to sublicense such rights to third parties.
A perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable and assignable licence for third parties (for example, other users, our partners or advertisers) to use the content for their purposes or in accordance with the functionality of the site.
Acceptable Use Policy
We are not responsible for computer viruses and you must not introduce them
We do not guarantee that our website will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our website. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our website, the server on which our website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our website. You must not attack our website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our website will cease immediately.
Rules about linking to our website
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our website in any website that is not owned by you.
Our website must not be framed on any other website, nor may you create a link to any part of our website other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our website other than that set out above, please contact enquiries@bunnleisure.co.uk
Prohibited uses of our website
You may use our website only for lawful purposes.  You may not use our website:
In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:
Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our website in contravention of the provisions of these terms of website use.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of our website;
any equipment or network on which our website is stored;
any software used in the provision of our website; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the terms of use upon which you are permitted to use our website, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our website.
Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any content uploaded by you to our website.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary or as required by law.
We exclude our liability for all action we may take in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The actions we may take are not limited to those described above, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Which country’s laws apply to any disputes?
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Arrange a tour below
Name*
Email*
Phone*Please let us know the best time to call to confirm your tourDate
Date Format: MM slash DD slash YYYY
Best time to visitAMPMPlease let us know the best time to call to confirm your tourBest time to call9am - 11am11am - 1pm1pm - 3pm3pm - 5pmPlease let us know any questions you haveNewsletter
I’d like to receive further information and offers by email, I understand I can unsubscribe at any time
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
*The information contained in any correspondence with us along with your email address and other details will only be used by Bunn Leisure and its officers in order to respond to your particular enquiry. It will not be given to any third party that is not associated with Bunn Leisure and its businesses without you being notified in advance. Your details may be retained on file and used to contact you in the future with information that is relevant to Bunn Leisure Holiday Home Ownership Offers and Bunn Leisure Holiday offers and the facilities, amenities, entertainment etc., at some stage in the future either by post or electronic mail. Click here for Data Protection Information. View our Terms & Conditions. You may unsubscribe from receiving our offers at any time by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email, by emailing us at unsubscribe@bunnleisure.co.uk or simply calling us and requesting your removal from our databases.
Holiday brochure
Name*
First
Last
Email*
PhoneSign up to our Mailinglist
Yes I'd like to receive further information and offers by email, I understand I can unsubscribe at any time
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
*The information contained in any correspondence with us along with your email address and other details will only be used by Bunn Leisure and its officers in order to respond to your particular enquiry. It will not be given to any third party that is not associated with Bunn Leisure and its businesses without you being notified in advance. Your details may be retained on file and used to contact you in the future with information that is relevant to Bunn Leisure Holiday Home Ownership Offers and Bunn Leisure Holiday offers and the facilities, amenities, entertainment etc., at some stage in the future either by post or electronic mail. Click here for Data Protection Information. View our Terms & Conditions. You may unsubscribe from receiving our offers at any time by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email, by emailing us at unsubscribe@bunnleisure.co.uk or simply calling us and requesting your removal from our databases.
Holiday Homes brochure
Name*
First
Last
Email*
PhoneSign up to our Mailinglist
Yes I'd like to receive further information and offers by email, I understand I can unsubscribe at any time
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
*The information contained in any correspondence with us along with your email address and other details will only be used by Bunn Leisure and its officers in order to respond to your particular enquiry. It will not be given to any third party that is not associated with Bunn Leisure and its businesses without you being notified in advance. Your details may be retained on file and used to contact you in the future with information that is relevant to Bunn Leisure Holiday Home Ownership Offers and Bunn Leisure Holiday offers and the facilities, amenities, entertainment etc., at some stage in the future either by post or electronic mail. Click here for Data Protection Information. View our Terms & Conditions. You may unsubscribe from receiving our offers at any time by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email, by emailing us at unsubscribe@bunnleisure.co.uk or simply calling us and requesting your removal from our databases.
Caravan enquiry form
Name*
First
Last
Email*
PhoneMessageSign up to our Mailinglist
Yes I'd like to receive further information and offers by email, I understand I can unsubscribe at any time
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
*The information contained in any correspondence with us along with your email address and other details will only be used by Bunn Leisure and its officers in order to respond to your particular enquiry. It will not be given to any third party that is not associated with Bunn Leisure and its businesses without you being notified in advance. Your details may be retained on file and used to contact you in the future with information that is relevant to Bunn Leisure Holiday Home Ownership Offers and Bunn Leisure Holiday offers and the facilities, amenities, entertainment etc., at some stage in the future either by post or electronic mail. Click here for Data Protection Information. View our Terms & Conditions. You may unsubscribe from receiving our offers at any time by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email, by emailing us at unsubscribe@bunnleisure.co.uk or simply calling us and requesting your removal from our databases.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept
Loading...