https://covecommunities.co.uk/bunnleisure/privacy-cookie-policy/
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Introduction
Welcome to White Horse Caravan Company Limited’s privacy notice.
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect and processes your personal data obtained by any method, including any data you may provide through this website, when you make an enquiry, sign up to our newsletter or purchase a home. It applies to new and existing customers.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Controller
White Horse Caravan Company Limited is the data controller. We are a private limited company registered in England and Wales. Our company number is 01538949 and our registered office is 35 Great St. Helen’s, London, United Kingdom, EC3A 6AP.
We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office, registration number Z5730336.
White Horse Caravan Company Limited is part of a group of companies and works closely with connected companies, including:
White Horse Caravan Properties Limited
Cove Communities Management Limited
So when we mention “White Horse Caravan Company Limited”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy, we are referring to the relevant company responsible for processing your data.
We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.
Contact details
Email address: privacy@covecommunities.com
Postal address: 35 Great St. Helen’s, London, United Kingdom, EC3A 6AP
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
This version was last updated on 19.08.2020 and historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
Our website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes home address, billing address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with a holiday or the purchase of a holiday home). In this case, we may have to cancel your booking or purchase with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
book a holiday with us;
purchase a home from us;
enquire about our parks;
subscribe to our newsletters;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, and other similar technologies.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU.
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services.
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from our group companies based outside the EU
Closed circuit television (CCTV). CCTV operates on our parks for the purpose of crime prevention.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
See below to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.
Lawful basis
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We have established the following personal data control mechanisms:
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased from us or if you provided us with your details and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We do not share your personal data with any company outside the Cove Communities group of companies for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any by contacting us at any time. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, or other transaction with us.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. The cookies we use are “analytical” cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosure of personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table above.
Internal Third Parties such as other companies in the Group.
External Third Parties such as:
Service providers acting as processors who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Local Authorities such as district, borough and city councils where we are under a legal obligation to provide them with your personal information.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International transfers
We will transfer your data outside the UK, EU or European Economic Area (EEA).
Many of our external third parties are based outside the UK or EEA so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the UK, EU or EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK to a country outside the EU or EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US or where we have standard contractual terms in place approved by the European Commission.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK, EU or EEA.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Cookie policy
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical or performance cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. [We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.]
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
CookieTypeDescriptionDoubleClickNID 1P_JAR CONSENTUsed by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user’s actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser’s ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.FacebookfrWe use Facebook Pixel to track visitor activity on our website. Analytics are used to measure the effectiveness of ads, to define custom audiences for ad targeting, for dynamic ads campaigns, and to analyse that effectiveness of our website's conversion funnels. You can view your add settings and update your preferences at any time.Google Analytics_utma _utmb _utmc _utmt _utmz _ga _gid utm_source utm_medium utm_campaign utm_term utm_contentGoogle Analytics allow us to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
We also use a number of Google Analytics Advertising Features, including display, remarketing and interest-based advertising features. We may use first-party cookies (or other first-party identifiers) and third-party cookies (or other third-party identifiers) together.
Visitors can opt out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features through Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps or any other available means (for example, the NAI’s consumer opt out). You can find Google Analytics’ for the web here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.WordPresswordpress_test_cookie wp-settings-{user_id} wp-saving-post wordpress_logged_in_{hash} viewed_cookie_policywordpress_test_cookie: Tests that the browser accepts cookies.wp-settings-{user_id}: Used to persist a user’s wp-admin configuration.
wp-saving-post: Used to track if there is saved post exists for a post currently being edited. If exists then let user restore the data
wordpress_logged_in_{hash}: Remember User session
viewed_cookie_policy: Used to track if the current user has viewed the cookie policyYouTubeLOGIN_INFO PREF SAPISID SID SSID VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE YSC GPSThese cookies allow YouTube to collect usage information for YouTube hosted videos on our website.
We do not share the information collected by the cookies with any third parties.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
Arrange a tour below
Name*
Email*
Phone*Please let us know the best time to call to confirm your tourDate
Date Format: MM slash DD slash YYYY
Best time to visitAMPMPlease let us know the best time to call to confirm your tourBest time to call9am - 11am11am - 1pm1pm - 3pm3pm - 5pmPlease let us know any questions you haveNewsletter
I’d like to receive further information and offers by email, I understand I can unsubscribe at any time
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
*The information contained in any correspondence with us along with your email address and other details will only be used by Bunn Leisure and its officers in order to respond to your particular enquiry. It will not be given to any third party that is not associated with Bunn Leisure and its businesses without you being notified in advance. Your details may be retained on file and used to contact you in the future with information that is relevant to Bunn Leisure Holiday Home Ownership Offers and Bunn Leisure Holiday offers and the facilities, amenities, entertainment etc., at some stage in the future either by post or electronic mail. Click here for Data Protection Information. View our Terms & Conditions. You may unsubscribe from receiving our offers at any time by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email, by emailing us at unsubscribe@bunnleisure.co.uk or simply calling us and requesting your removal from our databases.
Holiday brochure
Name*
First
Last
Email*
PhoneSign up to our Mailinglist
Yes I'd like to receive further information and offers by email, I understand I can unsubscribe at any time
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
*The information contained in any correspondence with us along with your email address and other details will only be used by Bunn Leisure and its officers in order to respond to your particular enquiry. It will not be given to any third party that is not associated with Bunn Leisure and its businesses without you being notified in advance. Your details may be retained on file and used to contact you in the future with information that is relevant to Bunn Leisure Holiday Home Ownership Offers and Bunn Leisure Holiday offers and the facilities, amenities, entertainment etc., at some stage in the future either by post or electronic mail. Click here for Data Protection Information. View our Terms & Conditions. You may unsubscribe from receiving our offers at any time by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email, by emailing us at unsubscribe@bunnleisure.co.uk or simply calling us and requesting your removal from our databases.
Holiday Homes brochure
Name*
First
Last
Email*
PhoneSign up to our Mailinglist
Yes I'd like to receive further information and offers by email, I understand I can unsubscribe at any time
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
*The information contained in any correspondence with us along with your email address and other details will only be used by Bunn Leisure and its officers in order to respond to your particular enquiry. It will not be given to any third party that is not associated with Bunn Leisure and its businesses without you being notified in advance. Your details may be retained on file and used to contact you in the future with information that is relevant to Bunn Leisure Holiday Home Ownership Offers and Bunn Leisure Holiday offers and the facilities, amenities, entertainment etc., at some stage in the future either by post or electronic mail. Click here for Data Protection Information. View our Terms & Conditions. You may unsubscribe from receiving our offers at any time by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email, by emailing us at unsubscribe@bunnleisure.co.uk or simply calling us and requesting your removal from our databases.
Caravan enquiry form
Name*
First
Last
Email*
PhoneMessageSign up to our Mailinglist
Yes I'd like to receive further information and offers by email, I understand I can unsubscribe at any time
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
*The information contained in any correspondence with us along with your email address and other details will only be used by Bunn Leisure and its officers in order to respond to your particular enquiry. It will not be given to any third party that is not associated with Bunn Leisure and its businesses without you being notified in advance. Your details may be retained on file and used to contact you in the future with information that is relevant to Bunn Leisure Holiday Home Ownership Offers and Bunn Leisure Holiday offers and the facilities, amenities, entertainment etc., at some stage in the future either by post or electronic mail. Click here for Data Protection Information. View our Terms & Conditions. You may unsubscribe from receiving our offers at any time by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email, by emailing us at unsubscribe@bunnleisure.co.uk or simply calling us and requesting your removal from our databases.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept
Loading...