http://crackerboys.net/CBdevsite/index.php/privacy-policy
crackerboys.net
Home
About Us
Crackerboys is a Team Trail competing on Florida Freshwater Lakes since 1974
More
Latest News
2021 Schedule
1/23 Toho2/27 Lake Kissimmee (Coleman Landing)3/27 Lake Wier4/24 Harris5/22 Toho6/26 Harris7/24 Okeechobee (Dbl Points)8/28&nbsp;Lake Kissimmee9/25 IstokpogaClassic 10/23-24Okeechobee (Okeetantee)
2020 Season Summary
The Final Point Champions were Ford-Ford
Pages
FAQs
Sponsors
Gallery
Contacts
Recent Winners
Home | Privacy policy
What does this privacy policy cover?
We take your privacy very seriously. This privacy policy governs and details the main privacy principles we apply to the data we collect through our services.Click here to access our privacy policy governing our corporate website.
About our services
We specialize in a variety of services. Our aim is to deliver services based on your recent browsing behavior. With our service, you should receive personalized help that is more relevant for you than the standard one you would receive without us. Click here for more information on our services.
User Choices
If you do not want to receive ads displayed by us, on your current browser and browsers we have linked to your technical identifier you can disable the display of our ads here.If you only want to opt out from your current browser uncheck the opt-out box.You can also opt-out of all matched browsers and know more about user choices.
Our commitments and adherence
Our company is an early adopter to initiatives of greater transparency and control for users. Read more about transparency and control.
Our Technology
We collect information via technical cookies placed on your browser. Read more about our technology.
Data security and retention
The security of your information is fundamental to us. We have implemented industry-standard security measures, which include the use of firewalls and encryption. Read more about data security and retention.
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please click here for the latest version of the privacy policy.
E-mail: info@demolink.org
8302 N 40th St, Tampa
FL 33604
crackerboys.net
©2020
Privacy Policy
×
Login or register
Username
Password
Login
Login with Facebook
Login with Google +
Username
Password
Login
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Facebook
Google