http://craigsrailroadpages.com/privacy-policy.html
Toggle Navigation
Home PageWhat's New?Feedback: Your Comments
Privacy Policy
Visitor Information
My stats program collects an array of information on this site's visitors and their activities while on this website. This website automatically collects information including IP addresses, country codes, browser usage, referrers, search keywords and phrases, and the duration of visits. This information is used on an aggregate basis. This website also collect personal information that is directly submitted by our visitors when filling out and submitting any contact forms.
Information Usage
Personal information (such as names and email addresses) is used internally for the sole purpose of providing services to this site's visitors. Under no circumstances will I sell or distribute your personal contact information (except, God forbid, if required to do so by law).
Information Security
Personal information is stored on a private server in a secure facility. Access to the facility is limited to network administrators only.
Visitor Choice
All personal information used by my website is entered directly by visitors. Interacting with the features and services on the website is the choice of each visitor.
Unsolicited Emails
I believe unsolicited emails (a.k.a. spam) is a serious problem facing the internet. The companies who engage in these activities ignore the concerns and privacy of others and tax the Internet's infrastructure as a whole. I do not condone these activities and have taken steps to safeguard my site's visitors' privacy. I do not sell or distribute your personal information to any entities or companies and I strongly encourage my visitors to observe the privacy policies of each website they visit before sharing personal information.
Cookies
This website or its third-party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning. By clicking a link or continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of cookies.
You are here:
Home
Privacy Policy