https://cruisingnews.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policynolene2019-02-22T23:25:54+00:00
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is https://cruisingnews.com.au.
Cruising News is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust and accordingly maintains the following Privacy Policy to protect the personal information you provide online. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point that personally identifiable information may be requested. Questions regarding this policy please contact us.
Collection and Use of Information
Cruising News will only collect your personal information (such as your name, address, or telephone number) if you provide it voluntarily. If you do not want this information to be collected by us, please do not submit it. Cruising News will not retain your personal information longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it is collected. In addition, in the course of using our site, we automatically track certain information about you. This information includes the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you go to next (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using, and your IP address. Many sites automatically collect this information.
We only use the information which is provided through our site to help us improve our services to you, to provide you with the products you have requested, to inform you about additional products or services that may be of interest to you, for marketing purposes and for other internal purposes. Cruising News occasionally hires other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending mail and processing event registration. Cruising News will only provide these companies with the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. Other than what is described, Cruising News does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others outside of Cruising News companies and their advertising and promotional agencies and consultants. If you do not wish to receive this information, please contact us.
At any time, while accessing our site, any user, while online, may decline participation in any activity that asks for information (i.e. survey email, or e-commerce). Your choice not to participate will in no way affect your ability to use any other feature on our site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When our subscription form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with SSL encryption software.
External Web Sites
To the extent hyperlinks or banner advertisements incorporating hyperlinks are utilized to access third party sites, you should be aware that these third party web sites are not controlled by Cruising News and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should check the privacy policies of these individual sites to see how your personal information will be utilized by the operators of those third party web sites.
Indemnity
Cruising News has taken all precautions in displaying accurate details but shall not be held liable for any errors and/or be held responsible for any actions undertaken by users of the site due to displayed errors.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Cruising News. Cruising News may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept these changes.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Go to Top