http://cruiseexperts.com/privacy.php
Book Cruises Online 24/7
1.888.804.CRUISE (2784)
M-F 9AM to 4PM PT
Menu
Home
Cruises
Find Your Cruise
Cruise Line Information
River Cruises
Alaska Cruise + Land Tours
Last Minute Deals
Group Travel
Group Travel Trips 2020-2021
Group Guest Information
Group Travel Shows
Already Booked
Online Registration
Passport Help
Travel Insurance
Shore Excursions
Port Directions
Blog
Cruising Basics
About Us
Contact Us
Meet the Team
About CruiseExperts.com
The Expert Advantage
Ask The Experts - FAQ
Testimonials
Best Price Guarantee
Privacy Policy
Our Mission
Our Mission at CruiseExperts.com is to be your CRUISE EXPERT by earning your trust.
That means we want to establish and sustain a relationship with you, not just close a sale.
We strive for the highest levels of excellence and integrity - especially in regards to protecting you privacy.
Our Promise
We will never sell, share or distribute in any way personal information about you, which we acquired during your use of our website or while transacting business with us.
Any information we do collect will be protected in a secure environment.
We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving your personal information.
Information Collection And Use
The information we collect is used to:
Improve the content of our website
Customize the content and/or layout of our website for individual visitors
Communicate great travel opportunities when they become available
Facilitate the completion of transactions requested by our customers.
In other words we only use the information we collect to provide the best service possible and we only collect personal information that you choose to give us.
From time to time we may use "Cookies" technology in order to improve the speed of our web service to you by personalizing our site to your preferences.
Cookies are small text files that are usually stored on your hard drive which allow us to recognize you when you visit our website.
We will never give a third party access to this information.
You can easily delete all cookies from your hard drive, and, if you so choose, prevent any website from storing cookies on your hard drive through a setting on your web browser software.
Periodically we will compile general statistical information such as number of visitors to our website, time spent accessing our site, type of information reviewed, etc.
These results may be shared with third parties but never with any personally identifiable data attached.
Information Sharing With Third Parties
CruiseExperts.com will from time to time partner with other parties to provide specific services.
When you sign up for these services, we will share your personal information, which is necessary for that third party to provide those services.
Our website may contain links to other websites.
Please be aware that CruiseExperts.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage visitors to our website to be aware when they leave our site, and to read the privacy policies of each website they visit.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we will make every effort to preserve your privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law if we in good-faith believe that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Business Transitions
In the event CruiseExperts.com goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion or all of its assets, our customers' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Changing/Deactivating Your Personal Information
If at any time you want to change or update the personal information we have stored on you or if you want to deactivate that information and no longer receive communications from CruiseExperts.com you can contact us using the contact information listed below and we will fulfill you request.
Notification Of Changes
CruiseExperts.com may update and/or change this privacy policy in the future to reflect changes in our business practices.
Those changes will be posted to this privacy policy statement.
We encourage you to review this privacy policy from time to time.
If you find any policy change unacceptable, please contact us, and request that your personal information be removed from our active file.
Contact Information
Business Name:
The Cruise Experts Agency
Address:
111 South Court Street, Suite 102
Visalia, California
93291
USA
Phone:
559-625-5139
Fax:
559-738-5999
Website:
www.CruiseExperts.com
Support Email:
Helpful Cruise Line Information
If you've cruised before you probably have a favorite cruise line. Here at CruiseExperts.com we make it easy for you to sort through the cruise line of your choice for the best cruises at the best discounts on your favorite cruise line. Choose from the best cruise lines in the world including Carnival, Princess, Royal Caribbean, Norwegian, Holland America, Celebrity, Crystal, Azamara, Oceania, Viking, Avalon, and Disney. You can be confident that you'll get the cheapest cruise price possible with concierge like service from our cruise experts here at CruiseExperts.com. View information on your favorite cruise line.
Best Cruise Deals and Discounts sorted by your dream destination
Sometimes it's all about the destination and that is certainly true of cruise destinations. The cruise port you depart from and the amazing cruise ports you visit define your experience as much as what cruise line or cruise ship you sail on. At CruiseExperts.com we understand that and have sorted these cruises by the places you'll visit on your cruise vacation. So whether it's a cruise to Alaska, a Caribbean cruise, cruises to Hawaii, a cruise to the Bahamas or Bermuda or a cruise to Mexico you'll find it easily with the help of our destination wizard. Maybe you're looking for a cruise vacation that's just a little different like a Panama Canal cruise, a Transatlantic cruise, cruises to Europe, a Tahiti cruise with a tour of the South Pacific, a down under adventure with an Australia / New Zealand cruise or even a fall foliage cruise through Canada and New England. Whatever “floats your boat” get started by selecting your dream destination on our cruise search page.
Last Minute Cruises can sometimes be the cheapest cruise deal.
Sometimes, but not always, the cheapest cruise deal is a Last Minute Cruise. You won't get a wide selection of stateroom categories or a chance to select your stateroom location but if your schedule is flexible you just might find a cheap cruise price on a last minute cruise. Last minute cruises are cruises leaving in the next 90 days. The cruise line really wants to fill those last few staterooms and sometimes will offer them at a discount cruise price in exchange for you giving up your right to a full selection of cabin categories or deck locations. CruiseExperts.com makes it easy for you to poke around and see what's available in last minute cruise deals. View our Last Minute Cruise Deals by clicking here and give it a try. This is one of our most popular website features.
Cruise From Home and relax
Everyone knows that a cruise vacation is one of the most relaxing, hassle free vacations you can take. Imagine if you also didn't have to worry about traveling to start your vacation but could just drive up to a port near your home and get onboard your luxury cruise ship. Here at CruiseExperts.com we've made it easy to see which cruises start close to home. Get started with our Home Port widget by clicking on your home port below.
Cruises from Galveston
Cruises from New York
Cruises from Charleston
Cruises from Mobile
Cruises from San Juan, PR
Cruises from Vancouver
Cruises from Baltimore
Cruises from New Orleans
Cruises from Los Angeles
Cruises from Port Canaveral
Cruises from Seward
Cruises from Bayonne/C. Liberty
Cruises from Ft. Lauderdale
Cruises from Tampa
Cruises from San Francisco
Cruises from Anchorage
Cruises from Miami
Cruises from Boston
Cruises from San Diego
Cruises from Seattle
Cruises from Whittier
Popular Cruise Lines
Azamara Club Cruises
Carnival Cruise Lines
Celebrity Cruises
Costa Cruise
Cunard Line
Disney Cruise Line
Holland America Line
MSC Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line
Oceania Cruises
Princess Cruises
Royal Caribbean Cruise Line
Popular Luxury Cruises
Crystal Cruises
Regent Seven Seas Cruises
Seabourn
SeaDream Yacht Club
Silversea
Star Clippers
Windstar Cruises
Popular River Cruises
Ama Waterways
American Queen Steamboat Company
Avalon River Cruises
Uniworld River Cruises
Viking River Cruises
Connect with CruiseExperts.com
FacebookTwitterPinterestInstagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Site Map | Travel Partners Login | CST #2067420-40
Copyright 2020 CruiseExperts.com, All rights reserved.
CruiseExperts.com - The Original Online Cruise Experts
Don't Overpay for Your Cruise
Want to receive Exclusive Cruise Offers?
Join Our InnerCircle Newsletter Today!
(Hint Hint, You will Get An Added Bonus for Signing Up)
Did you mean ?
State / Province*  ABAKALARAZBCCACOCTDCDEFLGAHIIAIDILINKSKYLAMAMBMDMEMIMNMOMSMTNBNCNDNENHNJNLNMNSNTNUNVNYOHOKONORPAPEQCRISCSDSKTNTXUTVAVTWAWIWVWYYT
Age 55 or over:
We promise not to solicit your information to anyone!
Don't show this window again