http://cryptobrewology.com/privacy-policy/
Cryptobrewology.com uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit this website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this website. Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to users of Cryptobrewology.com based on the user’s visit to this site and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
To learn more about how Google uses information from websites or apps that use their service visit https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Users can also opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.
As an Amazon Associate the creator of Cryptobrewology.com earns from qualifying purchases. To learn more about how the Amazon Ad System collects and uses information for online advertising visit http://www.amazon.com/InterestBasedAds
Aside from the contact form Cryptobrewology.com does not directly gather or share any information about you, the site visitor. The only personal information gathered by the contact form are the visitor’s name and email address in order to facilitate correspondence between the visitor and a representative of this site. Information provided by the visitor is never shared, nor is it stored in any database.
Recent Posts
Waterline Brewing Loses One of Their Own
Snowy Trek – Queensbury to Ithaca
Old Windsor England and Runnymede
Beer and Bigfoot in Eastern New York
Newmarket to Ottawa Ontario Canada
Drinks Well With Others Tee
Search Cryptobrewology
Search for:
Great Gifts for Homebrewers, Beer and Wine Lovers in the Cryptobrewology Store!
Recent Posts
Waterline Brewing Loses One of Their Own
Snowy Trek – Queensbury to Ithaca
Old Windsor England and Runnymede
Beer and Bigfoot in Eastern New York
On Tap
Beer in the News
Cryptobrew News
Home Brewing Tips
In the Kitchen
Product Reviews
Road Trips and Brew Pubs
Cask Conditioned Archived Articles
Home Brew Suppliers Directory
Homebrew Recipes
Cryptobrewology Videos
Cryptobrewology Recommended Sites
Beer Advocate
Beer Forum
BeerSmith Homebrewing Blog
Blogville Blog Directory
Brew Dudes Homebrewing Blog
Chef John @ FoodWishes
Craft Beer Network
Flytrap Brewing – Wilmington NC
Front Street Brewery – Wilmington NC
Home Brewing Knowledge Base
HomeBrew Talk Forum
How to Brew by John Palmer
The Beer Borg
The Brewskie Report
Home
About Cryptobrewology
Road Trips Travel Blog
Road Trips Videos
Beer Book List
Cryptobrewology News
Beer in the News
In the Kitchen
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact