http://dds.georgia.gov/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
alert
:
All Customer Service Centers will be closed Jan. 14-16, 2021.
Online services & our app, DDS 2 GO, will not be available. We’ll reopen on Jan. 19th. Due to enhanced security features, all customers will be required to create new online accts beginning Jan. 19th.
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Thank you for visiting a web site designed and maintained by the Department of Driver Services. We design our websites to make Georgians' interaction with their State Government easier. As with all online resources, we appreciate any concern about our visitor's privacy. The State of Georgia is committed to preserving your privacy when you visit our sites.
This privacy statement addresses the collection, security and disclosure of information that may be obtained through the use of web sites maintained by the Department of Driver Services. This statement covers the following topics:
Information We Collect
Public Disclosure
Cookies
Google Tags
Security
For further information on Georgia.gov websites, please refer to privacy statement.
Information Collected
If you visit a web site maintained by the Department of Driver Services to read or download information, we may collect some or all of the following information:
The name of your domain; for example, "xyzcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account;
An IP address; a number automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site;
The pages you visit within The State of Georgia's web site(s); and
The links made to other web sites through this site.
This information is collected for statistical analysis using third party or proprietary software programs to create summary statistics. The statistics are used to determine what information is of interest to all visitors. It is also used to check system performance or problem areas. This information is not collected for commercial marketing purposes.
DDS-maintained websites will collect voluntarily-provided, personally identifiable information. Examples of personally identifiable information may include:
An e-mail address if you are communicating to us through e-mail
Information you voluntarily submit to the State of Georgia to complete or submit an application or form online (i.e. social security number, telephone, etc.)
Other information volunteered, like vendor profile/contact information, survey information or email content
Information collected, whether personally identifiable or not, is not limited to text characters. Information may include audio, video and other graphic formats you send us. Information is retained according to existing laws, rules, regulations, and other policies.
Public Disclosure
As a general rule, the DDS does not disclose any personally identifiable information collected online. We disclose this information only in the following cases:
when you have given us permission,
when the information is public under the Georgia Open Records Act O.C.G.A. § 50-18-70 et seq.,
when the information is subject to disclosure under other applicable laws,
when information is relevant to other governmental entities. For example, information provided to start the voter registration process will transfer to the Secretary of State.
Visitors should be aware that information collected by the State of Georgia on its websites may be examined and inspected. This happens if such information is a public record or not otherwise protected from disclosure. Additionally, personally identifiable information may be disclosed to a subpoena or court order issued by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Cookies
The DDS may occasionally use "cookies" to customize your browsing experience. Cookies are simple text files placed on your hard drive by websites that track your usage of that particular site. This generally occurs without your knowledge. They distinguish among visitors to the web sites, and allow customized features. One such feature is a "shopping cart" for online purchasing. Cookies created by using our web sites do not contain personally identifiable information and do not compromise your privacy or security. You can refuse the cookie or delete the cookie file from your computer at any time by using any one of a number of widely available methods.
Google Tags
This site uses Google pixel-based retargeting for advertising purposes. No personal data will be collected.
Security
DDS uses several tools, policies, and protocols to guard information submission on websites. Security measures are integrated into the design, implementation, and performance of the entire operating environment. These measures are part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content and its transfer. In certain instances, you will have the opportunity to receive or create a password to access or submit certain information. You should not divulge your password to anyone in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail. When you are finished with those applications that are password protected, it is always recommended that you close or otherwise exit the browser page. If you feel your password has been compromised, please contact the Department of Driver Services Help Desk between 8:00 AM and 4:00 PM, Monday - Friday at 678-413-8600.
Link Disclaimer
Web sites maintained by the Department of Driver Services may contain links to other web sites, including those owned or maintained by other government, private, or not-for-profit entities. Such links are provided for convenience and/or information purposes only. A link does not constitute an endorsement of content, viewpoint, policies, products or services of that web site Once you link to a web site not maintained by the Department of Driver Services, you are subject to the terms and conditions of that web site, including but not limited to its privacy policy.
The Department of Driver Services, the Georgia Technology Authority and their respective employees, officers, and agencies shall not be held liable for any losses caused by the reliance upon information accessed from web sites whose links are contained herein.
Information Disclaimer
Information provided on web sites maintained by the Department of Driver Services is intended to allow the public convenient access to public information. While all attempts are made to provide accurate, current and reliable information we cannot guarantee that the information will be error-free. Therefore, the State of Georgia, the Department of Driver Services, and their respective employees, officers and agencies expressly deny any warranty of the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published through their web sites and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance upon the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information. Any person who relies upon such information obtained from these web sites, does so at his or her own risk.
Trademarks, Service Marks, and Copyrights
All trademarks, service marks or copyrights appearing on this web site and other linked web sites are trademarks, service marks, or copyrights of their respective owners. Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. Sec. 512(c)(2), notice of claims of copyright infringement should be directed to the Office of General Counsel, 2206 Eastview Parkway, Conyers, GA 30013.
Usage of This Web site
The contents of this web site are published for information purposes only and are subject to change without notice. If services change or the Department of Driver Services opts to use personal information for purposes other than herein described, notice will be provided.
Unauthorized Usage
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information of service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under state and/or federal laws.
Access to Your Information
You may have access to any of the information we collect about you at this site.