https://deerhound.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Last updated November, 2019
Who we are
We are the Scottish Deerhound Club of America (Club), a club made up owners, breeders, and lovers of Scottish Deerhounds.  Our website address is: https://deerhound.org. Throughout this Privacy Policy we will refer to the Scottish Deerhound Club of America as “Club” and this web site as “Site.”
We care about your privacy and do not sell, trade your information with anyone. We do share your personal information with  the vendors necessary to operate our web site.
We are thoughtful about the personal information we ask you to provide and the personal information that we collect about you through the operation of our Site.
We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it.
We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information.
This Privacy Policy only applies to the Site, not to third parties which have their own Privacy Policies.
Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@deerhound.org
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Information you provide us
Contact forms
If you use the Contact Us form, we collect your name and email address.  We keep this information as long as it is needed to respond to your contact. We do not share, sell, or use it for marketing purposes.  If you request it, we will delete the information unless it is legally necessary for us to keep it.
Subscriptions
If you choose to subscribe to receive updates from our Site, we collect your email address.  You may choose to unsubscribe at any time by clicking on a link at the bottom of the email and your contact information will be deleted.
Submit a form to be listed on one of our pages
Our Site contains lists of various things which are of interest to Deerhound owners and breeders.  If you submit a form to be included in one of these lists, the information we collect may include your name, email address, or physical address as well as other personal information.  You may request that you be removed from the list at any time. To do so, please email us at admin@deerhound.org
Media
If you allow us to use your  images on the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Information which is collected automatically
The Site is hosted by Siteground which creates automatic back-ups of the web site. You can read their policies here.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use sometimes use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Log Information
Like many online sites, we use Jetpack  by Automattic to collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. Automattic’s Privacy Policy is available here. Jetpack Cookie info
We use Askimet by Automattic to check for spam emails. Automattic’s Privacy Policy is available here.
Usage Information
Through our use of  Jetpack and WordPress for operating our Site, we collect information about your usage of the Site. We also collect information about what happens when you use our Site. We use this information to get insights on how people use our Site, so we can make our Site better.
Location Information
We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our Site from certain geographic regions.
Who we share your data with
We do not sell our users’ private personal information.
We share information about you in the limited circumstances spelled out below and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy:
Affiliates, Volunteers, and Independent Contractors: We may disclose information about you to our Club, our volunteers, and individuals who are our independent contractors that need to know the information in order to help us provide our services or to process the information on our behalf. We require our affiliates, volunteers, and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Policy for personal information that we share with them.
Third Party Vendors: We may share information about you with third party vendors who need to know information about you in order to provide their services to us. This group includes vendors that help us provide our Site to you and those that help us understand and enhance our services (like analytics providers). We ask vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share information with them.
As Required by Law: We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request.
To Protect Rights and Property: We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of the Club, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical injury, we may disclose information related to the emergency without delay.
Business Transfers: In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Club goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events were to happen, this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information, but only consistent with this Privacy Policy.
With Your Consent: We may share and disclose information with your consent or at your direction.
Aggregated and De-Identified Information: We may share information that has been aggregated or reasonably de-identified, so that the information could not reasonably be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of our Site.
How We Use Information
We use information about you as mentioned above and as follows:
To further develop our Site–for example by adding new features that we think our users will enjoy.
To monitor and analyze trends and better understand how users interact with our Site, which helps us improve our Site;
To monitor and protect the security of our Site, detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, fight spam, and protect the rights and property of the Club and others;
To communicate with you about updates to the Site.
How long we retain your data
We generally discard information about you when we no longer need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it–which are described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information–and we are not legally required to continue to keep it.
What rights you have over your data
If you have submitted a contact form, subscribed for Site updates, or have submitted a form to be included on one our pages, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Form submissions may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Additional information
Transferring Information
The Site is available worldwide. By accessing or using the Site or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of information in and to the U.S. and other countries, which may have rights and protections that are different from those in your home country.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, the Scottish Deerhound Club of America may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Scottish Deerhound Club of America encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the change log below, and, in some cases, we may provide additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification through e-mail or your dashboard). Your continued use of the Services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your consent to such change.
Contact information
We may be reached at admin@deerhound.org
This privacy policy was adapted from one made available by Automattic
Established: May 2018
November, 2019 – added web site url.
What’s New?
New Books added to the reading list
Pictures for the Claymore
Sept/Oct Claymore Ads and Copy due 8/20
SDCA TARTAN
2021 SDCA National Specialty June 1 - 5, 2021
Howard Amon Park
Richland, WA
https://deerhoundspecialty.org
SDCA Health and Genetics Site Maintained by the SDCA Health and Genetics Committee.
News on Deerhound health issues and research.
Follow us on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/ScottishDeerhoundClubofAmerica/
Subscribe to deerhound.org
Enter your email address to subscribe to this site and receive notifications of changes by email.
Email Address
Subscribe
Search
Available Downloads
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Privacy and Cookie Policy