https://diamondwaterscaravanpark.com.au/privacy-policy/
Book Now
02 6559 9334
The Park
Facilities
Park Map
Pet Friendly
Gallery
Pricing
Sustainability
Booking Terms
Privacy Policy
Guest declaration
Accommodation
En-suite Cabins
The Cottage
Powered Campsites
Unpowered Campsites
Things to Do
News & Specials
News
Specials
Reviews
Residents
Permanents
Dwellings for Sale
Sites available for new homes
Community Rules
Feedback and complaints
Pet friendly living
Contact
Privacy Policy
By using this website, you agree to our Privacy Policy, which is set out below.  We recognise that your privacy is very important to you and that you have a right to control your personal information. We know that providing personal information is an act of trust and we take that seriously.
Overview of the business
The Ritchie Villages Group comprises Ritchie Villages Property Pty Ltd as trustee for Ritchie Villages Property Trust and Ritchie Villages Trading Pty Ltd as trustee for Ritchie Villages Trading Trust.
Ritchie Villages is an owner and operator  of housing and tourism accommodation. Ritchie Villages has two communities in NSW trading as Diamond Waters Caravan Park and Dunbogan Caravan Park.
Privacy commitment
Ritchie Villages is committed to protecting its employees’ and customers’ privacy and personal information irrespective of how that information has been provided.
Ritchie Villages is not legally bound by the Australian Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) which govern the way in which organisations (such as Ritchie Villages) hold, collect, use and disclose personal information but endeavours to act in accordance with these laws.
What do we collect?
Information collected by Ritchie Villages is used for the purpose for which it was primarily collected.  Information collected from our customers is used for managing our relationship with our customers, while information we collect from employees and individuals applying for employment is used to assist Ritchie Villages operate and manage its business.
The personal information that we collect, hold and use about you may include (but is not limited to):
Personal Identification and contact details;
Financial information, including pension and payment details;
Tax file and Medicare numbers;
Bank account details;
Health information such as private health care provider details; and
Next of kin and power of attorney details.
Cookies
A ‘cookie’ is a small data file placed on your machine or device which lets Ritchie Villages identify and interact more effectively with your computer. Cookies do not identify you, they simply allow Ritchie Villages to track usage patterns including date and time of day you access our website, browser type, browser language, the Internet Protocol (IP) address, number of hits, pages visited and length of user session. Apart from the IP address of the computer you are using, Ritchie Villages does not use cookies to collect any personal data about you, such as your name and email address, except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information.
Why do we collect?
Residents
Collection of personal information from a resident in a Ritchie Villages community allows us to make site agreement arrangements, collect site fees, communicate with you and complete other associated documents.  It also allows us to contact your next of kin in times of emergency.  Ritchie Villages maintains a personnel file for each resident.
Employees
Ritchie Villages collects information necessary to undertake its employment interview processes, comply with industrial legislation and taxation requirements, promptly pay salaries and wages, properly manage its business and in the event of an accident or emergency contact your next of kin.
Ritchie Villages maintains a personnel file for each employee to assist in the management of staff and operation of its business. This file contains a copy of the employee’s employment application, letter of offer, employment contract, most recent performance appraisals and any formal counselling and disciplinary documents. Other records associated with the administration of payroll and other employment matters may also be included in the file.
Short term holiday makers and semi-permanent residents
Ritchie Villages collects information such as your name and address, contact details, vehicle registration and your arrival and departure dates.  We are required to record this information under the Local Government (Manufactured Home Estates, Caravan Parks, Camping Grounds and Moveable Dwellings) Regulation 2005 and it also assists us in managing the security and safety of the community.  We collect credit card information and direct debit details from individuals renting cabins, powered or unpowered sites for short term holidays to collect payments.
Visitors
Ritchie Villages collects information including the visitor’s name, contact details and details of that visitor’s entry into, and exit from, the community.  This information assists us in managing the security and safety of the community and allows us to keep an accurate account of who is staying the community should an emergency arise.
Other
Ritchie Villages may use your details to manage our business operations (including insurances and legal obligations), help run our organisation and to market other products that we offer from time to time or to update you on developments within the existing business. If you would rather not have your personal information used for this purpose you should let us know via email or by contacting us.
How do we collect?
Personal information may be collected from you at the time or booking, via face to face interviews, application forms, correspondence (written and verbal), social media and newsletter subscriptions as well as other documentation.
In most cases and where possible, we collect your personal information directly from you.  If this is not practical, the information may be obtained from another person or entity.
Ritchie Villages will only collect personal information which is reasonably necessary to appropriately facilitate the provision of its services to you and appropriately operate and manage its business.
Use and disclosure of personal information
Personal information is not disclosed to any other person except in the following circumstances:
In the course of general business practice Ritchie Villages may outsource functions and these third parties may need to have access to personal information;
to anyone authorised by you to receive your personal information (your consent may be express or implied);
to organisations with whom Ritchie Villages has contracted to assist in providing services, such as professional advisers;
to anyone Ritchie Villages is required or permitted by law to disclose your personal information to; and
to any third parties involved in the organization or provision of your healthcare (such as your next of kin, general practitioner, specialist or carer).
Security
At all times we will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information collected and held by us is protected from misuse, loss, unauthorised access and disclosure. Much of this information is stored electronically in a secure environment. Any information that needs to be kept in hard copy is also protected via a range of measures including but not limited to:
access to information systems are controlled via access management procedures;
Ritchie Villages’ policies and procedures regarding keeping information secure, which all employees are bound by;
requiring all employees to complete training on information security and privacy as required;
Ritchie Villages regularly reviewing and monitoring compliance with policies and best practice.
Unfortunately there are inherent risks in transmitting information across the internet and Ritchie Villages does not have the ability to control security of information collected and stored on third party platforms.
Access and correction
You have the right to seek access to and/or correct the personal information Ritchie Villages holds about you if you believe it to be inaccurate or out of date.
If you are a guest or resident, you can arrange this by calling the Privacy Officer of Ritchie Villages (on the contact details listed below). Your request should include a detailed description of the information required. To ensure information is only disclosed to relevant people you may be asked to provide identification or in the case of a telephone call asked to verify your identity via several questions.
Employees can update their personal information by sending an email to accounts@ritchievillages.com.au for any changes to personal details such as bank accounts, email addresses and pay variations.
Employees who need verification of their employment and salary details must submit a written request to accounts@ritchievillages.com.au with at least one week’s notice. If you require such information to be released to a third party, your request must indicate that you authorise Ritchie Villages to release the required details.
Destruction
Personal information records are held for a period considered appropriate by Ritchie Villages. Should you cease to be a customer/investor/resident/employee of Ritchie Villages, any personal information which we hold about you will be held for the relevant retention periods required by law.
Enquiries and complaints
Customers who have a question or wish to complain about the treatment of their personal information should contact Ritchie Villages as set out below:
Privacy Officer
Telephone: 0400 070 125
Email: accounts@ritchievillages.com.au
Ritchie Villages will consider the question or complaint and acknowledge receipt within 5 working days and will provide a response within 30 days. Whilst we will do our best to answer your question or resolve your complaint, if you feel it remains unresolved or you wish for further investigation to take place you should contact:
Australian Information Commissioner
GPO Box 5218
Sydney NSW 2001
Subscribe to our Newsletter
First Name
Last Name
Email Address