https://directlinecruises.com/privacynotice.htm
Privacy Notice
Effective 10/12/05
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Direct Line Cruises website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive material. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
. Name
. Address
. Email Address
. Phone Number
. Credit/Debit Card Information
. (etc)
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email address to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit susch unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain inormation at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Acces Or Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at
1-800-352 8088 .
Cruise Search
Cruise |
Flights |
Hotels |
Cruise Tours
Any Destination
Any Date
Any Departure Port
Any Cruise Line
Any Cruise Ship
Loading
Loading
Loading
Loading
Loading
0 Cruises Found
Reset Form
0
1
2
3
4
5
Class:
Economy
Business Class
First Class
Limit number of connections
Non-stop flights
1 connection or less
2 connections or less
3 connections or less
Specify Connections:
Flight 1
Flight 2
Flight 3
Flight 4
Limit to specific airlines
Reset Form
Free Cruise Brochures!
Win a Free Cruise!
Cruise Blog
Cruise Facts
Cruise Forum
Cruise Reviews
Cruise Ships
Cruise Videos
Group Cruises
How to Book
Travel Insurance
Alaska Cruises
Asia Cruises
Australia Cruises
Bahamas Cruises
Bermuda Cruises
Canada Cruises
Caribbean Cruises
European Cruises
Hawaii Cruises
Mediterranean Cruises
Panama Canal Cruises
South America Cruises
Transatlantic Cruises
Azamara Club Cruises
Carnival Cruise Line
Celebrity Cruises
Crystal Cruises
Cunard Line
Disney Cruise Line
Holland America
Norwegian Cruise Line
Oceania Cruises
Princess Cruises
Regent Seven Seas
Royal Caribbean
Seabourn Cruise Line
Silversea Cruises
Viking River Cruises
Baltimore, MD
Bayonne, NJ
Boston, MA
Charleston, SC
Fort Lauderdale, FL
Galveston, TX
Jacksonville, FL
Houston, TX
Los Angeles, CA
Long Beach, CA
Miami, FL
New Orleans, LA
New York, NY
Port Canaveral, FL
San Juan, PR
Seattle, WA
Tampa, FL
Vancouver, BC
Car Service
Customer Support
Documents / Identification
Driving Directions
FAQS
Flights
Guest Registration
Hotels
Shore Excursions
Travel Insurance
View / Modify Reservation
Speak with an Expert24 Hour Online Booking
Call us today:
1-800-352-8088
Hours of Operation
Mon. - Thur. (10AM to 8PM)
Fri. - Sun. (10AM to 5PM)
DLC Newsletter
Sign up to join Direct Line Cruises e-newsletter, which contains cruise news, reviews and EXCLUSIVE cruise deals.
© 1995 Direct Line Cruises. All Rights.Sitemap