https://divegilboa.com/privacy/
Login Privacy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us Support
Privacy
PRIVACY STATEMENT Your privacy is important to Gilboa Quarry Inc..  This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Gilboa Quarry Inc. collects, and how Gilboa Quarry Inc. uses that personal information. Personal information collection Gilboa Quarry Inc. may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website including providing your personal details in comments, your email information, address and telephone numbers; Information that you provide using to register with the website including your personal information as in name, address telephone numbers and email addresses. Information about transactions carried out over this website including name, address and telephone  numbers and email addresses, information that you provide to subscribe to the website services name, address and telephone  numbers and email addresses; and any other information that you send to Gilboa Quarry Inc..
Using personal information Gilboa Quarry Inc. may use your personal information to:
administer this website; personalize the website for you; enable your access to and use of the website services; publish information about you on the website; send to you products that you purchase; supply to you services that you purchase; send to you statements and invoices; collect payments from you; and send you marketing communications.
Where Gilboa Quarry Inc. discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement. In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Gilboa Quarry Inc. may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights. Securing your data Gilboa Quarry Inc. will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Gilboa Quarry Inc. will store all the personal information you provide on its servers. Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology. Also, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world. You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information. Updating this statement Gilboa Quarry Inc. may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes. Other websites This website contains links to other websites. Gilboa Quarry Inc. is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party. Contact Gilboa Quarry Inc. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Gilboa Quarry Inc. treatment of your personal information, please write:
by email to info@divegilboa.com
Current Temps & Visibility Coming Soon!