https://diveaai.com/en/termsandconditions
The following Terms and Conditions apply to the use of this website as well as all transactions conducted through the site.
Copyright Clause
All content appearing on this website is the property of:
Aquatic Adventures, Inc.13830 W. Greenfield Ave Brookfield, WI 53005 Copyright © 2011-2019 Aquatic Adventures, Inc. All rights reserved.
As a user, you are authorized only to view, copy, print, and distribute documents on this website so long as (1) the document is used for informational purposes only, and (2) any copy of the document (or portion thereof) includes the following copyright notice: Copyright © 2011-2019 Aquatic Adventures, Inc. All rights reserved.
Trademarks
All brand, product, service, and process names appearing on this website are trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service, or process does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, or process by Aquatic Adventures, Inc. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of Aquatic Adventures, Inc. or any third party, except as expressly granted herein.
Use Of Site
This site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice. Aquatic Adventures, Inc. and its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Aquatic Adventures, Inc. believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Aquatic Adventures, Inc. and its subsidiaries.
Data Protection Policy
Our privacy policy is documented and maintained on our Privacy Policy page on this website at https://aai19742.evescuba.com/en/dataprotectionpolicy. Updates and changes to our privacy policy are posted whenever they are made to this page.
Shipping & Delivery
At this time, Aquatic Adventures, Inc. only ships merchandise to locations within the continental United States. The risk of loss and title for all merchandise ordered on this website pass to you when the merchandise is delivered to the shipping carrier. Currently, customers can select from the following list of shipping methods at checkout: UPS Ground, UPS 2nd Day Air, USPS Standard Rate, and Local Pickup. Please allow 7 - 10 business days shipping time.
Sales Tax
Aquatic Adventures, Inc. charges sales tax for merchandise ordered on this website and shipped to a location within the State of Wisconsin. No sales tax is charged for merchandise ordered on this website and shipped to a location outside of the State of Wisconsin. Responsibility for paying applicable sales tax outside of the State of Wisconsin pass to the customer making a purchase.
Return Policy
No Refunds. In-Store credit is allowed for normal merchandise returned in new, unused condition with original packaging within 30 days after purchase. Valid sales receipt required. For travel and charters booked with Aquatic Adventures, Inc. no refunds of any kind are allowed unless Aquatic Adventures, Inc. can resell the trip or charter spot. Aquatic Adventures recommends travelers purchase trip insurance through DiveAssure. See https://diveassure.com/en/home/ to purchase trip insurance.
Store Hours
Aquatic Adventures, Inc. store hours are:
Monday, Wednesday, Friday: 10:00 am to 7:00 pm Tuesday, Thursday: 10:00 am to 8:00 pm Saturday: 9:00 am to 6:00 pm Sunday:12:00 pm to 4:00 pm
Miscellaneous
EXCLUSION FOR NON-DIVERS AND DIVERS WITH LIMITED TRAINING All life support equipment sold on this site is intended solely for use by certified divers. Aquatic Adventures, Inc. will not be responsible for injuries resulting from improper use of equipment by untrained, poorly trained, or under trained individuals, or for the negligent use of dive equipment by any diver who fails to follow guidelines for safe diving as established by their respective training agency or safe practices adopted within the recreational or technical dive communities. Further, Aquatic Adventures, Inc. will not be responsible for any injuries resulting from the use of equipment sold on this site when it is used outside the specifications and limitations established by the manufacturer.
Aquatic Adventures, Inc. holds that anyone purchasing equipment on this site is familiar with its function and use. If a shopper is not familiar with the functionality of any equipment on this site, the shopper should not purchase that equipment or should call Aquatic Adventures, Inc. at (262) 938-6827 to arrange proper training before the equipment is used.
If you are not a certified diver and wish to scuba dive, call us at (262) 938-6827 to register for one of our upcoming classes taught by our professional staff.
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED Although the information on this website is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed in this website are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or jurisdictions. Aquatic Adventures, Inc. and the advertisers each reserve the right to limit the provision of their products or services to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction they so desire and to limit the quantities of any products or services that they provide. Any offer for any product or service made in the materials on this website is void where prohibited.
GOVERNING LAW In the event of litigation both parties agree that the Law of the State of business registration of Aquatic Adventures, Inc. shall apply and both parties shall consent to the jurisdiction of said State's courts, or in the event of diversity of citizenship, the United States District Court for the (District). Both parties expressly waive a trial by jury.
MISCELLANEOUS The Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Aquatic Adventures, Inc. with respect to this website. The Terms and Conditions supercede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written between you and Aquatic Adventures, Inc. with respect to this website. No modification of the Terms and Conditions shall be effective unless it is authorized by Aquatic Adventures, Inc. If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be contrary to law, then such provision(s) shall be constructed in a manner to closely reflect, as much as possible, the intentions of the parties, with the other provisions remaining in full force and effect.