http://dogbreeds.bulldoginformation.com/privacy.html
.
.
.
.
Home
Dog Breed Finder
Dog Breeds A to Z
Bulldog Breeds
Terriers
Hunting Dogs
Flock Guard Dogs
Water Dogs
Unusual Dog Breeds
Hypoallergenic Dogs
North American Dogs
British Dog Breeds
Scandinavian Dogs
German Dog Breeds
Turkish Dog Breeds
Asian Dog Breeds
Chinese Dog Breeds
Japanese Dog Breeds
Russian Dog Breeds
Finnish Dog Breeds
Hungarian Dog Breeds
Swiss Mountain Dogs
Romanian Dog Breeds
Laika Breeds
Sled Dogs
Guard Dogs
Hairless Dogs
Ridgeback Dogs
Popular Dog Breeds
New Dog Breeds
Privacy Policy
Dog Breeds of the World 2003-2009 © All rights reserved by
DogBreedsoftheWorld.org and Dogbreeds.bulldoginformation.com
Dog Breeds of the World > Privacy statement
Related Pages
Easiest dog breeds to housebreak
Easiest dogs to train
Calmest dog breeds
Custom Search
Dog Breeds of the World 2003-2009 © All rights reserved www.dogbreedsoftheworld.org and Dogbreeds.bulldoginformation.com.
Original idea, design and development by C. Marien-de Luca. Photos of the Dog Breeds of the World sphere of flags by
No part of canininformationlibrary.com may be copied, distributed, printed or reproduced on another website without the owner's written permission.
Recommended Books
The Encyclopedia of North American Sporting Dogs:
Written by Sportsmen for Sportsmen
by Steve Smith
More information
We respect your privacy. We do not send "cookies" to your computer or collect, use, store, and disclose data collected from our visitors, other than the anonymous data about general visitor trends and external referrers we learn from our website statistics. These statistics reports do not include identifiable information about our site's users.
However, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Our website displays Adsense for content ads served by Google. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. When you visit our website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on your browser. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. You may at any time opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
To provide additional information for our readers, or to raise funds for the site, we participate in certain, carefully selected, affiliate programs. You will find product links stemming from these affiliate programs all over the site. Earnings from them help to support this site.
If you send me an email message with a comment or question I will use your email address only to respond to you. If you send me a photo of your dog and it is published on our website I will publish your dog's name and your name only if they are included in the signature of your email. If you do not wish your name to appear under the photo, just mention it in the accompanying email. Of course, you may always use a pseudonym or just mention your initials. However, please note that for copyright reasons, photos sent anonymously from a temporary email address may, in case of doubt, be excluded from publication on our website.
About Dog Breeds of the World: About us | History | Privacy | Copyright | Contact
Partner websites: The Canine Information Library | www.dogbreedsoftheworld.org |