https://dubbomidstate.com.au/privacy-policy/
Book Now
+61 2 6882 1155
Privacy Policy
This online privacy statement is intended to inform you of the ways in which this website (“Site”) collects information, the uses to which that information will be put, and the ways in which we protect information you choose to provide us.
Use of this Site is subject to all applicable state and federal laws.
Information Collected
This Site collects two general types of information: (a) information you voluntarily provide to us, which may include personal information (such as your name, address, e-mail address, etc.), and (b) information we collect automatically when you visit this Site through cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
Information Voluntarily Provided by You
This Site will only collect personal information that you knowingly and voluntarily provide by, for example, responding to surveys, completing booking forms, sending e-mails, etc. It is this Site’s general practice to use personal information only for the purposes for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically stated on the Site. However, information collected through this Site may be subject to our obligation to respond to subpoenas or court orders.
Although this Site has security measures in place to protect personal information provided to us by users, users should also take steps to protect personal information by, for example, closing all web browsers after using the Site. Information disclosed in forums, testimonials and similar contexts may become public. Users should therefore exercise caution before disclosing personal information in such contexts.
When you engage in financial transactions at our Site, you may be asked for a credit card number. Unless otherwise noted on the Site, credit card transactions are processed and encrypted by 3rd parties external to this Site and the server that processes your credit card information is secure. Such information may also be saved by the 3rd party in an encrypted format or in their own internal systems. This Site does not process or otherwise store your credit card information in any way.
Updating Personal Information
You may correct, update, or remove the personal information provided to us through the use of the Site by submitting a request via the “Contact Us” link in the footer of the site.
Information We Collect Automatically
This Site collects information automatically through the use of cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs. This information does not include any personal information. We use this information primarily to monitor the use of this Site and to make improvements. We may share this data with partners in order to enhance the functionality of this Site.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small text files used to collect information about website activity. No personal information is collected through our use of cookies. This Site uses cookies for two main purposes: (a) to carry information about your current session at this Site from one web page to the next, and (b) to identify you on this Site on return visits.
You have the option of disabling or not accepting cookies by changing the preferences on your browser. If you opt to disable cookies, you will still be able to use certain sections of our Site. However, you will not be able to use any parts of this Site that requires a login (e.g. accessing secured content, posting to message boards, etc.).
Third Party Tracking Technology
This Site uses a tracking technology called Google Analytics to obtain Site usage information such as users’ Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, Internet domain and host names, browser software, and the date and time that the Site is visited. Data obtained through Google Analytics does not include and is not linked to any personal information. Data from Google Analytics allows us to monitor the use of this Site, understand how users find our Site, and improve the Site’s function and content.
Site usage data collected through Google Analytics is not shared with other Google products and tools. Our use of Google Analytics is in compliance with Google’s Terms of Service. Google provides more information about Google’s privacy practices and information on how to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking of your web browsing.
Server Logs
Our web servers routinely generate logs that contain the following types of information each time the Site is used:
The date, time and length of your visit.
The path taken through our Site and the browser being used.
The list of files downloaded and the amount of time spent viewing video or audio files.
The IP Address of the computer accessing our Site.
Any errors encountered.
This information is used primarily to monitor the functioning and integrity of the Site.
Links
This Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we do not control or claim any responsibility for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage users to read the privacy statements of each website they visit.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to receive communications from us. To remove yourself from any future communication, send an email to and include the following in the subject line of the message: UNSUBSCRIBE
Changes to Privacy Statement
If we make changes to our privacy statement, we will indicate such here on this page.
Disclaimer
Neither Dubbo Caravan, nor any of its employees, agents or individual trustees, shall be liable for any improper or incorrect use of information obtained through the use of this Site.
Consent
By using this Site you consent to the terms of this privacy statement.
Complaint Resolution Policy
All our customers have the right to contact the Energy & Water Ombudsman NSW (EWON) at any time for independent advice and assistance. However, we do hope you will contact us directly to allow us the opportunity to rectify any issues. EWON’s contact details are below.
Click Here to read the Complaint Resolution Policy
Energy & Water Ombudsman NSW
Freecall 1800 246 545
Freefax 1800 812 291
Post Reply Paid 86550, Sydney South NSW 1234
Email complaints@ewon.com.au
Website www.ewon.com.au
Questions and feedback
Your questions, comments and concerns are always welcome. Please send us your feedback regarding the privacy statement or any other issues via the “Contact Us” link in the footer of the site.
Make an Enquiry
It's finally time to see our great countryside again.... Come and stay..... choose from one of our cabins or book a site....
Please keep in mind social distancing (1.5m) and also the 1 person per 4sqm in communal areas around the park.