https://durangorafting.com/reservations/cancellation-policies
Skip to contentCancellation/Privacy Policies
Cancellation/Privacy PoliciesCancellationsWe pride ourselves on having the friendliest cancellation policy of any raft company in Colorado. We understand things happen called life and will work with you to the best of our ability.Mountain Waters reserves the right to make changes for safety reasons. We will make every effort to reschedule or move a trip to an appropriate and comparable one. If we are unable to safely reschedule the trip or if the change doesn’t work for your group we offer a refund in full.Full payment is required at time of reservation.100% refund less a 10% fee for cancellations made 48 hours before the trip.Trips can be rescheduled at no cost if made 48 hours in advance.No refunds for cancellations made less than 48 hours prior to trip date.If you have qualified for a group discount, cancellations must be received 7 days prior to the trip’s scheduled departure.Mountain Waters will not reimburse any travel costs.Cancellation Policy for trips with the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Train
We conform to the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad cancellation policy. Train ticket refunds/Cancellations are subject to a fee of $14.00 per adult ticket and $7.00 per child ticket if cancelled 5 days before your reserved date. There are no refunds issued on reservations cancelled less than 5 days before your reserved date.
Group Rates are given with the following conditionsFull payment is required at time of reservationPayment must be made by 1 group representative, not by the individual group participants.100% refund less a 10% fee for cancellations made 48hrs before the trip.Trips can be rescheduled at no cost if made 48hrs in advance.No refunds for cancellations made less than 48hrs prior to trip date.The group leader must please bring the completed assumption of risk form for everyone in the groupPrivacy Policy for Mountain Waters Rafting
We are dedicated to keeping your information private and secure. We have designed our software and have selected a respected hardware and service provider to ensure that your data is secure when communicating with us online. This Privacy Policy outlines how we keep your information secure and what information we store on your personal computer.
Data Collection
We collect only the information needed to identify you for our reservation system which you either submit voluntarily by phone, email or reservation form. We store no payment information.
We will not collect, or ever will collect, additional personal information about you from your personal computer unless expressly given the permission to do so. By using our reservation tools, to manage and add additional information to your reservation, you are giving us expressed consent to store additional information about yourself. These tools will allow you to update your reservation information and are available to help make your online experience with us more enjoyable and efficient.
When ordering online with a credit card we do not store your credit card information on our servers. It is only available to us to process the transaction, which takes a matter of seconds.
Your personal information
We will not rent or sell any of your personal information to other companies or individuals. There are some limited circumstances in which we may disclose your information: If required by law or we believe in good faith that the information you have provided us is reasonably necessary to disclose to the appropriate authorities for the safety and protection of rights / property of our company, and its users.
In the event of a server relocation, or data relocation through electronic means, you consent to the transfer of your information whether domestic or foreign.
Outside links
We may, from time to time, offer you links to outside locations (even Websites not owned by us) to help you further understand our products or services we provide to you as a customer. Additional links may also be provided which may improve your experience with our website. We do not exercise control over the content of these websites. Additionally, outside sites may place cookies, or other software, on your personal computer which may be undesirable. If we provide a link which you feel is inappropriate, or has damaged your computer, please contact us to have it reviewed.
Security
The security of your information is very important to us. We use the 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your online order information. SSL technology encrypts your order information to protect it from being decoded by anyone other than us. In addition, it is our policy not to send your credit card number via e-mail. In fact, this is a practice we recommend you adopt in all of your Internet activities. While we implement these and other security measures on this site, please note that 100% security is not always possible.
Inquiries regarding privacy and security should be sent to:
Mountain Waters Rafting, Box 2681, Durango, CO 81302