http://easternusa.salvationarmy.org/use/privacy-policy
Who We Are
How We Help
Ways to Give
Volunteer
Stories
Careers
Contact
Employee or church member?Visit salmarycentral.org
Salvation Army Privacy Policy
Working to Protect Your Information
It is The Salvation Army's policy to respect and protect the privacy of our visitors. This policy statement tells you how we collect information from you and how that information is used and kept. Using the Internet should be a safe and enjoyable experience, and we take every precaution to make it so.
Users can visit our web site without revealing any personal information. If one chooses to provide personal information while on our web site for the purposes of correspondence, processing a request, or registering for an event, then it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information.
If users tell us that they do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact, we will respect those wishes. If users wish to review or correct the personal information we have collected, they should contact us to provide updated information. Occasionally, we look at the domains from which people visit us. We utilize this data to help us make improvements to our web site. This data is then properly discarded.
Use of Cookies
Certain sections of The Salvation Army web sites may use "cookies" to store user information. A cookie is a small string of text that a web site can send to your browser that is intended to enhance your visit. A cookie cannot retrieve data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture your email address. In general, cookies can securely store a user's ID and password specific to that web site, personalize home pages, identify which parts of a web site have been visited, or keep track of selections in a form or shopping cart.
Cookies help us understand which parts of our web sites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how long they spend there. We use cookies to study traffic patterns on our web site so we can make suitable improvements to our web site and provide you with a better user experience. Our cookies will not provide The Salvation Army with any information not related to our web site. Your browser, however, does automatically tell us the type of computer and operating system you are using.
Restrictions on Use of Materials
This web site is operated by The Salvation Army, USA Eastern Territory. No material from this web site or any web site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by The Salvation Army may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to The Salvation Army.
All materials contained on this web site are Copyright © The Salvation Army or are licensed or otherwise published by The Salvation Army with the permission of the owner of the material. All rights in such materials published with permission of the material’s owner are reserved to the respective owners.
External Links
Links to other web sites do not imply an endorsement of the materials disseminated at those web sites, nor does the existence of a link to another web site imply that the organization or person publishing at that web site endorses The Salvation Army. Links to other web sites are provided by The Salvation Army as a convenience to its visitors. The Salvation Army is not responsible for the materials contained on any web sites we provide links to nor can we guarantee that the links will be functional since we do not maintain those external/third party web sites.
Web Site User Agreement
If you have any questions about this User Agreement, contact The Salvation Army. If you do not agree with the terms of this User Agreement, you may not use our web site. The Salvation Army reserves the right to change this User Agreement at any time without notice.
How Your Information May Be Used
Notwithstanding any other provision, we may also engage a third party partner for the purposes of recognizing users and delivering them internet-based content and advertisements. We may share information about you with our vendors such as your name, postal address, email, device ID, or other identifier encrypted, hashed or de-identified form. Our vendors also may collect information from you such as your IP address and information about your browser or operating system; may combine our personal and non-personal information about you with information from other data sharing cooperatives in which we participate; and may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. These cookies contain no personally identifiable information; they may contain demographic or other data in de-identified form. To opt-out of third party cookies, please go tohttps://www.aboutads.info/choices.