https://edirectory.aushunt.com.au/terms
AUSHUNT -TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Before you use and receive any of the AusHunt services, it is important that you read, understand, and agree to the following terms and conditions.
This is a hunting website. Our forums and website contain pictures and articles that relate to hunting, some of these pictures may be distressing to some, you are hereby advised of this and therefore advised not to enter this site. If you choose to enter this website you forfeit any rights to complain or harrass the owners of this website with regard to hunting. Animal rights groups and or campaigners including enforcements agencies are advised that use of any material within this site are privileged. Comments and opinions expressed in this website are those of our valued members and not necessarily those of the administration at AusHunt.
AusHunt provides users with access to comprehensive on-line facilities including, search tools, business directory, products and services search. Unless stated otherwise, any new features and functions will be subject to the terms and conditions. The Publishers/Developers take all care in any developments and compiling of content. All comments and content are opinions of the contributors and not necessarily that of the Publishers/Developers.
YOUR REGISTRATION
For any parts of AusHunt that requires registration you agree to: provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself and maintain and update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. In particular to register, you must provide your real name and email address. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, AusHunt has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service.
Upon registering for some areas of the site you may be automatically subscribed to our emagazine or direct email list to receive announcements from the AusHunt site or administrators. You have the ability to unsubscribe from these email lists via submitting an email to notify us or by clciking 'unsubscribe' within the received material.
DISCLAIMER
AusHunt has not attempted to verify the qualifications or representations made by the businesses or persons profiled. By using this service you are agreeing to hold AusHunt and its promoters, developers, publishers and authors harmless in any dispute that may arise in a relationship that begins through a referral from this site. AusHunt does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of Content. Under no circumstances will AusHunt be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via the Service.
Please remember that we at AusHunt do not actively monitor the contents of the forum and are not responsible for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message. The messages express the views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of this Forum or any entity associated with this Forum. Any user who feels that a posted message, PM or email sent via this board is objectionable, they are encouraged to report it via PM to Forum Admin - AusHunter. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary. This is a manual process, however, so please realise that we may not be able to remove or edit particular messages immediately.
The AusHunt Forum does not and cannot review the messages posted and is not responsible for the content of any of these messages, we at the Forum reserve the right to delete any message for any or no reason whatsoever. You remain solely responsible for the content of your messages, and you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless with respect to any claim based upon transmission of your message(s).
We at this Forum also reserve the right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we know about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any message posted by you.
PRIVACY POLICY
AusHunt will not share any of its user information with other parties in Service.
SECURITY, PASSWORD AND MEMBER ACCOUNTS
You will receive a password and account designation upon completing the Service's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to: immediately notify AusHunt of any unauthorised use of your password or account or any other breach of security; and ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. AusHunt cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these terms and conditions.
MEMBER CONDUCT
You understand that all content, data, or other materials, whether public or private are the responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. This means that you and not AusHunt are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email or otherwise transmit via the Service.
You agree to not use the Service to: upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, sexually, ethnically or otherwise objectionable or vilifying; harm minors in any way; impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, AusHunt staff, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your Content, may involve: (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
COPYRIGHT
The articles and pictures that appear on this website are subject to copyright.
© Copyright - AusHunt 2019
All rights reserved. No part of this website/publication may be reproduced by any process, electronic or otherwise, in any material form or transmitted to any other person or stored electronically in any form, without the prior written permission of AusHunt Administration staff, except as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968. In particular, the user of the Data agrees:
1. to retrieve documents for information only; 2. to save or print a single copy for personal use only and not to reproduce any major extract or the entire document without the prior written permission of AusHunt. 3. to acknowledge that the Data is provided by AusHunt. This will also apply to another web site or Internet Service Provider who establishes a link to this Website;4. not to make any charge for providing the Data to another person without the prior written consent of AusHunt and payment of an agreed copyright fee;5. to include this copyright notice and disclaimer in any copy made;6. not to modify the Data without the express prior written permission of AusHunt.
By submitting your photos you agree that AusHunt can use any pictures in future promotional material or site development free of charge and without authorisation.
Sign In with Facebook
Sign In with Google
or
Remember me
Forgot your password?
Log In
By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.