https://eley.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms and conditions#loveELEY2018-04-17T14:14:21+00:00
ELEY tenex challenge – conditions of promotion
1. the promotion
1.1 The ELEY tenex challenge promotion (the “Promotion”) gives participants the opportunity to compare the performance of their non-ELEY .22LR ammunition (“competitor ammunition”) against ELEY’s new .22LR ammunition tenex range which include ELEY tenex, ELEY tenex pistol & ELEY tenex pistol slow (“test ammunition”) and if the participant’s competitor ammunition performs better than ELEY’s test ammunition when comparing the 40 shot consolidated score using ELEY’s test software, then ELEY will give the participant 5,000 rounds of the closest matched tenex ammunition (“free ammunition”) ($1900.00 in market value), subject to the following terms.
1.2 Participants must bring their own pistol or rifle and exactly 100 rounds of competitor ammunition to their appointment (as defined in paragraph 2.3 below). Upon arrival at their appointment, ELEY shall provide participants with the ELEY test ammunition free of charge, subject to paragraph 2.2.
1.3 A participant’s pistol or rifle will be placed in a gemini vice system (note that only the barrel and action shall be placed into the vice and not the whole stock).The gemini will be set to a torque setting of 6Nm unless specified differently by the participant. The participant will shoot 40 rounds of competitor ammunition and 40 rounds of up to 20 batches of test ammunition at his/her appointment. ELEY will then compare the 40 shot consolidated score of the competitor ammunition and the approx. 20 batches of test ammunition to assess whether the participant is entitled to free ammunition.
2. entry and eligibility
2.1 ELEY Limited, Marketing Department, Selco Way, Off First Avenue, Minworth Industrial Estate, Minworth, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, B76 1BA (“ELEY”) is the promoter of this Promotion.
2.2 This Promotion opens on 1 April 2015 and shall runs until 31st December 2017 (“Term”), subject to paragraph 4.8 below.
2.3 To enter this Promotion, a participant must make an advanced booking at one of ELEY’s 3 test ranges detailed in paragraph 2.5 below (an “appointment”) and their appointment must be booked during the Term (as defined in paragraph 2.3) above. Participant’s may book an appointment by completing an online form, phone or email.
2.4 All appointments at test ranges are subject to availability. In the event a participant’s desired appointment is unavailable ELEY shall use its reasonable endeavours to book the participant an alternative appointment.
2.5 ELEY’s 3 test ranges are:
2.5.1 Selco Way Minworth, Sutton Coldfield, Birmingham, England B76 1BA (“UK Range”)
2.5.2 Within Norgren, Stuttgarter Straße 120, 70736 Fellbach, Germany (“Germany Range”)
2.5.3 5999 U.S. Hwy 83 Winters, Texas 79567, USA (“USA Range”)
2.5.4 4. Dyrskuevegen 11KlØfta 2040 Oslo Norway (“Norway range”)
2.6 The test ammunition is subject to availability and whilst ELEY shall use its reasonable endeavours to ensure there is sufficient test ammunition available at each appointment, ELEY shall not be liable for any failure to provide the required amount of test ammunition to a participant due to stock shortages. In the event a participant cannot proceed with his/her appointment due to a shortage of test ammunition, ELEY shall use its reasonable endeavours to book the participant an alternative appointment.
2.7 This Promotion is only open to individuals aged 18 years or over who have a valid firearms licence at the time of their appointment. Participants will be required to show their firearms licence upon arrival at their appointment. Participants in the United States must be 21 years of age or older to be eligible for participation in the Promotion or receiving free ammunition. Any individual who is prohibited by U.S. federal law (18 USC 922) under applicable Texas state law or local ordinance from possessing or receiving any firearm or ammunition is not eligible for participation in the Promotion in the USA Range.
2.8 This Promotion is not open to employees (or members of their immediate families) of ELEY Limited, or any subsidiary or holding company of ELEY Limited.
2.9 No purchase of ELEY tenex ammunition is necessary to enter into this Promotion and participants will not be charged for their appointment, subject to the paragraph immediately below.
2.10 Participants who book their appointment at the USA Range will be charged $45 immediately after their appointment should their competitor ammunition fail to outperform the test ammunition when comparing the 40 shot consolidated score.
2.10 Participants who book their appointment at the Norway Range will be charged 1290 NOK immediately after their appointment should their competitor ammunition fail to outperform the test ammunition when comparing the 40 shot consolidated score.
2.11 ELEY will not be liable for any costs a participant incurs, including airfare and lodging, in participating in this Promotion.
2.12 They is a minimum score of 420 points for 40 shots of the competitor ammunition. If a barrel is tested with the competitor control batch and does not score 420 or above then the test is not eligible for the ELEY tenex challenge. .
3. free ammunition
3.1 ELEY will not ship the free ammunition to countries on the UK Current Arms Embargoes and Other Restrictions List (https://www.gov.uk/current-arms-embargoes-and-other-restrictions) as amended from time to time.
3.2 Subject to the paragraph immediately above and paragraph 19), if a participant is entitled to receive the free ammunition, ELEY will ship the participant’s free ammunition to the participant’s nearest ELEY authorised distributor (“Distributor”) within 12 months of the participant’s appointment, provided the participant can lawfully hold the free ammunition on his/her firearms licence. To the extent a participant is entitled to receive the free ammunition, but can not lawfully hold all 5,000 rounds of free ammunition on his/her firearms licence, ELEY shall ship the number of rounds of free ammunition which the participant can lawfully hold on his/her firearms licence and in such event the participant shall have no right to claim any additional free ammunition from ELEY.
3.3 The participant must collect the free ammunition from the Distributor and pay any import duties incurred by the Distributor when importing the free ammunition on behalf of the participant (such import duties to be agreed between the participant and the Distributor). The Distributor will not release the free ammunition until all agreed import duties are paid by the participant.
3.4 All free ammunition will be shipped from the UK unless the participant’s appointment was at the USA Range (in which case the free ammunition will be shipped from within the USA and in which case the participant will not be responsible for paying any import duties incurred by the Distributor).
3.3 If a participant has his/her appointment at the USA Range and becomes entitled to receive the free ammunition, then ELEY will only deliver the free ammunition to Distributors situated in the USA, regardless of where the participant’s nearest Distributor is situated. By claiming free ammunition from Distributors, the Participant represents that they are not prohibited from receiving free ammunition pursuant to the Gun Control Act (18 U.S.C.922) and Texas state law or local ordinance.
3.4 The free ammunition will not be transferable to another person and the free ammunition is not exchangeable for cash or any other goods.
4. General
4.1 In this Promotion, ELEY’s decision will be final, and no correspondence will be entered into with any participants.
4.2 ELEY’s supply of any free ammunition shall be subject to ELEY’s terms and conditions of sale . To the extent there is any conflict or inconsistency between these terms and ELEY’s T&Cs, these terms shall prevail.
4.3 Any information, including any personal data, provided by a participant upon registering to participate in this Promotion (or otherwise provided during this Promotion) will be held and used by ELEY in accordance with ELEY’s privacy policy which can be found at http://www.ELEY.co.uk/en/privacy-policy/ (“ELEY’s Privacy Policy”).
4.4 By entering this Promotion, all participants will be deemed to have accepted and be bound by these terms and ELEY’s Privacy Policy.
4.5 ELEY does not guarantee the performance of any contractual or other obligations of any third parties associated with this Promotion and shall not be liable for any fraud committed by any third party. ELEY will not be liable for failure or delay in delivery or performance of their obligations under these terms in the event of any unforeseen cause beyond its control.
4.6 To the fullest extent permitted by law, ELEY excludes all liability whatsoever to participants in relation to this Promotion and any free ammunition provided.
4.7 Save where ELEY has been negligent, ELEY shall in no way be liable for any injuries, losses, damages or expenses suffered or incurred by any participant, as a direct or indirect result of participating in this Promotion or claiming the free ammunition.
4.8 ELEY reserves the right to modify, suspend or cancel this Promotion without any prior notice should ELEY be unable to continue with this Promotion for reasons outside of ELEY’s reasonable control. ELEY may also disqualify any participant if they do not comply with these terms or on any other reasonable grounds.
4.9 If any provision of these terms shall be found to be void or contrary to law, such term shall be deemed to be severable from the other terms and provisions herein, and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in effect.
4.10 Participants should retain a copy of ELEY’s conditions of sale – ELEY Ltd. and Accles & Shelvoke Ltd
4.11 Failure by ELEY to enforce any of its rights at any stage does not constitute a waiver of those rights.
4.12 These terms shall be governed by English law and the courts of England shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction.
website terms & conditions of sale
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms and conditions on which we supply to you any of the products (the “Products“) listed on our websites, www.eley.co.uk, www.eleyammunition.com and/or www.eleyammunition.co.uk (our “Sites” and each a “Site“). Please read these terms and conditions carefully and make sure you understand them, before ordering any Products from any of our Sites. You should understand that by ordering any of our Products, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
If purchasing Products, you should print and retain a copy of these terms and conditions for future reference.
You will see that at the end of the ordering process there is an “Order” button – by clicking this button and proceeding with your order you are accepting these terms and conditions. Please click this “Order” button only if you accept them. However, please understand that if you refuse to accept these terms and conditions, you will not be able to order any Products from our Sites.
1. about us and our online store
We operate the websites www.eley.dev, www.eleyammunition.com and www.eleyammunition.co.uk. We are ELEY Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 01640035 and with our registered office at Selco Way off First Avenue, Minworth Industrial Estate, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, B76 1BA, United Kingdom. Our VAT number is 197 5830 57.
2. questions and customer service
If you have any questions or comments about the online store, please email us at sales@eley.co.uk or contact us using the details below:
ELEY Limited
Selco Way off First Avenue
Minworth Industrial Estate
Sutton Coldfield
West Midlands
B76 1BA
United Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0)121 313 4567
Fax: +44 (0)121 313 4568
3. countries we accept orders from
Our Sites have a restricted use. We will not service residents in the countries listed in table 1 (Countries we do not service ).
4. your status
By placing an order for Products though our Site(s), you warrant that:
you are legally capable of entering into binding contracts;
you are at least 18 years old;
you are a resident in one of the Serviced Countries;
you are requesting that the Products are delivered to a location in of the Serviced Countries; and
you are accessing our Site(s) from that country
5. how the contract is made between you and us
5.1 After placing an order, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order. Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted.
5.2 Your order constitutes an offer to purchase the Products from us. By completing and submitting the order you are making an offer to purchase the Products selected which, if accepted by us, will result in a binding contract.
5.3 All orders are subject to availability and are subject to acceptance by us. We will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you a separate e-mail that confirms that payment for the Products has been taken from you (the “Confirmation E-mail”). The contract between you and us (the “Contract”) will only be formed when we send you the Confirmation E-mail.
5.4 Following the Confirmation Email we will then send you a separate e-mail that confirms that the Products have been dispatched to you (the “Dispatch Email”).
5.5 The Contract between you and us will only relate to those Products whose payment has been confirmed in the Confirmation E-mail and dispatch we have confirmed in the Dispatch E-mail. We will not be obliged to supply any other Products which may have been part of your order until the payment for such Products has been confirmed in a separate Confirmation E-mail.
6. disclaimer
6.1 Please note that in some cases, we accept orders as agents on behalf of third party sellers. The resulting legal contract is between you and that third party seller, and is subject to the terms and conditions of that third party seller, which they will advise you of themselves. This will be brought to your attention at the time of placing your order and you should carefully review their terms and conditions, which will apply to that sale.
6.2 We may provide links on our Site(s) to the websites of other companies, whether affiliated with us or not. We cannot give any undertaking that products you purchase from third party sellers through our Site(s), or from companies to whose website we have provided a link on our Site(s), will be of satisfactory quality, and any such warranties are disclaimed by us absolutely. This disclaimer does not affect your statutory rights against the third party seller. We will notify you when a third party is involved in a transaction, and we may disclose your customer information related to that transaction to the third party seller.
6.3 If you would like information about your legal rights you should contact your local trading standards or citizens advice bureaux.
7. our returns policy
7.1 If you change your mind about any of the Products you have ordered, you may cancel a Contract within 7 working days of you receiving the Products. In this case, you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the Products in accordance with our refunds policy set out at clause 8.1 below.
7.2 If you wish to cancel a Contract, you should inform us in writing at the address or e-mail address shown above, and return the Products to us in their original packaging and in the same condition in which you received them.
7.3 This clause 7 does not affect your rights under law.
8. our refunds policy
8.1 If you return the Products in accordance with clause 7.1, we will refund the full cost of the Products as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day you have given notice of your cancellation.
8.2 Within each despatch is a returns form. This form must be clearly filled in to indemnify the purpose of the return. For customers who reside in the countries listed in Table 2 (free Return Countries) a free post sticker can be attached to the return and posted back to ELEY Ltd via local postage services. All goods returned using this service require the sender to gain proof of postage. In the case where a return goes missing, if a proof of return cannot be shown the items will not be refunded.
8.3 If you reside in a country not list on table 2 and wish to return a product. The product will need to be returned at the cost of the customer and clauses 8.4-8.7 will apply.
8.4 If you would like to exchange a Product you have bought (other than because it is defective, for example, because you have bought the wrong sized item), you must notify us via e-mail within 7 days of receipt of the original item and return the original item to us within 7 days of receipt. Provided that the original Product is returned to us in a suitable saleable condition (as determined by us), we will refund the full cost of the original Product within 30 days of the day we receive your returned item. You must then place a new order with us for the replacement Product. We will not refund the cost of the original postage and packing incurred. However, provided that the original Product is returned in a suitable re-saleable condition (as determined by us) and you provide us with proof of the amounts incurred, we will refund to you the cost of postage and packing incurred by you in returning the original Product to us.
8.5 If you return a Product to us for any reason other than changing your mind in accordance with clause 7.1 and other than where you would like to exchange a Product in accordance with clause 8.4 (for example, because you claim that the Product is defective), we will examine the returned Product and will notify you of your refund or right to a replacement via e-mail within a reasonable period of time. We will process the refund or replacement due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day we confirmed to you via e-mail that you were entitled to a refund or replacement for the defective Product. If you would like a replacement Product instead of a refund, you must notify us via e-mail or phone within 7 days of the day we confirmed to you via e-mail that you were entitled to a refund or replacement. If we do not hear from you within the period, we will process a refund in accordance with these terms.
8.6 Products returned by you because of a defect will be refunded in full, including a refund of the delivery charges for sending the item to you and the cost incurred by you in returning the item to us. Alternatively, if a replacement item is requested by you instead of a refund, we will dispatch this replacement Product to you free of charge, with no charge for postage and packaging of the replacement item, and will refund to you the cost incurred by you in returning the defective item to us. Any replacement Product will replace your right to a refund for the defective Product.
8.7 We will usually refund any money received from you using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase.
9. delivery
9.1 Your order will be fulfilled by the delivery date set out in the Confirmation E-mail or, if no delivery date is specified, then within 30 days of the date of the Confirmation E-mail, unless there are exceptional circumstances. We can only deliver to addresses within the Serviced Countries.
9.2 If necessary, Products may be dispatched in two (or more) separate packages and may arrive on separate days.
9.3 If you have not received the Products within 10 days of the delivery date set out in the Dispatch E-mail please contact us at the address or e-mail address shown above.
10. price and payment
10.1 The price of any Products will be as quoted on our Site(s) from time to time (except in cases of obvious error) and exclude postage and packing costs, which will be added to the total amount due.
10.2 Our Product prices include VAT. However, if the rate of VAT changes between the date of your order and the date of delivery, we will adjust the VAT you pay, unless you have already paid for the Products in full before the change in VAT takes effect.
10.3 Product prices and postage and packing costs are liable to change at any time, but changes will not affect orders in respect of which we have already sent you a Confirmation E-mail.
10.4 Our Site(s) contain a number of Products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the Products listed on our Site(s) may be incorrectly priced. We will normally verify prices as part of our dispatch procedures so that, where a Product’s correct price is less than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount when dispatching the Product to you. If a Product’s correct price is higher than the price stated on our Site(s), we will normally, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before dispatching the Product, or reject your order and notify you that we are rejecting it.
10.5 If the pricing error is obvious and unmistakeable and could have reasonably recognised by you as an error, we do not have to provide the Products to you at the incorrect (lower) price.
10.6 Payment for all Products must be by credit or debit card. We accept payment with Mastercard, Visa Debit, Visa Delta, Visa Connect, Visa, Switch, Solo and JCB.
11. import duty
11.1 If you order Products from our Site(s) for delivery outside the UK, they may be subject to import duties and taxes which are levied when the delivery reaches the specified destination. You will be responsible for payment of any such import duties and taxes. Please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount. Please contact your local customs office for further information before placing your order.
11.2 Please also note that you must comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the country for which the products are destined. We will not be liable for any breach by you of any such laws.
12. risk and title
12.1 The Products will be your responsibility (and at your risk) from the time of delivery to the address you have specified.
12.2 Ownership of the Products will only pass to you when we receive full payment of all sums due in respect of the Products, including any delivery charges, or on the date when the Products are delivered to you, whichever is the later.
13. our liability
13.1 We warrant to you that any Product purchased from us through our Site(s) is, on delivery, of satisfactory quality, conforms to its description and is reasonably fit for all the purposes for which Products of that kind are commonly supplied.
13.2 Our liability for losses you suffer as a result of us breaking this Contract is strictly limited to the purchase price of the Product you purchased and any losses which are a foreseeable consequence of us breaking the Contract. Losses are foreseeable where they could be contemplated by you and us at the time your order is accepted by us.
13.3 This does not include or limit in any way our liability to you for:
13.3.1 death or personal injury caused by our negligence;
13.3.2 fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
13.3.3 defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987;
13.3.4 any breach of the obligations implied by section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 or section 2 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982; or
13.3.5 any matter for which it would be illegal for us to exclude, or attempt to exclude, our liability.
13.4 Subject to clause 13.3, we are not responsible for indirect losses which happen as a side effect of the main loss or damage and which are not foreseeable by you and us, including but not limited to:
13.4.1 loss of income or revenue;
13.4.2 loss of business
13.4.3 loss of profits or contracts; or
loss of data
provided that this clause 13.4 shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property that fall within the terms of clause 13.1 or clause 13.2 or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of categories of this clause 13.4.
13.5 Where you buy any Product from a third party seller through our Site(s), the seller’s individual liability to you will be set out in the seller’s terms and conditions.
14. communications between us and you
Applicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing. When using our Site(s), you accept that communication with us will be mainly electronic. We will contact you by e-mail or provide you with information by posting notices on our Site(s). For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
15. privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will collect information from you so that we can process orders and provide the best service possible. When you give us your credit card details and other information, this information is treated securely. Any information that you give to us whilst using our online store will be dealt with in accordance with our privacy policy.
16. notices
All notices given by you to us must be given to us at the address or e-mail address shown above. We may give notice to you at either the e-mail or postal address you provide to us when placing an order, or in any of the ways specified in clause 14 above. Notice will be deemed received immediately when posted on our website, 24 hours after an e-mail is sent, or three days after the date of posting of any letter. In proving the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove, in the case of a letter, that such letter was properly addressed, stamped and placed in the post and, in the case of an e-mail, that such e-mail was sent to the specified e-mail address of the addressee.
17. transfer of rights and obligations
17.1 The Contract between you and us is binding on you and us and on our respective successors and assignees.
17.2 You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of a Contract, or any of your rights or obligations arising under it, without our prior written consent.
17.3 We may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of a Contract, or any of our rights or obligations arising under it, at any time during the term of the Contract.
18. general
18.1 We shall not be liable to you for any delay or non-performance of our obligations under a Contract arising from any cause or causes beyond our reasonable control including without limitation any of the following: act of God, governmental act, strikes, war, fire, flood, explosion or civil commotion.
18.2 If we fail, at any time during the term of a Contract, to insist upon strict performance of any of your obligations under the Contract or any of these terms and conditions, or if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled under the Contract, this will not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies and will not relieve you from compliance with such obligations.
18.3 No waiver by us of any breach of these terms and conditions shall be considered as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision.
18.4 These terms and conditions and any document expressly referred to in them (including any Confirmation E-mail or Dispatch E-mail) set out the entire agreement between you and us. They supersede any previous agreement or understanding and may not be varied except in writing between you and us. We each acknowledge that, in entering into a Contract, neither of us relies on any representation or warranty (whether made innocently or negligently) that is not set out in these terms and conditions or the documents referred to in them.
18.5 If any court or competent authority decides that any of the provisions of these terms and conditions or any provisions of a Contract between us are invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, the term, condition or provision will, to that extent only, be severed from the remaining terms, which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.
18.6 We may revise or amend these terms and conditions from time to time. You will be subject to the terms and conditions in force at the time that you order Products from us, unless we notify you of the change to these terms and conditions before we send you the Confirmation E-mail (in which case we have the right to assume that you have accepted the change to these terms and conditions, unless you notify us to the contrary within 14 working days of receipt of the Products).
18.7 A person who is not party to these terms and conditions or a Contract shall not have any rights under or in connection with them under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
18.8 The interpretation, construction, effect and enforceability of these terms and conditions or a Contract shall be governed by English Law, and you and we agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts for the determination of disputes.
table 1 countries we do not service
Afghanistan
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia Herzegovina
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central Africal Republic
Chad
China
Comoros
Congo – Democratic Republic
Congo – Republic of
Côte d’Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Crimea
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Djibouti
Dominica
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Fiji
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kyrgyz Republic
Laos
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Macau – S.A.R.
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar (Burma)
Nepal
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
North Korea – (Democratic People’s Republic of Korea)
Pakistan
Palestine Authority/Gaza
Papua New Guinea
Russia
Rwanda
Samoa
Sao Tome
Senegal
Serbia
Sierra Leone
Solomon Islands
Somalia
Sri Lanka
St Lucia
St Vicent
Sudan
Swaziland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor
Togo
Tonga
Tunisia
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Vojvodina
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
table 2 free return countries
Austria
Belgium
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom
conditions of sale – ELEY Ltd. and Accles & Shelvoke Ltd. – October 2010
1. interpretation
1.1 In these conditions:
“Buyer” means the person, firm or company placing an Order for Goods with the Seller;
“Conditions” means the standard terms and conditions of sale set out in this document and includes any special conditions agreed in writing between the Buyer and the Seller;
“Contract” means an Order for Goods which, if accepted by the Seller, will together with these Conditions, form the contract;
“Ex Works” means “ex works” as defined in the edition of the rules for interpretation of trade terms known as Incoterms current as at the date of the Order;
“Force Majeure” means any cause inhibiting or preventing the Seller from performing any or all of its obligations which arises from or is attributable to acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond the reasonable control of the Seller; including, but not limited to, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes (whether involving the workforce of the party so prevented or of any other party); acts of God, pandemic, explosion, riot, civil commotion; death of royalty; malicious damage; damage, destruction or denial of access to premises; governmental actions, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation, direction or requirement; the effect of import or export regulation; accident, fire, flood, or storm or other natural disaster or default of suppliers or sub-contractors; war, civil war, national emergency, armed conflict or terrorist attack; nuclear, chemical or biological contamination or sonic boom or by reason of any act done or not done pursuant to a trade dispute or restraints or delays affecting carriers or inability or delay in obtaining supplies of adequate or suitable materials or labour or breakdown of machinery;
“Goods” means the goods which are the subject of an Order;
“Group of Companies’ means the group of companies comprising the Buyer or the Seller (as the case may be) and all companies which are from time to time its subsidiaries, holding companies or subsidiaries of such holding companies (“subsidiary” and “holding company” to have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Companies Act 2006);
“Order” means an order placed by the Buyer on the Seller for the supply of Goods (as amended from time to time in or accordance with these Conditions);
“Price” means the price quoted by the Seller to the Buyer for the Goods (as adjusted from time to time in accordance with these Conditions);
“Seller” means the company which has provided a quote and/or upon which an Order is placed; and
“Warranty Period” means a period of 12 months from the date of Delivery of Goods.
2. formation of contract
2.1 All quotations, offers and tenders are made and all Orders are accepted by the Seller subject to these Conditions. Except as otherwise provided in these Conditions, all other terms, conditions or warranties are excluded from any contract between the Seller and the Buyer unless expressly accepted in writing by the Seller (order acknowledgements do not constitute such acceptance). For the avoidance of doubt, any conditions of purchase submitted at any time by the Buyer shall not apply to this or any other Contract and any failure by the Seller to challenge any such conditions of purchase shall not imply acceptance by the Seller.
2.2 If there is a conflict between these Conditions and any other terms of the Seller’s quotation, offer, tender or acknowledgement of Order, such other terms shall prevail (to the extent of the conflict only).
2.3 Unless otherwise stated therein/all quotations given by the Seller shall be available for acceptance by the Buyer for a maximum period of 30 days from ELEY / Accles T&Cs October 2010 1 issue and may be withdrawn by the Seller at any time by written or oral notice.
2.4 An Order given by the Buyer is not binding on the Seller until accepted in writing or until the Seller makes Delivery under that Order (whichever occurs first).
2.5 Any statement or representation by the Seller its servants or agents upon which the Buyer wishes to rely must be set out in writing. Any statement or representation which is not so confirmed in writing is followed or acted upon entirely at the Buyer’s own risk.
2.6 Unless specifically agreed to the contrary, all trade terms shall be interpreted in accordance with the version of the Incoterms applicable as at the date of the Order.
2.7 The Seller shall be entitled to cancel an Order at any time by serving notice in writing on the Buyer if it does not receive, on request, satisfactory (in the Seller’s sole opinion) credit references in relation to the Buyer. If the Seller cancels an Order pursuant to this Clause 2.7 it shall have no liability whatsoever for any liabilities, losses, damages, costs or expenses whatsoever incurred, suffered or paid by the Buyer as a result of or in connection with such cancellation.
3. price
3.1 The price for the Goods shall (subject to Clause 2.3) be the price quoted by the Seller or where no price has been quoted or a quoted price is no longer valid, the price listed on the Seller’s standard UK price list current at the date of the Order (“Price”).
3.2 Unless otherwise agreed in writing, all Prices are quoted net Ex-Works exclusive of VAT and any other taxes, duties or levies payable in respect of the Goods. If the Seller agrees to Deliver the Goods otherwise than at its own premises, the Buyer shall pay all transportation and insurance costs and other charges incurred by the Seller in making or arranging such Delivery.
3.3 Where the Seller Delivers or arranges Delivery of the Goods, the Buyer shall be liable to the Seller for carriage costs and any demurrage costs incurred by the Seller if vehicles are unduly delayed at the place of Delivery.
3.4 Notwithstanding Clause 2.3, the Seller reserves the right to make reasonable adjustments to the Price at any time by giving the Buyer 14 days written notice in the event of any increases in the cost of labour or changes in the timescales for Delivery of the Goods, , quantities or specifications for the Goods requested by the Customer or any other changes affecting the cost of supplying the Goods which are beyond the reasonable control of the Seller (including, but not limited to, any foreign exchange fluctuation, currency regulation or alteration of duties).
3.5 The Seller reserves the right at any time prior to Delivery to increase the Price to reflect any increase in material and overhead costs to the Seller which is due to any factor beyond the control of the Seller. The Seller shall notify the Buyer as soon as reasonably practicable after such increase in the Price and shall allow the Buyer a period of not more than 14 days to decide whether or not they wish to proceed with the Order in light of the increased Price.
4. payment
4.1 The Seller shall (subject to Clause 4.8 and 4.9) be entitled to submit its invoice to the Buyer upon receipt of the Order or at any time afterwards, and these shall be payable by the Buyer in full in cleared funds by the earlier of (1) two working days prior to the date of Delivery, and (2) 30 days from the date of the invoice.
4.2 Where Goods are Delivered by instalments the Seller may invoice each instalment separately and the Buyer shall pay such invoices in accordance with these Conditions.
4.3 Subject to Clauses 4.8 and 4.9, if the Seller has agreed in writing in advance to extend the Buyer any terms of credit in respect of the supply of the Good all invoices shall be due and payable in full in cleared funds 30 days from the date of the invoice. In such circumstances, the Seller shall be entitled to submit its invoice to the Buyer upon Delivery of the Goods or at any time afterwards except that, where Delivery has been postponed at the request of or by the default of the Buyer, the Seller may submit its invoice at any time after the Goods are ready for Delivery or would have been ready in the ordinary course but for the Buyer’s request or default.
4.4 Time for payment of the Price is of the essence of the Contract.
4.5 Unless the invoice states otherwise, the currency of payment shall be in pounds sterling (GBP).
4.6 The Buyer shall not be entitled to make any withholdings or deductions from amounts due to the Seller or exercise any rights of set-off.
4.7 If the Buyer fails to make any payments by the due date, the Seller shall be entitled, without prejudice to any other right or remedy it may have under these Conditions or otherwise, to do all or any of the following:
4.7.1 to suspend any or all further deliveries under the Contract and under any other contract or contracts in existence between the Seller and the Buyer without notice;
4.7.2 to charge interest on a daily basis (after as well as before judgement) on any amount outstanding at the rate of four percent (4%) above the base rate of Lloyds TSB plc in force at the time payment was due, such interest being charged as a separate, continuing obligation not merging with any judgment together with any statutory debt recovery costs;
4.7.3 to serve notice on the Buyer requiring immediate payment for all Goods supplied by the Seller under this and all other contracts with the Buyer whether or not payment is otherwise due;
4.7.4 to sue for all outstanding amounts (regardless of whether title in the Goods has passed to the Buyer).
4.8 For supplies to a Buyer outside of the jurisdiction in which the Seller is incorporated, the Seller shall be entitled to require that payment is made by irrevocable letter of credit confirmed with a UK clearing bank approved by the Seller prior to the date of Delivery of Goods.
4.9 All payments payable to the Seller under the Contract shall become due immediately on its termination despite any other provision.
4.10 Supplies to export houses may be zero rated for VAT purposes provided that all relevant conditions and requirements from time to time in force are satisfied. If the export house fails to provide satisfactory proof of export within one month (or other requisite period) of the time of supply or otherwise to comply with all relevant conditions and requirements for zero rating, the Seller shall be entitled to invoice and receive payment of VAT at the rate in force at the time of supply and payment shall be due on the later of the date of such invoice and the due date for payment of the price for the Goods.
4.11 No disputes arising under this Contract shall serve to permit payment by the Buyer of sums due to the Seller to be delayed or withheld nor shall disputes interfere with prompt payment in full. The Buyer shall not in any circumstances be entitled to make any deduction from sums owing to the Seller by reason of any such dispute.
5. delivery
5.1 Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Seller, delivery of the Goods shall be deemed to be made by release of the Goods to the Buyer or the Buyer’s servants or agents at the Seller’s premises regardless of whether the Seller has specifically agreed in writing to arrange transport for the Goods (“Delivery”).
5.2 All dates and periods for Delivery are estimated, do not constitute fixed times for Delivery by the Seller. The Seller will seek to achieve any agreed times for Delivery of Goods but all such Delivery times are not guaranteed. The Buyer shall have no right to damages or to cancel the Contract for any failure to meet any Delivery time stated nor shall the Buyer be entitled to make, or to purport to make, time for Delivery of the essence of the Contract. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by the Seller, the Seller shall not be liable for any liabilities, damages, losses, costs or expenses whatsoever as a result of or in connection with the failure by the Seller to meet any Delivery times specified in the Order or subsequently set by agreement in writing between the authorised representatives of the Seller and the Buyer.
5.3 Notwithstanding Clause 5.2, the Buyer shall be obliged to collect the Goods or take Delivery of the Goods on the date or within the period stated in the Order or in any delivery schedule notified to the Buyer by the Seller from time to time. If no Delivery date or period is stated the Buyer shall be obliged to accept Delivery of the Goods one (1) month after the issue of notice in writing by the Seller notifying the Buyer that the Goods are available for collection by the Buyer or its carrier at the Seller’s premises. Failure by the Buyer to collect the Goods or take Delivery as set out in this clause shall entitle the Seller to terminate the Contract (such right is without prejudice to any other rights and remedies available to the Seller) whether expressly provided for in these Conditions or implied by any rule of law.
5.4 The date for Delivery of Goods shall in every case be dependent upon prompt receipt of all necessary information, final instructions or approvals from the Buyer and in the event of the Buyer delaying in providing any such information, the time for Delivery shall be extended accordingly.
5.5 The Seller may deliver Goods in instalments in which case each instalment and Delivery shall be treated as a separate Contract governed by these Conditions. No delay or failure in the Delivery of any one or more instalment of Goods or any defect therein or any claim by the Buyer in respect thereof shall entitle the Buyer to terminate the remaining Contracts.
5.6 The Seller will endeavour to comply with any reasonable requests by the Buyer for postponement of Delivery of the Goods but shall be under no obligation to do so. Where Delivery of Goods is postponed, otherwise than due to default by the Seller, then without prejudice to all other rights and remedies available to the Seller, the Buyer shall pay all liabilities, costs and expenses incurred by the Seller as a result of any such delays (including but ELEY / Accles T&Cs October 2010 3 not limited to any charges for storage and transportation of the Goods).
5.7 The Seller shall not be obliged to give notice to the Buyer to enable the Buyer to insure the Goods during transit. Release of the Goods at the Seller’s premises shall constitute Delivery to the Buyer and the Seller shall not be required to make any contract with the carrier on behalf of the Buyer. The Seller shall not be responsible for any loss or damage to the Goods in the course of transit.
5.8 The Seller shall not be liable for any non-delivery of Goods or shortages in deliveries of Goods (howsoever caused) unless written notice is given by the Buyer to the Seller and, where applicable, the carrier within 7 days of the date when the Goods would, in the ordinary course of events, have been received.
5.9 Any liability of the Seller for any shortages in Delivery or any non-delivery of the Goods shall be limited to replacing the Goods within a reasonable time or issuing a credit note in respect of the non-delivered Goods or the shortfall in the Delivery of the Goods.
5.10 Where applicable, the Seller shall endeavour to obtain an export licence to enable to the Goods to be exported from the United Kingdom. The Buyer shall be responsible for supplying an original end user certificate and/or copy of import licence and all other relevant documents as may be reasonably requested by the Seller in support of application by the Seller for the issue of the export licence. In the event that the Seller is unable to obtain an export licence, the Seller shall not be in breach or otherwise be held liable for non-performance of the Contract.
5.11 The Buyer shall be responsible for obtaining all consents necessary for the import of the Goods into the country of destination.
5.12 The Buyer shall indemnify the Seller and shall keep the Seller indemnified against any and all liabilities, costs and expenses of any nature incurred or suffered by the Seller directly or indirectly arising by reason of the Buyer’s breach of Clauses 5.10 and 5.11 above.
5.13 Except as otherwise expressly agreed by the Seller in writing in advance, the Goods will be delivered to the Buyer by the Seller Ex Works the Seller’s premises and the Buyer shall provide at the Seller’s premises and at its expense adequate and appropriate equipment and manual labour for loading the Goods.
5.14 The Buyer shall (and shall procure that its sub-contractors and agents):
5.14.1 observe the works rules and safety regulations applicable to the Seller’s premises; and
5.14.2 indemnify and keep the Seller indemnified in full against all and any direct, indirect or consequential liabilities (all three of which terms include without limitation loss of profit, loss of business, depletion of goodwill and like loss), losses, claims, damages, costs and expenses (including all legal and other professional expenses) awarded against or incurred or paid by the Seller as a result of or in connection with any death or personal injury to the Seller’s employees or agents while such employees or agents are on any premises of the Seller in connection with the Contract.
6. risk and title
6.1 Unless otherwise agreed between the Seller and the Buyer in writing, risk shall pass to the Buyer (so that the Buyer is responsible for all loss, damage or deterioration of the Goods) at the time when the Goods are released at the premises of the Seller or would, had the Buyer (or its carrier) collected the Goods on the correct date, have been released by the Buyer.
6.2 Title to the Goods shall not pass to the Buyer until either:
6.2.1 the Seller has received in cash or cleared funds all monies payable (whether or not due) to the Seller, including any default interest:-
(a) under this and any other contracts whenever made between the Seller and the Buyer including but not limited to contracts made after this Contract; and
(b) under all contracts between the Seller and any company within the same Group of Companies as the Buyer; or
6.2.2 when the Seller serves on the Buyer notice in writing specifying that title in the Goods or any part thereof has passed to the Buyer.
6.3 The Seller may recover Goods in respect of which title has not passed to the Buyer at any time and the Buyer irrevocably licences the Seller, its officers, employees and agents to enter upon any premises of the Buyer, with or without vehicles, for the purpose either of satisfying itself that Clause 6.4 below is being complied with by the Buyer or of recovering any Goods in respect of which title has not passed to the Buyer.
6.4 Until title to the Goods has passed to the Buyer under these Conditions:
6.4.1 the Buyer shall possess the Goods as fiduciary agent and bailee of the Seller. The Buyer shall store the Goods separately from other goods, shall ensure that they are clearly identifiable as belonging to the Seller and shall ensure that they are fully insured on an all risks basis;
6.4.2 the Buyer shall not sell, offer to sell, assign, underlet, pledge, mortgage, charge, encumber or part with possession of the Goods or any interest in the Goods nor create or allow to be created over the Goods any lien; and
6.4.3 the Seller shall be entitled at any time to require the Buyer to deliver up the Goods to the Seller, and if the Buyer fails to do so within a reasonable period of time, the Seller shall be entitled to enter upon the Buyer’s premises or any third party’s premises and recover and/or dispose of the Goods. For the avoidance of doubt, the Buyer shall make no claim against the Seller in respect of any such entry or disposal.
6.5 The Buyer’s right to possession of the Goods shall terminate immediately if:
6.5.1 the Buyer has a bankruptcy order made against him or makes an arrangement or composition with his creditors, or otherwise takes the benefit of any statutory provision for the time being in force for the relief of insolvent debtors, or (being a body corporate) convenes a meeting of creditors (whether formal or informal), or enters into liquidation (whether voluntary or compulsory) except a solvent voluntary liquidation for the purpose only of reconstruction or amalgamation, or has a receiver and/or manager, administrator or administrative receiver appointed of its undertaking or any part thereof, or documents are filed with the court for the appointment of an administrator of the Buyer or notice of intention to appoint an administrator is given by the Buyer or its directors or by a qualif ying floating charge holder (as defined in paragraph 14 of Schedule B1 to the Insolvency Act 1986), or a resolution is passed or a petition presented to any court for the winding-up of the Buyer or for the granting of an administration order in respect of the Buyer, or any proceedings are commenced relating to the insolvency or possible insolvency of the Buyer; or
6.5.2 the Buyer suffers or allows any execution, whether legal or equitable, to be levied on his/its property or obtained against him/it, or fails to observe or perform any of his/its obligations under the Contract or any other contract between the Seller and the Buyer, or is unable to pay its debts within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or the Buyer ceases to trade; or
6.5.3 the Buyer encumbers or in any way charges any of the Goods.
6.6 If the Seller repossesses the Goods pursuant to this Clause 6, the relevant Order which relates to those Goods shall be treated as discharged in full with immediate effect and the Seller grant to the Buyer a valid VAT credit note in respect of the price or any part thereof that had previously been invoiced to the Buyer but not paid in respect of those Goods. For the avoidance of doubt, the Seller and the Buyer agree to take all reasonable steps to procure that the credit note has effect for the purposes of crediting the VAT originally charged following the subsequent repossession of the Goods.
6.7 On termination of the Contract, howsoever caused, the Seller’s (but not the Buyer’s) rights contained in this Clause 6 shall remain in effect.
6.8 Nothing in this Clause 6 shall be construed as preventing the Buyer from dealing with the Goods in the ordinary course of its business.
7. cancellation
7.1 The Seller shall not be obliged to accept any cancellation or amendment of Orders by the Buyer. If the Seller exercises its discretion to accept any such cancellation, it will only do so on the condition that the Buyer will indemnify the Seller and keep the Company indemnified in full against all and any direct, indirect or consequential liabilities (all three of which terms include without limitation loss of profit, loss of business, depletion of goodwill losses, claims, damages, costs and expenses (including all legal and other professional expenses) awarded against or incurred or paid by the Seller up to the time of cancellation or amendment.
7.2 Goods returned to the Seller without the Seller’s prior written consent will not be accepted for credit.
8. specifications and intellectual property
8.1 The Seller reserves the right to make changes in dimensions or other specifications of the Goods as are required to conform to applicable standards or laws or are otherwise within reasonable limits having regard to the nature of the Goods. Dimensions specified by the Seller are to be treated as approximate only unless it is specifically agreed in writing that exact measurements are required.
8.2 Any illustrations, performance details, literature and all other data (including data in machine readable format) provided by the Seller are provided for general guidance only. No such information or data shall form part of the Contract and the Seller shall have no liability whatsoever for any such information and data provided to the Buyer.
8.3 All know-how and intellectual property in the Goods and the manufacturing processes and the sourcing of any materials shall belong to the Seller and shall remain the Seller’s sole and exclusive property.
8.4 All drawings, documents, specifications, confidential records and any other information supplied by or on behalf of the Seller, whether produced by itself or a third party, are supplied on the express understanding that all intellectual property rights (including, but not limited to, copyright) are reserved to the Seller (or the third part y) and that the Buyer shall not, without the prior written consent of the Seller, give away, loan or sell any drawings, documents, specifications, confidential records or other information or extracts from them or copies of them or use them in any way except in connection with the Goods in respect of which they are issued. If so requested by the Seller, all such drawings, documents, confidential records, specifications and other information (and all copies of the same) shall be immediately returned to the Seller upon termination of the Contract.
9. warranty and liability
9.1 The Seller warrants that, for the Warranty Period, the Goods will be free from defects arising as a result of faulty design, workmanship or materials.
9.2 Subject to the remaining provisions of this Clause 9, the Seller shall not be liable for breach of the warranty in Clause 9.1 unless:
9.2.1 the Buyer gives written notice of the defect in the Goods to the Seller (and if the defect is as a result of damage in transit, to the carrier) and supplies the Seller with evidence which supports its claim in respect of the relevant Goods, within 7 days of:
(a) the date of Delivery of the Goods (where the defect would be apparent to the Buyer upon a reasonable inspection); or
(b) the date when the Buyer knew or ought reasonably to have known of the defect in the Goods (where the defect would not be apparent to the Buyer upon a reasonable inspection); and
9.2.2 the Seller is given a reasonable opportunity after receiving the notice to examine such Goods (or a sample thereof) and the Buyer (if asked to do so by the Seller) returns such Goods (or a sample thereof) to the Seller for the examination to take place.
9.3 The Seller shall not be liable for a breach of the warranty in Clause 9.1 if:
9.3.1 the defect in Goods arises because the Buyer failed to follow the Seller’s oral or written instructions as to the storage, installation use or maintenance of the Goods or (if there are none) good trade practice; or
9.3.2 the Buyer alters, interferes with, or repairs such Goods without the prior written consent of the Seller; or
9.3.3 the defect in the Goods arises from any instruction or specification given by the Buyer; or
9.3.4 the Buyer makes any further use of such Goods after giving notice pursuant to Clause 9.2.1.
9.4 If the Buyer makes a valid claim against the Seller based on a defect in the quality of the Goods and provides satisfactory evidence to the Seller (in the Seller’s sole opinion), the Seller shall, at its option either repair or replace such Goods (or the defective part) or, if the Goods are returned to the Seller, refund the Price of the Goods in question (or a reasonable part thereof (determined by the Seller in its sole discretion) if the Goods are retained by the Buyer).
9.5 If the Seller complies with Clause 9.4 it shall have no further liability for a breach of the warrant y in Clause 9.1 in respect of the quality of the Goods.
9.6 Any Goods replaced will belong to the Seller and any repaired or replacement Goods will be warranted on these Conditions for the unexpired portion of the original Warranty Period.
9.7 If the Buyer makes a valid claim against the Seller based on a defect in the quality of the Goods and the Seller has taken any steps under Clause 9.4, the Buyer shall (unless otherwise agreed with the Seller) return to the Seller, at the Seller’s cost, the Goods giving rise to such claim and which have been repaired or replaced by the Seller or in respect of which the Seller has provided a refund.
9.8 The obligations stated above represent the Seller’s quality commitments. All warranties, conditions and other terms which may otherwise be implied by statute or common law are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
9.9 The benefit of Clause 9.1 shall only extend to Goods not manufactured by the Seller to the extent that the Seller has equivalent recourse against the manufacturer or supplier thereof.
9.10 The Seller does not exclude liability arising under Section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 or for death or personal injury caused by its negligence or for fraudulent misrepresentation or for any matter which it would be illegal for the Seller to exclude or attempt to exclude its liability.
9.11 Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions but without prejudice to Clause 9.10, the Seller shall not have any liability to the Seller whatsoever and whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty or otherwise for any:
9.11.1 loss of profit (whether direct or indirect);
9.11.2 loss of anticipated savings (whether direct or indirect);
9.11.3 loss of business (whether direct or indirect);
9.11.4 loss of opportunity (whether direct or indirect);
9.11.5 loss or damage to goodwill (whether direct or indirect); or
9.11.6 any indirect, special or consequential losses or damages.
9.12 Subject to Clause 9.10 and without prejudice to Clause 9.11, the Seller’s maximum total liability to the Buyer, whether in respect of one claim or a series of related claims and whether arising in contract, tort (including but not limited to negligence), misrepresentation, breach of statutory duty, restitution or otherwise, will be limited to and will in no circumstances whatsoever exceed the Price in respect of the relevant “batch” of Goods giving rise to the Seller’s liability.
9.13 The parties accept that the allocation of liabilities and risk between the parties as effected by these Conditions and in particular by Clause 9 has been evaluated in accordance with the entire framework of these Conditions taking into account such matters as the nature of the Goods and the Price. The parties also acknowledge that any change to the agreed allocation of liabilities and risk as set out in these Conditions would in turn require a renegotiation of these Conditions (including the Price) and accordingly that such allocation of liabilities and risk is reasonable as between the parties in all the circumstances as at the date of the Contract.
9.14 The Buyer shall indemnify and keep the Seller indemnified in full against all and any direct, indirect or consequential liabilities (all three of which terms include without limitation loss of profit, loss of business, depletion of goodwill and like loss), losses, claims, damages, costs and expenses (including all legal and other professional expenses) awarded against or incurred or paid by the Seller as a result of or in connection with any breach of the Contract by the Buyer.
10. termination
10.1 The Seller shall (without prejudice to any rights or remedies available to the Seller) be entitled to terminate a Contract (in whole or part) and/or to suspend Delivery and/or to receive upon demand payment of all monies payable under any such contracts whether or not otherwise due, without liability if:
10.1.1 the Buyer or any member of the Buyer’s Group of Companies becomes bankrupt or subject to an administration order or shall be deemed to be unable to pay its debts for the purposes of Section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 or ceases of threatens to cease to carry on business; or
10.1.2 the Buyer or any member of the Buyer’s Group of Companies shall enter into an arrangement (including, but not limited to, a company voluntary arrangement pursuant to the Insolvency Act 1986 or any other composition or scheme or arrangement) with or for the benefit of its creditors or if a resolution shall be passed or proceedings shall be commenced for the administration or liquidation of the Buyer or any member of the Buyer’s Group of Companies (other than for a voluntary solvent winding up for the purposes of reconstruction or amalgamation); or
10.1.3 if a receiver or manager shall be appointed of all or any part of the Buyer’s assets or undertaking or the assets or undertaking of any member of the Buyer’s Group of Companies; or
10.1.4 an encumbrancer takes possession or a receiver or administrative receiver or similar officer is appointed of any of the property or assets of the Buyer; or
10.1.5 if anything analogous to the foregoing occurs under the laws of any jurisdiction or if the Seller reasonably anticipates that any of the foregoing events are likely to occur; or
10.1.6 the Seller reasonably believes that any of the events mentioned above or any equivalent or similar event under any relevant laws to which the Buyer or any connected person is subject has or may occur;
10.1.7 the Buyer commits, or allows to be committed, any breach of the Contract.
10.2 In the event of termination (howsoever arising) all amounts owing to the Seller shall become immediately due and payable including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Price for all Goods supplied.
11. excusable delays
11.1 If the Seller is prevented or delayed in the performance of any of its obligations under any Contract by Force Majeure, the Seller shall forthwith serve notice in writing on the Buyer specifying the nature and extent of the circumstances giving rise to Force Majeure, and shall, subject to service of such notice and having taken all reasonable steps to avoid such prevention or delay, have no liability in respect of the performance of such of its obligations as are prevented by the Force Majeure events during the continuation of such events, and for such time after they cease as is necessary for the Seller, using all reasonable endeavours, to recommence its affected operations in order for it to perform its obligations. It is acknowledged that some Force Majeure events will render the Seller unable to perform the contract e.g. the taking of action against the Seller by a governmental or regulatory authority which requires the Seller’s withdrawal from the Contract. If such a Force Majeure event occurs which requires Seller’s withdrawal from the contract the Seller will notify the Buyer in writing and within 30 days of such a notice the Buyer will make payment for any goods delivered pursuant to the Contract prior to the withdrawal and will release Seller from all performance bonds and the Seller shall have no further liability to the Buyer in respect of the contract.
12. health and safety
12.1 The Buyer agrees to pay due regard to any information supplied by the Seller relating to the use for which the Goods are designed or have been tested or concerning conditions necessary to ensure that they will be safe and without risk to health at all times when they are being set, used, cleaned, serviced or maintained by any person at work and the Buyer undertakes to take such steps as may be specified by such information or otherwise necessary to ensure that as far as is reasonably practicable the Goods will be safe and without risk to health at all times as mentioned above.
13. compliance
13.1 The Buyer shall comply with all relevant anti-corruption legislation in connection with the Contract and the Seller’s business and shall immediately notify the Seller if it discovers or suspects that any of its officers, directors, employees or representatives are acting or have acted in a way which violates such legislation.
13.2 The Buyer acknowledges that the Seller has a code of responsible business (the ELEY code of conduct) which is available on request and the Buyer shall, at all times, conduct, and procure that its officers, directors, employees and/or representatives conduct, business ethically and in accordance with the relevant provisions of ELEY code of conduct. This clause shall apply whether or not the Buyer is acting pursuant to the Contract or its relationship with the Seller.
13.3 The Buyer agrees that it must be able to demonstrate its compliance with the requirements referred to in this clause 13 at the request of and to the satisfaction of the Seller which includes, but is not limited to, the Seller having the right to inspect any site involved in work for the Seller. If the Buyer fails to comply with this clause 13, the Seller shall be entitled, in its sole discretion, to terminate this Contract and any other agreements between the Buyer and the Seller without penalty to the Seller, but with obligations for the Buyer to remedy any damages suffered by the Seller as a result of such termination or as a result of the breach of Contract pursuant to clause 9.14.
14. general
14.1 The Contract is between the Company and the Customer as principals; the Buyer shall not be entitled to assign the benefit or burden of any Contract without the prior written consent of the Seller.
14.2 In the case of any Order for the export of Goods, the Schedule to the Uniform Law on International Sales Act 1967 shall not in any circumstances apply to the Contract and neither shall the limits imposed by the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 on the extent to which liability can be excluded or limited.
14.3 If any provision of these Conditions shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, then the unaffected provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
14.4 Any failure to exercise or any delay by the Seller in exercising a right or remedy provided by this Contract or at law or in equity will not constitute a waiver of the right or remedy or a waiver of any other rights or remedies. A waiver of a breach of any of the terms of the Contract or of a default under these Conditions will not constitute a waiver of any other breach or default and will not affect the other terms of the Contract.
14.5 The Buyer shall keep as confidential all information disclosed to it by or on behalf of the Seller which could reasonably be considered as confidential. This shall include, but not be limited to, all information disclosed by the Seller which relates to manufacturing processes and know-how, sourcing information and all information relating to the Seller’s business which is not in the public domain. The Buyer shall not use any information so provided other than to enable it to perform its obligations under the Contract. All such information (and all copies thereof) shall be immediately returned to the Seller upon termination of the Contract.
14.6 Without prejudice to the rights of any member of the Seller’s Group of Companies, a person who is not a party to the Contract (a “third party”) shall have no rights pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (the “Act”) to enforce any Contract. Any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from the Act is not affected.
14.7 All notices to be served by the Buyer on the Seller shall only be valid if addressed to the Managing Director of the Seller.
14.8 No variation of the Contract will be valid unless it is in writing and signed by or on behalf of each of the parties.
14.9 The Buyer shall not be entitled to hold itself as an agent or representative of the Seller nor shall the Buyer be entitled, in any way, to bind the Seller without the prior written consent of the Seller (any such consent to be signed by a director of the Seller).
14.10 The Contract and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. The parties irrevocably agree for the exclusive benefit of the Seller that the courts of England and Wales will have jurisdiction over any claim or matter arising under or in connection with this Contract and that accordingly, any proceedings by or against the Seller in respect of any such claim or matter may be brought in such courts. However, nothing in this Clause 14.10 will limit the right of the Seller to take proceedings against the Buyer in any other court of competent jurisdiction.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. If you continue to use our site, you consent to our use of cookies. Tell me moreGot it!
Go to Top