https://eley.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy policy#loveELEY2018-05-16T08:13:08+00:00
privacy policy
who are we?
ELEY Limited, Selco Way off First Avenue, Minworth Industrial Estate, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, B76 1BA (hereafter also: “ELEY” or “We”) are responsible for the processing of your personal data obtained on http://www.eley.co.uk (hereafter: “eley.co.uk” or “Website”).
ELEY Limited
At ELEY, we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our visitors. The pages on the eley.co.uk Website are published by ELEY. This Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to ELEY, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our Website along with how we use cookies and pixel tags on this Website.
ELEY is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this Website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
information that we collect
All our activities are based on stringent ethical principles and we are committed to protect the privacy of all visitors to our Website.
When you visit the eley.co.uk Website, we obtain personal information which you knowingly disclose to us. We request information when you make purchases, which may include name, address, telephone number, email address and gender, when you request product information, request to receive communications or when you participate in any other website service.
In running and maintaining our Website we may collect and process the following data about you:
Information about your use of our eley.co.uk Website including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for information or make a purchase e.g. name and contacting information including email address and postcode.
Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
If you publicly post about ELEY, or communicate directly with ELEY on a social media website, we may collect and process the data contained in such posts or in your public profile for the purpose of addressing any customer service requests you may have and to monitor and influence public opinion about ELEY. We will not combine such personal data with data from other ELEY databases.
In addition, like many websites when you surf or browse the eley.co.uk Website we use cookies and pixel tags to enhance your website experience and to collect aggregate traffic information for trends and statistics. For more info, and for the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the list of ‘cookies we collect’ section below.
use of your information
The personal information actively submitted by you on the eley.co.uk Website will be used for the purpose for which you have specifically submitted them, such as the execution of your purchase order, participation in a contest, receiving information, etc. We may also use this information, and any information collected by means of cookies to improve the eley.co.uk Website.
Please note that we reserve the right to link personal information submitted by you on our eley.co.uk Website with other personal data about you that ELEY Group and their subsidiaries may have obtained via surveys and forms.
We may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law or to protect our or others’ rights, property or safety. We may share information to prevent illegal uses of the eley.co.uk Website or violations of the Terms of Use, or defend ourselves against third party claims.
In addition to the above we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services.
To inform you of any changes to the eley.co.uk Website, services or goods and products.
If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide to you details of similar goods or services, or other goods and services, that you may be interested in.
For internal record keeping and sharing within ELEY Group and ELEY Group subsidiaries.
To improve our products and services.
To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of interest to you. Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such information.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or post. We may use the information to customise the eley.co.uk Website according to your interests.
We never give your details to third parties (outside of ELEY GROUP, ELEY GROUP subsidiaries) to use your data to enable them to provide you with information regarding unrelated goods or services.
sharing your information with third party processors
For the purpose of operating our business, third parties (e.g. credit card companies, shipping companies, customer service providers) may process your data, however only to the extent this is necessary to conduct ELEY business. We do not sell, trade, share or transfer your personal information to any outside parties other than ELEY, ELEY GROUP, ELEY GROUP subsidiaries and third party processors.
security and protecting your information
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We do our utmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is stored securely.
In operating the eley.co.uk Website it may become necessary to transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Union for processing and storing. By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We do our utmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is stored securely.
Unfortunately the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically; sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
ELEY Group Limited – mail sign up, extended privacy policy – https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
cookies
ELEY receives and records information from your browser when you use the eley.co.uk Website and may use a variety of methods, such as cookies and pixel tags to collect this information.
what are cookies and pixel tags?
A cookie is usually a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in your web browser while you are browsing a website. HTTP cookies may be stored only for the time you are in a given site (session cookie) or they may remain stored in your browser for a defined period of time beyond your current session (persistent cookie). Cookies work in combination with content within the website itself, to capture and remember information. Cookies cannot carry viruses or install malware.
Cookies that are set by the domain of the site you are visiting (the domain in the address bar) are called first party cookies. First party cookies are commonly used to remember who you are as you move from page to page, or as you return to the site in subsequent visits. These cookies can only be read by the domain that set them.
Cookies that are set by domains other than the one in your address bar are called Third Party cookies. Third Party cookies are used to track users across sites, for example to tailor advertising to you. Cookies do not identify you personally; it is statistical data which does not identify any personal details whatsoever. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
A web pixel is an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than 1 pixel x 1 pixel that is placed on a Website or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the behaviour of the user visiting the Website or sending the e-mail. Websites may use web beacons for many purposes, including site usage analytics, advertising, auditing and reporting, and content and advertising personalization. Alternative names are web beacon, tracking bug, and pixel tag.
Below you see a more elaborate overview of the types of cookies we are using:
Required cookies are essential and help you navigate, move around on the eley.co.uk Website and see certain features. I.e. these cookies make sure your basket is saved during all the steps of your checkout process.
Functionality cookies are there so we can give you an even smoother customer experience. These cookies help you to save and remind you about your shopping bag, and enable you to create a wish list.
Performance cookies help us to understand shopping behaviour of our visitors. This enables us to keep improving our website, so shopping becomes easier and more pleasant for you.
Interaction cookies are used for you to express your opinion. We love to know what you think about our product, our website and about us in general. These cookies will enable you to like or recommend us on social media. But you can also advise our other (potential) customers by rating and reviewing our products.
Targeting cookies will remember your product and buying preferences. We believe advertising is all about relevance. These cookies enable us to share what you like with our advertisers. So if you are browsing on Google for example, the advertisement you see can be more relevant to your preferences.
how we use cookies and pixel tags
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
We may use cookies and pixel tags where appropriate to gather information about your computer in order to assist us in improving the eley.co.uk Website, enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. This helps us to provide our customers with services or to improve the customer’s site experience.
We also use cookies and pixel tags to provide us with aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction, to identify trends and obtain statistics etc. so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third parties such as Google Analytics to assist us in gathering data, however, they are not permitted to use information collected except to help ELEY conduct and improve its business.
google analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (’Google’). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website operators analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the eley.co.uk Website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
how do I change my cookie settings?
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. This can be done within the ’settings’ section of your computer or alternatively you can find out how it works in your browser here:
Internet Explorer: http://support.microsoft.com/gp/cookies/en
Mozilla Firefox: http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Cookies
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
Safari: http://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042
Opera: http://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/
If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make the eley.co.uk Website more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. Cookies are used to track shopping basket items through the order process, and it will not be possible to place an order without them.
For further information please read the advice at The Information Commissioners Office (ico): http://ico.org.uk/for_the_public/topic_specific_guides/online/cookies
disclosure of information
One of our core principles is that we will treat your data with care and confidentiality. We will not sell your data to third parties. If required by law, your data may be disclosed to third parties. Provided that this is allowed under applicable law, we may transfer your data to our parent company ELEY GROUP or ELEY GROUP subsidiaries.
We may use service providers and data processors working on behalf of ELEY. The services can include hosting and maintenance services, analysis services, e-mail messaging services, delivery services, handling of payment transactions and address check, etc. These third parties are granted access to such personal data they require in order to be able to carry out the particular service. The service providers and data processors are contractually obliged to treat such information in the strictest confidence. It is also contractually forbidden for them to use the data in any other way than required. The necessary steps are taken to ensure that our service providers and the processors working on behalf of ELEY protect confidentiality of your data.
There may be occasions on which we disclose non-personal data to our partners in an anonymous form. Such non-personal data includes, for example, information about the number of visitors to a website or a (mobile) application during a certain period of time. Such information is generally only disclosed in a ‘bundled’ form.
third party links
On occasion we include links to third parties on the eley.co.uk Website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s Policy towards visitor privacy.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should review their Privacy Policy before sending them any personal data and exercise caution.
social networks
Our website provides you with Social Plug-ins from various social networks. If you choose to interact with a social network, your activity on our website will also be made available to social networks such as Facebook and Twitter.
If you are logged in on one of these social networks during your visit to one of our websites, the social network might add this information to your profile. If you are interacting with one of the Social Plug-ins, this information will be transferred to the social network. In case you do not wish such a data transfer, please log off on your social network before you enter our website.
We cannot influence this data collection and data transfer via the Social Plug-ins. Please read the privacy policies of those social networks for detailed information about the collection and transfer of personal data, what rights you have and how you can achieve satisfactory privacy settings.
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Twitter: http://twitter.com/privacy
Google +: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
unsubscribing, removing or modifying your information
You have the right to withdraw any consent you’ve given with respect to our use of your personal data. Furthermore you have the right to access to your data and to modification or deletion thereof in the event your data as stored by us are incorrect or otherwise unlawful.
To modify your email subscriptions or to completely opt-out of receiving ELEY communication, please let us know by contacting us via post using the address stipulated in the ‘Contact us’ section of this Policy.
Please note that if you request your account information to be deleted from our database, we may maintain information about individual sales transactions in order to service that transaction or for record keeping. This information will not contain credit details.
accessing your information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the eley.co.uk Website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to ELEY using the address stipulated in the ‘Contact us’ section of this Policy.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you. Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee to cover costs incurred by us in providing you with the information. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to ELEY using the address stipulated in the ‘Contact us’ section of this Policy.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You session ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
changes to our privacy policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changed policy on the eley.co.uk Website. You are advised to regularly check whether our Privacy Policy has changed. This Policy was last modified in May 2018.
contact us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy and Cookies Policy by writing to us using the following address: Data protection officer, ELEY Group Limited, Selco Way off First Avenue, Minworth Industrial Estate, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, B76 1BA.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. If you continue to use our site, you consent to our use of cookies. Tell me moreGot it!
Go to Top