https://elgeeparkwines.com.au/terms-privacy/
Elgee Park
Terms & Conditions
Elgee Park
Privacy Policy
Elgee Park Wines is committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
Elgee Park Wines has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for Elgee Park Wines.
Elgee Park Wines does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from the registration process for subscription or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., forums), suggestions and transactional areas.
Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to “opt out” of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings and/or any third parties.
Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, we reserve the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.
We do reserve the right to perform statistical analyses of user behaviour and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners.
Upon request, we will allow any user to “opt out” of further promotional contacts at any time.
Additionally upon request, we will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user’s request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user’s entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.
Access to the database containing personal information is restricted to Elgee Park Wines staff members with direct responsibility for customer service or management of the website. Authorised staff members are not allowed to pass on information about members to non-authorised staff without the express permission of the General Manager – Elgee Park.
Elgee Park Wines reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service:
1. You can send email to elgee@pac.com.au
2. You can call the following telephone number: (03) 5989 7272
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
General Manager
Laurence Tedesco
T: (03) 5989 7338
M: 0413132966
F: (03) 5989 7199
E: laurence@pac.com.au
Elgee Park
Terms
Copyright
This site and its contents are subject to copyright. The site material copyright is owned by Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd and Elgee Park Wines or in the case of some material, a third party. The site function and operation copyright is owned by Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd and Elgee Park Wines.
You may view this site and its contents using your web browser and electronically copy and print hard copies of parts of this site solely for personal, non-commercial use. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content of this site is strictly prohibited.
Trademarks
This site includes registered trademarks, and other trademarks that are otherwise protected by law. Except as expressly authorised, the use or misuse of any of these trademarks is strictly prohibited.
Included Trademarks and Registered Trademarks are Trademarks of their respective owners.
Disclaimer
You agree that your access to, and use of, this site is subject to these terms and all applicable laws, and is at your own risk. This site and its contents are provided to you on “as is” basis, the site may contain errors, faults and inaccuracies and may not be complete and current.
Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd and Elgee Park Wines makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials or products included on this site, except as otherwise provided under applicable laws.
Neither Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd or Elgee Park Wines, nor its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns will be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of, or in any way related to, the use of this site and any other site linked to this site. This limitation applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for loss of profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information.
Viruses
Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd or Elgee Park Wines cannot guarantee that any file or program available for download and/or execution from or via this site is free from viruses or other conditions, which could damage or interfere with data, hardware or software with which it might be used. You assume all risk of use of all programs and files on this site, and you release Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd and Elgee Park Wines entirely of all responsibility for any consequences of its use.
Third Party Sites
This site may contain links to third party sites. Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd or Elgee Park Wines are not responsible for the condition or content of those sites as they are not under Elgee Park Wines control. You access those sites and/or use the site’s products and services solely at your own risk. The links are provided solely for your convenience and do not indicate, expressly or impliedly, an endorsement by Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd and Elgee Park Wines of the sites or the products or services provided on the site.
Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd and Elgee Park Wines does not permit any linkages to this site without prior permission.
Applicable Law
This site is controlled by Elgee Park Wines. Your use of this site is governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Victoria, Australia. Disputes arising from your use of this site are exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria, Australia.
This site may be accessed throughout Australia and overseas. Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd or Elgee Park Wines makes no representations that the content of this site complies with the laws (including intellectual property laws) of any country outside Australia. If you access this site from outside Australia, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for complying with the laws in the place where you access the site.
Privacy
Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd and Elgee Park Wines highly value the strong relationships we have with our customers. The collection of data at Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd and Elgee Park Wines is being handled with full and proper respect for the privacy of our customers. The data we collect is handled sensitively, securely and with proper regard to privacy. Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd and Elgee Park Wines does not disclose, distribute or sell the data we collect from our clients to third parties.
This site uses a feature of your web browser known as “cookies” to store information and identify you to the system while your on a session. No personal details are contained in the cookies.
Follow Us
PHONE US: 03 5989 7338
Elgee Park Wine, Art, Sculture Garden & Events. Merricks North, Mornington Peninsuala
© 2020 Yulgilbar Custodians Pty Ltd