https://erau.edu/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
×
Menu
Home
Degrees & Programs
Admissions
Research
Partnerships
About Us
Leadership
Strategic Plan
Give to ERAU
ERNIE
Connect with Us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
×
Search
Search
Popular Searches
ERNIE
Transcripts
Tuition
Career Services
Human Resources
Our Campuses
Daytona Beach, FL
Prescott, AZ
Worldwide
Embry-Riddle Online
Asia
Europe
Degrees & Programs
Certificate Programs
Associate's Degrees
Bachelor's Degrees
Master's Degrees
Ph.D. Degrees
Non-Degree
Menu
Search
Request Info
Apply Now
Contact Us
Newsroom
ERNIE
Give
Daytona Beach, FL Campus
Prescott, AZ Campus
Worldwide Campus
Embry-Riddle Online
Asia Campus
Degrees & Programs
Admissions
Research
Partnerships
About Us
Leadership
Strategic Plan
Search
Privacy Statement
Home
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement explains how Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University collects, uses, and shares your personal data, and your rights in relation to the personal data we hold. Nothing in this statement will limit the ability of the university to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or government request.
By accessing or using this website or underlying sub-sites, you are consenting to our collection and use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
How we collect your personal information
We collect or receive your personal information in several ways, including, but not limited to:
When you provide information to us by filling out forms on our website;
When you submit personal information to us through email;
When you are seeking employment opportunities; and/or
When you provide information to us in relation to your attendance at any of our hosted events.
The types of personal information we may collect
The types of personal information that we may collect include, but are not limited to, the following:
Contact information (e.g., your name, postal address, email address, telephone number(s));
Professional information (e.g., job titles, experience, qualifications);
Demographic information; and/or
Interests (business and personal) and other information.
The types of log data we collect when you browse through our website include, but are not limited to, the following:
IP address from which the connection is made
Date and time
Browser information
Other statistics
In addition, we may use third-party providers to collect, monitor, and analyze this type of information in order to increase our website’s functionality. These third-party providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
How we use personal information collected
The purposes for which we may use personal information collected include, but are not limited to, the following:
Admissions processing
Academic matters (e.g., registration, coursework, graduation)
Financial administration (e.g., financial aid, scholarships, fees, donations)
Human resource administration
To maintain or develop our relationship with you
To respond to questions or communications from you
To improve the content and methods of delivery of our website
We may also process personal information because it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract.
How we share personal information with others
We may share your personal information with third-parties who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf. These third-parties have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information. Third-party recipients may include, but are not limited to the following:
Service providers
Partners
Our use of cookies
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University or third parties may use techniques (cookies, web beacons and similar technologies) to collect data from its websites and elsewhere on the Internet to provide measurement services and targeted advertising on behalf of the university. Embry-Riddle understands the privacy of our website visitors is valuable and will not sell this or any other website user information to third parties.
Security and information protection
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University uses website security measures consistent with industry best practices to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of information under our control. Please keep in mind that no data transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure.
Users located in the European Economic Area
See Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University’s privacy statement relevant to individuals physically located in the European Economic Area.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University may periodically update our privacy statement. If our privacy statement changes we will note the revision date at the bottom of this page. We encourage you to periodically review this page to stay aware of any modifications or changes to its terms.
Effective Date:  February 13, 2020
Request Info
Apply Now
Contact Us
OK Accept Privacy Statement
This website uses cookies and similar tools and technologies to understand visitors’ experiences. By continuing to use this website, you consent to Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University’s use of cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with the Embry-Riddle Privacy Statement.