http://falconproductsusa.com/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
The availability of the products offered is given on the website by way of indication only. The website falconproductsusa.com lists all of the products that are generally available for shipping orders unless otherwise indicated. Final validation of availability can only be given through an order confirmation by Falcon Products USA. Every order is confirmed by email, on or before the date of delivery.
Once a shipment has been sent out, no returns, refunds, or exchanges can be accepted. In no event can a change be made once the shipment has been accepted by the shipper. Orders require a minimum of 24 hours for order processing, preparation, and handling. This processing time may be longer during busy holiday seasons.
Falcon Products USA reserves the right to refuse to ship goods or honor any orders placed by purchasers who have not settled previous orders, either in part or in full or with whom the company is engaged in an ongoing dispute.
By making a purchase on-line you understand and agree that Falcon Products USA will collect the following personal information to process your order:
-Billing Information: your name, street address, city, state, zip code, telephone number, email address, credit card number, expiration date, 3- or 4-digit code.
-Shipping Information: recipient name, street address, city, state, zip code, telephone number, email address. The customer has to make sure that the provided information is correct. Falcon Products USA is not responsible for errors in the information that is provided to us. Cost resulting from such errors will be charged to the customer.
Falcon Products USA is not responsible for mishandling the package by the shipper.
Falcon Products USA is not responsible for delays caused by events beyond our control, including strikes, natural disasters, weather emergencies or any delays caused by our overnight delivery carriers. Credits or Refunds will not be offered due to the delay caused by our overnight delivery carrier.
When ordering products from us, it is agreed between the parties that Falcon Products USA products are for personal use only (by you or other individuals that you are ordering for). Falcon Products USA products shall not be resold by you or anyone else, without authorization from Falcon Products USA.
Privacy Policy
At Falcon Products USA your privacy is our priority. We are committed to protecting your privacy at all times, in all situations. The information we collect about you when you become a member is used to process your orders and to provide a more personalized experience on our site.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
When you become a Falcon Products USA member, we ask you to fill out a form that requests your name, address, and email. Falcon Products USA will NOT share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis.
Your name and address information are used solely to process orders unless your prior consent is given. Without your consent, this information will NEVER be sold, given, rented or traded to others for purposes other than order fulfillment.
Site Security
All Falcon Products USA employees take your personal information very seriously. All employees must learn and obey our security policies. Access to member personal information is limited to key management. The information is ID and password protected.
Correcting/Updating Your Personal Information
After becoming a Falcon Products USA customer you may correct/update your personal information by login in by entering your ID and password when prompted and clicking the Edit Information button. The changes you make will be reflected in our databases instantly. If you wish to deactivate your account, you may contact us through the 'Contact Us' section.
Communication
From time to time we may send out email messages alerting you that products are available, to remind you about providing feedback or for promotional offers. In addition, you will receive communication from us 1) if you contact us for a particular reason, 2) to receive your orders, or 3) we need to contact you for administrative purposes such as winning a contest. Administrative emails will not contain promotional materials.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Supplementation
We may correct or supplement your address information with standardized postal representation in order to ensure that your orders are delivered. We do this since we want to make sure that our members receive the order and to lower costs associated with our programs.
Our Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that your browser stores on your computer's hard drive which identifies you when you enter. The ability to select samples on our site is not cookie-driven. We may use session cookies to provide a seamless experience on the site and to combine with our log files so that we can understand our site traffic and analyze our demographic information in aggregate form. If you have set your browser to reject cookies, our site will not identify you when you enter and you will need to manually type in your ID and password.
Your Feedback is Always Welcome. We welcome your comments and questions about our privacy policy - or anything else you might want to discuss.
Shopping Cart
No items in cart
View Cart
Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Log in
Forgot your username?
Forgot your password?