https://farncombeboats.co.uk/privacy-policy-notice/
Farncombe Boat House
River Wey Row Boat Hire Tel: 01483 421306
Home
Narrowboat Holiday Fleet
Holiday Boat Prices
Alder 2-4 Berth
Kittiwake 4-6 Berth
Hawthorn 4-6 Berth
Goldcrest 4-6 Berth
Osprey 6-8 Berth
Oak 6-8 Berth
Day Boat Hire
Day Boat Hire Prices 2020
Dot
Rowing Boat Hire
Moorings
River Wey Photos
Vintage Collection
Blog
Contact Us
Free eGuides for You
Boater’s Handbook
Information for Boat Users
River Thames User’s Guide
Privacy Policy Notice
.1. INTRODUCTION
Farncombe Leisure Limited  Registered Office: Farncombe LeisureLtd, The Clink, 3 Church St, Odiham, Hook RG29 1LU Is a family owned and operated leisure boat hire business trading as Farncombe Boat House based at Farncombe Boat House, Catteshall Road, Godalming, GU7 1NH
This privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our site https://farncombeboats.co.uk/ and any subdomains, email, phone calls and written correspondence.
When providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 16 years of age.
Farncombe Leisure Limited is the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data – referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice.
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 & GDPR 2018, Farncombe Leisure Limited does not require a Data Protection Officer however, our Designated Data Controller and GDPR Owner,  Mrs. Lynn Chase, can be contacted using the details set out below:
Email: l.chase@btconnect.com
Tel: 01483 421306
Postal Address: Farncombe Boat House, Catteshall Road, Godalming, GU7 1NH
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at l.chase@btconnect.com
2. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU, FOR WHAT PURPOSE AND ON WHAT GROUND WE PROCESS IT
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymised data.
We may process the following categories of personal data about you:
Communication Data that includes any communication that you send to us whether that be through the contact forms on our website, through phone, email, text, social media messaging, social media posting or any other communication that you send us. We process this data for the purposes of communicating with you, for record keeping and for the establishment, pursuance or defence of legal claims. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to reply to communications sent to us, to keep records and to establish, pursue or defend legal claims.
Customer Data that includes data relating to boat hire services such as your name, title, billing address, delivery address email address, phone number, contact details, purchase details and your financial and credit card details, personal description and photograph, business financial information, usernames and passwords and other information relating to your business/company. We process this data to supply the goods and/or services you have purchased and to keep records of such transactions. Our lawful ground for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps at your request to enter into such a contract.
User Data that includes data about how you use our website and any online services together with any data that you post for publication on our website or through other online services. We process this data to operate our website and ensure relevant content is provided to you, to ensure the security of our website, to maintain back- ups of our website and/or databases and to enable publication and administration of our website, other online services and business. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business.
Technical Data that includes data about your use of our website and online services such as your IP address, your login data, details about your browser, length of visit to pages on our website, page views and navigation paths, details about the number of times you use our website, time zone settings and other technology on the devices you use to access our website. The source of this data is from our analytics tracking systems. We process this data to analyse your use of our website and other online services, to administer and protect our business and website, to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and to understand the effectiveness of our advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business and to grow our business and to decide our marketing strategy.
Marketing Data
We never use any personal data collected for advertising or marketing purposes.
We never share your personal data with any third party for their own marketing purposes
We may Aggregated Data from your personal data but this data does not reveal your identity and as such in itself is not personal data. An example of this is where we review your Usage Data to work out the percentage of website users using a specific feature of our site. If we link the Aggregated Data with your personal data so that you can be identified from it, then it is treated as personal data.
Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
We will only use your personal data for a purpose it was collected for or a reasonably compatible purpose if necessary. For more information on this please email us at l.chase@btconnect.com  entering ATTN DATA CONTROLLER in the subject line. In case we need to use your details for an unrelated new purpose we will let you know and explain the legal grounds for processing.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
We do not carry out automated decision making or any type of automated profiling.
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may collect data about you by you providing the data directly to us for example by filling in forms, or by sending us emails. We may automatically collect certain data from you as you use our website by using cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy for more details about this l.chase@btconnect.com
We may receive data from third parties such as analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU, social media networks such as Facebook based outside the EU, such as search information providers such as Google based outside the EU.
4. MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
We never use any personal data collected for advertising or marketing purposes.
We never share your personal data with any third party for their own marketing purposes.
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below:
Selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site;
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services;
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers;
Government bodies that require us to report processing activities.
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Farncombe Boats Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply Terms and conditions of Boat Hire and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Farncombe Leisure Ltd, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
5. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) do not always offer the same levels of protection to your personal data, so European law has prohibited transfers of personal data outside of the EEA unless the transfer meets certain criteria.
We use service providers like Facebook, Pintrest and Google who are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA)
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we will only transfer your personal data to countries that the European Commission have approved as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data.
6. DATA SECURITY
We have put security measures in place to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, altered, disclosed, or accessed without authorisation. We also allow access to your personal data only to those employees and partners who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they must keep it confidential.
We have procedures in place to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach if we are legally required to do so.
7. DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
For tax purposes the law requires us to keep basic information about our customers for up to 7 years after they stop being customers. This would include; – contact, identity, financial and transaction Data.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
8.    YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under data protection laws you have rights in relation to your personal data that include the right to request access, correction, erasure, restriction, transfer, to object to processing, to portability of data and where the lawful ground of processing is consent to withdraw consent.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data or to exercise any of the other rights. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive or refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you.
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office ICO;-the UK’s supervisory authority for all data protection issues www.ico.org.uk. We would respectfully ask you to contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
o    Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
o    Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
o    Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
o    Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
o    Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
o    Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
o    Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
o    Right to judicial review: in the event that Farncombe Boat House refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain in circumstances listed above.
In such instances, should there be a third party involved in the processing of your personal data we forward requests on to them.
You can read in greater detail about your rights in this regard at: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at i l.chase@btconnect.com
9.    THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Our website include links to third-party websites, applications and plugins. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We have no control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their Privacy Statements. Privacy Statements vary greatly it is best practice / due diligence to read them all. ….
10. COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our COOKIE POLICY
June 2019
Farncombe Boat House
Copyright © 2020 All Rights Reserved
Website Developed by GoMoSoLo Ltd
This website uses cookies that can't be eaten! They do not track your personal data and we never use them for marketing purposes. Find out moreUnderstood!