https://fazeteen.com/legal/
Menu
Entertainment
Movies & TV
Music
Books
Smile
The Look
Health
Beauty
Fashion & Style
Shopping
Play
Travel
Sports & Fitness
Out on the Town
Food
Tech
Work
Career
School
Journalism
Money
Life
People
Relationships
Real Life
Change The World
Animals
More
Contests
Columns
Ask Ed And Red
Photos
Your Stories
Letters
Videos
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
LEGAL BLURBS
Faze’s Privacy Policy
GENERAL
In the process of subscriptions and contest entries being submitted Faze acquires basic personal information from our readers (name, address, age, telephone, email address, etc.)
WE DO NOT SHARE OR SELL YOUR PERSONAL INFO
As an organization made up of people that find direct mail (junk) and spam annoying, we will NOT share or sell to third parties personal information that you have provided exclusively to faze.ca without your explicit permission. No-one other than faze.ca will be permitted to contact you.
WHAT FAZE DOES WITH YOUR CONTACT INFO
Overall Statistics
Faze may release general information about our users as a whole (e.g. overall statistics, geographic splits, percentage of female versus male users, etc.) to provide general understanding of the Faze demographics. However, individual contact information will be kept strictly confidential, unless faze.ca is required by law to disclose such information. (although in that case, we’ll fight like hell first before we’re forced to release any info.)
Faze Information
In special situations Faze itself may correspond with users that have provided contact information. Examples of this correspondence would be email alerts for new contests and prizes to be won on faze.ca, a special subscription rate for the printed edition of Faze Magazine, or other Faze related news. All of which we hope our users find very useful. If however, anyone wishes to not receive any correspondence from Faze, they simply have to send a quick email to that effect and they will immediately cease to receive future Faze contest updates/newsletters. This option will be made clear on all Faze emails and newsletter.
NO COOKIES
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes, to track user trends and patterns. Faze does not use cookies to track its visitors.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES OUTSIDE FAZE
Users should be aware that when you are on faze.ca or faze.ca, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are many links to other sites from our pages that take you outside the Faze webzone. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use the Faze as part of a co-branding agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. The Faze privacy policy cannot extend to anything beyond our own website.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
In the future Faze may introduce new online technology, products and services to its users. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy to accommodate such features. We will notify users, via the Faze sites, of any updates to the privacy policy.
CONTACT US
You can send email to us if you have any further questions: webmaster@faze.ca