https://felinerescue.org/privacy/
Your Privacy
Feline Rescue, Inc. strongly believes in protecting the integrity and privacy of personal information gathered from our members and visitors to our Web sites. Since the protection of your privacy is of great importance to us, we have created this privacy policy to communicate our practices regarding the collection and dissemination of personal information that can be linked to a specific individual, such as a name, address, phone number, e-mail address, or any other information, provided to us by our members and Web site visitors.
These policies do not extend to external sites linked to our partners or other non-FelineRescue.org Web site content. Please check with these companies and sites for their policies regarding data privacy, including the use of cookies.
Why does Feline Rescue ask for my information?
In order to participate in some activities, you might be asked to provide some personal information. This could be in connection with any one or combination of the following:
Making or renewing a donation online
Participation in contests, surveys, petitions, information pack requests, and giveaways
Subscription to Feline Rescue’s e-news lists
What information does Feline Rescue collect?
We do not collect personal information from our visitors other than what is supplied to us on a voluntary basis.
How does Feline Rescue use the information gathered from the above sources?
We use your information to send you details about our campaigns, events and activities, local volunteer opportunities and alerts, and membership and renewal appeals.
Feline Rescue also uses information gathered via our Web site to improve our Web-based campaigns. Feline Rescue performs statistical analyses of aggregate user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of various areas on our Web sites and to use such information to improve our Web sites ability to serve you better.
Does Feline Rescue use cookies on its Web sites?
Feline Rescue may use cookies on some Web pages. A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on a visitor’s hard drive but that does not itself contain any personal information. Cookies enhance a visitor’s experience by saving the visitor from having to log in or provide information each time he or she revisits a Feline Rescue Web page and by customizing content based on a visitor’s interests. Visitors can configure their browsers to be alerted when a site is attempting to send a cookie and refuse the cookie, though some Feline Rescue donation and e-commerce pages will not function properly without accepting cookies.
Feline Rescue also uses cookies to administer the Web site, track visitor movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
How is information used in Feline Rescue e-news?
You will only receive e-mail newsletters (e-news) from us if you have expressly signed up for e-news on the Feline Rescue Web site. The information that we gather from subscribers to our e-news lists (including e-mail addresses) is not shared with other non-Feline Rescue affiliated organizations or companies. From time to time, we may send out e-mail messages that might include information about these like-minded organizations and companies, but we do not provide them with access to any personal information that you have provided.
In order to provide you with better and more relevant information, we compile information about e-mail response and Web site usage. This information helps us to better understand site usage patterns and also what types of content and information may help improve your user experience on Feline Rescue’s Web site.
All e-mail messages sent to e-mail newsletter subscribers contain a link to unsubscribe or to modify your profile. You may subscribe or unsubscribe to any e-news or e-mail communication from Feline Rescue at any time.
If you have any questions about Feline Rescue e-news, please e-mail info@felinerescue.org.
How does Feline Rescue protect your information?
Feline Rescue is extremely protective of the information gathered through its membership and Web site. Our Web site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. Our Web server is located in a locked, secure environment.
When you contribute to Feline Rescue online, our donation partners, Network for Good and PayPal, use secure servers and encryption to protect your financial and other personal information during transmission.
Does Feline Rescue rent, sell, or trade my information?
Feline Rescue does not make the names and postal addresses of members available to any nonprofit organizations or commercial companies.
How can I be removed from your postal/printed material mailing list?
To be removed from our postal mailing list, please send an e-mail to info@felinerescue.org with the subject line “Remove from Mailing List”. Alternatively, you can request removal from our printed mailing list by sending a note or letter to our main office, listed below.
Additional questions?
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the information that we have collected from you online, the practices of this site, or your interaction with this Web site, e-mail info@felinerescue.org.
You can also reach us via U.S. mail:
Feline Rescue, Inc.
593 Fairview Ave N
St. Paul, MN 55104-1708
Connect with Us!
Upcoming Events
Chuck & Don’s Cat Claw Clipping Clinic: Roseville
December 13 @ 11:00 am - 1:00 pm
Chuck & Don’s Cat Claw Clipping Clinic – Plymouth
December 19 @ 10:30 am - 12:30 pm
Chuck & Don’s Cat Claw Clipping Clinic: St. Paul/Highland Park
December 19 @ 11:00 am - 1:00 pm
View All Events
X
Our shelter location is closed, but we are taking reservations and adopting out cats!
COVID-19 Plan