https://fidosforfreedom.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Safeguarding the privacy of individuals who visit our site is of the utmost importance to us. Fidos is very proud of the fact that under no circumstances will we ever disclose or sell any supporter information.If you identify yourself by sending an email, we use your personal information to process your request, question, etc. Your message may be forwarded, as email, to other Fidos volunteers who are better able to help you. Please see our contact us page for more information about how to communicate your needs properly to ensure prompt service.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on the customer’s computer hard drive by the server (a type of computer). A cookie is a short piece of data. The cookie is not an executable program and cannot do anything to your machine. There are two kinds of cookies.A session cookie is in operation only for the duration of the browser session – when the user shuts down the browser the cookie is released and goes away.A persistent cookie continues in operation after the close of the individual session. Shutting down the browser will cause the cookie to be written into a special cookie file on the user’s computer, so that the next time the user visits the website that generated the cookie, the cookie will be sent to the website’s server again. In this way, we can coordinate your access to different pages on our web site. Fidos does not use this type of cookie.
Online Donations
Fidos works with PayPal.com to process all credit card transactions. Once you choose to use the “Online Donation” by clicking on the “Donate” Button, you are transferred to PayPal.com’s secure site. They protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. They store information gathered on secure computers located in a locked data center. The number of employees involved in the management of the data center that have physical access to these computers is limited. They use firewalls and other security technology to prevent our computers from being accessed by unauthorized persons.  They also require that any personally identifiable consumer information sent to them by you be encrypted using SSL encryption.
About FidosBoard of Directors
Staff
Visit Our Facility
Annual & Financial Report
Contact Us
(301)-490-4005
Email: fidos@fidosforfreedom.org
1200 Sandy Spring Road
Laurel, MD 20707
Fidosforfreedom.org © 2017.