https://firebirdtaclub.com/privacy.html
Privacy Statement for National Firebird and Trans Am Club website
The National Firebird and Trans Am Club has created this privacy statement in
order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: National
Firebird and Trans Am website.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information
(like their name and email address) and financial information (like their
account or credit card numbers). We use customer contact information from the
registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional
material from some of our partners. The customer's contact information is also
used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving
future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information
that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
This site contains links to other sites. National Firebird and Trans Am
Club website is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of
such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products,
and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email
address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers).
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information
about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also
used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of
receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial
information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and
services.
Public Forums
This site makes forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its
users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas
becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to
disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and
alteration of the information under our control. (*Please elaborate on the
security measures that you have in place.)
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving
communications from us and our partners at the point where we request
information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information
from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive
our service.
You can send email to
info@firebirdtaclub.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:
NFTAC, 5433 N. Ashland Ave., Chicago, IL 60640 USA
You can call the following telephone number: 773-769-7166
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users
based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content
network privacy policy.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
email: info@firebirdtaclub.com
send mail to the following postal address:
NFTAC, 5433 N. Ashland Ave., Chicago, IL 60640 USA
call the following telephone number: 773-769-7166
Contacting the website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this
site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact
Frank Ochal
National Firebird and Trans Am Club
5433 N. Ashland Ave.
Chicago, IL 60640 U.S.A.
info@firebirdtaclub.com
Home
Contact Us
NFTAC Privacy Policy
|
NFTAC Website Terms of Use
© 1997-2020  All Rights
Reserved - National Firebird and Trans Am Club