https://flagship.ie/index.php/privacy-policy
Menu
Search
Compare
Flagship Scuba
Search:
Search
Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Compare
You have no items to compare.
Menu
Home
Equipment Scuba Diving BCDs, Wings & HarnessesCylindersDive ComputersDrysuitsFull Face MasksPackage Deals RegulatorsGeneral RepairsSpare PartsUndersuitsSnorkelling FinsFreediving & SpearfishingGloves, Boots & HoodsMasksRash VestsSnorkelsWeights & Weight Systems
WetsuitsSearch, Rescue & Safety Rescue & Safety Equipment Reels & SMBsAccessories  BagsClothingCompasses Clips & LanyardsGeneral Accessories HosesInstruments Knives & CuttersTorches & Strobes WatchesBrands
A - B AnaloxApeksAP ValvesAqua LungAtomic AquaticsBareBeaverB - F BeuchatCircle One EezycutFaberFinnsubFourth ElementFrogspitG - M Green River ISTLumb BrosMcNettMGENautilusNorthern DiverO - Z OTSScubaproSeaLIfeSpare AirStahlsacSuuntoUKVictory KnivesSpecial OffersGift CardsService & Advice Regulator Health CheckCylinder TestingRegulator ServicingComputer ServicingDrysuit RepairsBCD ServicingCommercial
Contact
About Us
Blog
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect your right to privacy and comply with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2002. The purpose of this Website Privacy Policy is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this website. Naturally, if you are not happy with this Website Privacy Policy you should not use this website.
By visiting this website, you are accepting the terms of this Website Privacy Policy. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such, and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other websites.
Types of Information Collected
We retain two types of information:
“Personal Data”
This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you and may include your name, address, email address, user IP addresses in circumstances where they have not been deleted, clipped or anonymised, telephone number, birth date and billing and credit card information. Such information is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us.
“Non-Personal Data”
Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website. This Non-Personal Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses where they have been clipped or anonymised, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website.
Purposes for which we hold your Information
Non-Personal Data:
We use the Non-Personal Data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website.
Personal Data
We will process any Personal Data you provide to us for the following purposes:
(a) to provide you with the goods or services you have ordered;
(b) to contact you if required in connection with your order or to respond to any communications you might send to us;
(c) to send you further information about goods or services that you buy from us
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We may provide Non-Personal Data to third parties, where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our website. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our website, the demographic breakdown of our community users of our website, or the activities that visitors to our website engage in while on our website. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include potential or actual advertisers, providers of advertising services (including website tracking services), commercial partners, sponsors, licensees, researchers and other similar parties
We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless the third party is required to fulfil your order (in such circumstances, the third party is bound by similar data protection requirements). We will disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer information (including your Personal Data) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of our company provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of the Website Privacy Policy and provided that the third party only uses your Personal Data for the purposes that you provided it to us. You will be notified in the event of any such transfer and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt-out.
Security
Your Personal Data is held on secure servers hosted by [our Internet Service Provider]. The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your Personal Data.
Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data
You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2002 we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly. To find out what Personal Data we hold on you or to have your Personal Data updated, amended or removed from our database, please email us with a request to the email address at the foot of this site. Any such data subject requests may be subject to the prescribed fee.
Changes to the Website Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Website Privacy Policy will be posted on this website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use Personal Data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Website Privacy Policy, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
The contact details of the person responsible for this site and privacy issues are at the foot of all site pages
Cookie Policy
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies...
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately is most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
This site offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly.
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods.
Email: info@flagshipscuba.com
Phone: +353 1 2845180List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
About Flagship Scuba
Flagship Scuba is Ireland's No. 1 dive store.
With over 20 years in the business, and 60 years diving experience between the team.
Find out more about us here!
Useful Links
Contact Us
About Us
Delivery
Returns
Security, Cookies & Privacy
Enabling Cookies
Latest Blog Posts
Company Info
Call Us +353 1 284 5180
info@flagshipscuba.com
Jenkins Yard, Sandycove, Co Dublin
Open Tuesday - Friday 10am - 5.30pm/Saturday 10.00am - 4pm
Newsletter
Subscribe
© 2017 Flagship Scuba Limited. All Rights Reserved.