https://flap.org/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use Please read the following conditions of use (the “Conditions”) of this Website carefully. By accessing this Website and any pages hereof, you acknowledge the Terms and agree to be bound by them. If you do not agree to the Terms, do not access this Website or any pages hereof. You agree to review the Terms regularly and your continued access or use of this Website means that you have agreed to any and all changes in the Terms. Disclaimer Fatal Light Awareness Program Canada (“FLAP Canada”) is not responsible in any manner for any damages (including direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages) whatsoever and howsoever caused, arising out of, or in connection with, the use of or inability to use this Website, or reliance on the information it contains to take any action or make any decision, or the unauthorized use or reproduction of the information contained in this Website. No warranties Every effort is made to ensure that the information and materials contained on this Website, including text, graphics, links to other Internet resources or other items are accurate, however such information is provided on an “as is” basis without warranty or condition of any kind. This Website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. No warranty of any kind, implied, express, or statutory is given in conjunction with the information and materials on this Website. Changes may be made at any time to the Terms, information and materials contained on this Website without prior notice. Internet software or transmission problems may produce inaccurate or incomplete copies of information and materials that may be downloaded and displayed on any computer. It is not possible to ensure that information will be completely secure as it is being sent over the Internet. FLAP Canada will not accept any liability for any loss you may suffer as a result of a breach in the security of any information you provide to us through the Website. Copyright and trademark © 2017 Fatal Light Awareness Program Canada. All rights reserved. FLAP Canada owns the intellectual property rights in the underlying HTML, text, images, photographs, and other content that may be made available to you on this Website. Unless otherwise specified, no one has permission to copy, redistribute, reproduce, republish, store in any medium, re-transmit, modify or make public or commercial use of, in any form, the information or any other material found on this Website. Certain names, graphics, logos, icons, designs, words, titles, phrases or other content at this Website may constitute trade names or trademarks of FLAP Canada or other entities. The display of any such marks on this Website does not imply the granting of any form of license. All product names mentioned on this Website are the trademarks of their respective owners. Any unauthorized downloading, re-transmission, or other copying or modification of trade-marks and of the contents of this Website may be a violation of federal or other laws that apply to trade-marks and/or copyrights. You are advised that the copies could be subjected to legal action. FLAP CANADA and BIRDSAFE are registered trademarks of Fatal Light Awareness Program Canada; unauthorized use prohibited. FLAP Canada owns the intellectual property rights in the underlying HTML, text, images, photographs, and other content that may be made available to you on this Website. Unless otherwise specified, no one has permission to copy, redistribute, reproduce, republish, store in any medium, re-transmit, modify or make public or commercial use of, in any form, the information or any other material found on this Website. No endorsement for links/software Hyperlinks to relevant content or other Internet resources or Websites (“External Website(s)”) included in this Website are meant for your convenience only and are to be used entirely at your own risk. FLAP Canada has not reviewed, investigated, verified, monitored, endorsed, approved or controlled the content, accuracy, opinions expressed, or other links provided by External Websites, or the products and/or services offered by the owners of External Websites. FLAP Canada makes no representations whatsoever about any External Website which you may access through this Website or any products and/or services made available or promoted through any External Website. When you access an External Website, please understand that it is independent of FLAP Canada, and that FLAP Canada has no control and no responsibility for any content on External Websites. In addition, a link to an External Website does not mean that FLAP Canada endorses or accepts any responsibility or liability for the content or use of such External Website, or any damages in connection with the linking. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever External Website that you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature. Privacy By accessing and/or using the Website, you may provide us with personal information as described in our Privacy Policy. You acknowledge that you have read and understood our Privacy Policy, which governs the collection, use, storage and disclosure of such personal information.
Scroll to top