https://floridasprings.org/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICYInformation CollectedCurrently, the only personal information collected on the floridasprings.org website is your email address (if you send a message with the contact form, or subscribe to the Florida Springs Institute e-newsletter). This information will only be used by the Howard T. Odum Florida Springs Institute to answer any questions you may have, or to send you newsletters and updates.In addition, the floridasprings.org website uses Google Analytics to gather data including visitor IP address, browser type, device type, location, the pages and content visited on the site, and the duration of time spent on the site. This helps us identify overall website trends without specifically identifying visitors.Links to Other SitesThe floridasprings.org website contains links to other websites. These sites will have their own privacy policy. The Howard T. Odum Florida Springs Institute encourages you to review the privacy policy of other websites. This privacy policy only applies to www.floridasprings.org.Changes to this PolicyIf any of our information practices or data collection methods change in the future, we will update our privacy policy and notify you of the changes. If you have concerns about information privacy, we recommend you periodically visit our website to see if any updates have been made.Questions/Contact InformationIf you have any questions about this privacy policy or wish to opt out of receiving communications from us, please contact info@floridaspringsinstitute.org Please allow 5 business days for us to respond to your request.Last Updated: 01/20/20
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...
Quick LinksFlorida Springs Institute
Springs 101
Take Action
Glossary
Store
FAQ
Contact Us
Follow Us
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Subscribe
Opt-in for Florida Springs Institute e-newsletter, Springs Vent!
Go
Email is required.
Email not valid.
Accept GDPR Terms
This field is required
Thanks for your subscription.
Failed to subscribe, please contact admin.
Share Page
Close Menu
×
%d bloggers like this: