https://flyfishing-and-flytying.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Welcome
Welcome to Fly fishing and Fly Tying magazine's website, once you register, you'll gain access to the Blogs, Forum and Shop.
If you cannot register successfully, contact us.
Member Login
Username:
Password:
Remember me
Lost your password?
Search This Site
Keywords:
Log In | Site Search
Close Panel
Terms & Conditions
Advertising
Contact Us
Home
News
Subscribe
Blogs
Articles
Classic Articles
Destinations
Fly Tying
Miscellaneous
Technique
Reviews
Reader Offers
Video
Forums
Back Issues
Other pages
Subscribe now
FF&FT App Sampler
Flip-book
Vacancies
Privacy policy
Existing Subscribers
Terms & Conditions
Advertising
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Please read this document carefully. This website is owned by Rolling River Publications Limited (also referred to here as "Fly Fishing and Fly Tying", "we", "our" and "us"), operating from its base at at Locus Centre, The Square, Aberfeldy, Perthshire, PH15 2DD, United Kingdom. These terms and conditions and your use of this website are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Scotland.
By using the website you ("user", "users", "visitors") acknowledge and agree that:
1. Copyright in this website is owned by Fly Fishing and Fly Tying and all rights are reserved. The website is protected by both copyright and database rights. The contents of this website are the copyright of Fly Fishing and Fly Tying (or under agreement from a copyright owning partner). You are permitted to download and print content from the website for your own personal use. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content of the website, in whole or in part without prior written agreement. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyright material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made and shall include a link to this website.
2. Reproduction of any part of this website without prior permission is strictly prohibited. Fly Fishing and Fly Tying reserves all rights to enforce such rights relating to its name, images and logo.
3. Fly Fishing and Fly Tying takes every care in compiling the content of this website in good faith but gives no guarantee or representation is given that the content is accurate, complete or up-to-date. Use of content on the website is at your own risk.
4. The opinions and views expressed are not necessarily those of the editor.
5. Fly Fishing and Fly Tying takes reasonable precautions to prevent computer viruses and other malicious programs on the website, but no liability is accepted for them. Connection to this site will be transmitted via public telecommunications networks, and Fly Fishing and Fly Tying makes no warranty or representation that the operation of this website will be uninterrupted or error-free, and disclaims all liability in respect thereof.
6. Users submitting comments to this website should follow good practice and comply with the law: this will mean not submitting material that could harass on grounds of sex, race, gender or disability, or is offensive to others sexuality. Comments should be focused on the topic addressed and avoid swear words. User should not submit content that is obscene, threatening, menacing, offensive, defamatory, abusive, or in breach of confidence. Users must avoid offensive comments that identify an individual and that could be libellous. Users must not post material which is the copyright of a third party. Users must not promote information that is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities, or promote an illegal or unauthorised copy of another person's copyrighted work. Users must not engage in the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging, "spimming," or "spamming" viruses, bugs, corrupt data, "worms" etc;
We reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in the opinion of us, violates the above provision, including without limitation, reporting such person to law enforcement authorities.
7. Fly Fishing and Fly Tying reserves the right to edit or delete comments without reason.
8. Fly Fishing and Fly Tying is not responsible or liable for any material supplied by or contained on any third party website which is linked from or to this, or any use of personal data by such a third party. The inclusion of any link on the website does not imply endorsement by Fly Fishing and Fly Tying of the linked site and offers no guarantee or liability for the efficient operation of these sites. Access to linked third party websites is at your own risk. Please note that these Terms and Conditions apply solely to this website and are not to linked third party sites.
You agree to indemnify and hold Fly Fishing and Fly Tying harmless from any loss, liability, demand, claim or legal proceedings brought or threatened, including expenses of any character suffered or incurred arising out of your use of the website or the services in violation of this Agreement, and/or arising from your use of or conduct on the website or in use of the services and/or a breach of this Agreement.
9. Fly Fishing and Fly Tying tracks visitors to its website, and keeps details of their visit in order to gauge interest and improve service.
10. Fly Fishing and Fly Tying reserves the right to charge for the services and to change any applicable fees from time to time in its discretion. If we terminate your website membership or use of any of the services because you have breached the Agreement or other applicable terms and conditions you shall not be entitled to a refund of any unused portion of subscription or registration fees.
11. Any passwords or voucher codes issued to you by us are personal to you and not transferable. Your password is important. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your own password. In becoming a member, you agree not to use the account, screen name, or password of another website member at any time or to disclose their password to any third party. Members agree to notify us immediately by emailing subs.ffft@btinternet.com if you suspect any unauthorised use of your account or access to your password. You are solely responsible for any and all use of your account.
Unless otherwise specified, a voucher code may only be used once. Unless otherwise specified in the terms and conditions related to the voucher code, the terms and conditions related to a voucher code you use in relation to the services are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
12. The services are for the personal use of website members only or, where specified, Users, and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavours except where and to the extent specifically endorsed or approved by Provider. Illegal and/or unauthorised use of the services, including (i) collecting screen names and/or email addresses of website members and/or any other data or content from the website by electronic or other means (including automated web-crawlers and spiders) and whether for the purpose of sending unsolicited email, data aggregation or otherwise; and (ii) unauthorised framing of or linking to the website is prohibited. Using web-crawler, spidering or other automated means to access, copy, process and/or store any content or data made available on the website or through the services other than as may be permitted under the Robot Exclusion Protocol or Automated Content Access Protocol adopted by the website is prohibited except to the extent expressly agreed by provider in writing. In the event of conflict between the terms of the Robot Exclusion Protocol or Automated Content Access Protocol adopted by the Website, the terms of the Automated Content Access Protocol shall prevail. Commercial advertisements and other forms of solicitation are prohibited. Links may be removed at our discretion for any reason. Legal action maybe taken for any illegal or unauthorised use of the services or the website.
13. By displaying, emailing, publishing or submitting for display or publication ("posting") any content on or through the website or the services, you hereby grant to provider a worldwide sub-licensable, perpetual, transferable, non-exclusive, royalty free licence to use in any way whatsoever including but not limited to, public performance, public display, publishing, reproduction, broadcasting, amendment or modification of content, transmission and distribution of content on and through the website, the services and/or any other publication or website published by Rolling River Publications Limited in its different present and future forms, for example: newsprint, Braille, talking book, electronic databases, e-paper, website mobile application or any other facsimile or derivative versions in any medium. The rights granted include without limitation the right to license photocopying, scanning, downloading in electronic or other forms including without limitation and other normal use for the purpose of information or study or as otherwise permitted by copyright law.
Privacy policy
Visitors to this website may opt to receive communications via a variety of means including email newsletters that contains information we believe to be of interest. You can choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information by ticking the relevant data protection boxes whenever you are asked to fill in a form on this website. If you have previously not objected to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you can change your mind at any time by writing to Fly Fishing and Fly Tying, Locus Centre, The Square, Aberfeldy, Perthshire PH15 2DD, United Kingdom (email: subs.ffft@btinternet.com).
Fly Fishing and Fly Tying is committed to protecting the privacy of all personal information collected from you. By using this website, you indicate your consent to the collection and use of such information in accordance with the following Privacy Policy. We may ask you to provide certain information when you use the website. You will know when we are collecting information intended to be kept for future use because the web page will contain a link to this privacy policy. The information collected may include:
• your name, occupation and job title
• postal/e-mail address
• details about services you specifically request
• details from documents you complete on-line
• other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
We may:
• send service-related information to you which we think may be of relevance/interest to you
• send information relating to you or others if you indicate that you want to receive marketing material or similar communications
• provide other companies, such as advertisers, with statistical information about our clients, (but we will not provide them with information which can be used to identify any individual client or contact)
• pass your details to accountants, consultants and other professionals and third parties, but only for the purpose of obtaining professional advice and complying with our contractual obligations to you
• request optional information such as your interests in order to provide more tailored products and services to you (e.g. through internal research, data analysis, market research and product research)
Sale of services and products on this website
You have the right to return the goods and receive a refund within seven days of purchase except in the case of the sale of an issue of any magazine, any digital product which the consumer has unsealed or otherwise started using, or other product which by it nature has a time-specific value (e.g. an event ticket). We will refund your postage costs for returning goods on request. When you make a purchase from our web-shop (e.g. purchasing a subscription or a single copy of the current issue) you will receive written confirmation of your transaction. All queries related to the supply of products or services should be made to: Fly Fishing and Fly Tying, Locus Centre, The Square, Aberfeldy, Perthshire PH15 2DD, United Kingdom (email: subs.ffft@btinternet.com).
This service is provided "as is" with no warranties whatsoever. All express, implied, and statutory warranties, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights are expressly disclaimed to the fullest extent permitted by law. Neither Rolling River Publications Ltd, nor Fly Fishing and Fly Tying shall be liable under any circumstances for the use or misuse of this service. Such limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law to prevent the recovery of direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary and punitive damages (even if Fly Fishing and Fly Tying has been notified of such damages).
Revision of terms
These terms and conditions may be modified from time to time. Continued access or use of this website by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to these terms and conditions.
Search the site
Search all sectionsAny Channel
Articles
Blog
Issues
News
Pages
Reader Offers
Reviews
Video
Advertise on this site
Subscribe
Contact Us
Rolling River Publications Ltd
The Locus Centre,
The Square,
Aberfeldy,
Perthshire PH15 2DD
Tel: 01887 829868
Fax: 01887 829856
© 2010 Fly Fishing & Fly Tying Magazine | Designed by SBP Creative