http://fortsmithmountainmen.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:
Fort Smith Mountain Men ("Fort Smith Mountain Men")
operates http://fortsmithmountainmen.com and may operate other websites. It
is Fort Smith Mountain Men's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Fort Smith Mountain Men collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Fort Smith Mountain Men's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Fort Smith Mountain Men's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Fort Smith Mountain Men may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Fort Smith Mountain Men also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://fortsmithmountainmen.com
blogs/sites. Fort Smith Mountain Men only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Fort Smith Mountain Men's websites choose to interact
with Fort Smith Mountain Men in ways that require Fort Smith Mountain Men to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Fort Smith Mountain Men gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at http://fortsmithmountainmen.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Fort Smith Mountain Men are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Fort Smith Mountain Men collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Fort Smith Mountain Men. Fort Smith Mountain Men does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Fort Smith Mountain Men may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Fort Smith Mountain Men may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Fort Smith Mountain Men does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Fort Smith Mountain Men discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Fort Smith Mountain Men's behalf or to provide services available
at Fort Smith Mountain Men's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Fort Smith Mountain Men's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Fort Smith Mountain Men will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Fort Smith Mountain Men discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Fort Smith Mountain Men believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Fort Smith Mountain Men, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Fort Smith Mountain Men website and have supplied your email address, Fort Smith Mountain Men
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Fort Smith Mountain Men and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Fort Smith Mountain Men takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Fort Smith Mountain Men uses cookies to
help Fort Smith Mountain Men identify and track visitors, their usage of Fort Smith Mountain Men
website, and their website access preferences. Fort Smith Mountain Men visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Fort Smith Mountain Men's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Fort Smith Mountain Men's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Fort Smith Mountain Men, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Fort Smith Mountain Men goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Fort Smith Mountain Men may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Fort Smith Mountain Men and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Fort Smith Mountain Men may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Fort Smith Mountain Men's sole
discretion. Fort Smith Mountain Men encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a http://fortsmithmountainmen.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Search
SponsoredCategories
Health Exercise 1
Healthy living 4
Healthy living food 2
Medical & Cosmetic 2
Medical Marijuana 1
Physiotherapy 1
Weight loss or diet 3
Recent Posts
Benefits of Chiropractic
The Difference Between Non-Surgical And Surgical Facelifts
Why You Should Use Coolsculpting?
Using Medical Marijuana for Treating Anxiety
Why Physiotherapy For Treating Sports Injuries?
TagsB.C.
Calorie Misconceptions
Coolsculpting
Coolsculpting at EverYoungMed in Vancouver
EverYoung Laser
faster fat loos
Fat Protein Efficient Diet
Home Care Services
Home Care Services Benefits
Home Care Services for Seniors
how to achieve a healthy weight
Macronutrients
Meal Timing
Physiotherapy
Physiotherapy for Sports Injuries
Physiotherapy for Sports Injuries winnipeg
Skin & Beauty Clinic
weight loss
weight loss programs