https://forums.lr4x4.com/privacy/
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
At LR4x4 we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it provides guidance on the basis on which we collect, store and process your personal data.
In this Privacy Policy, a reference to “you” means the person whose personal information we collect, use and process. We will use your personal data only for the purposes and in the manner set out below to ensure the we process any of your personal data is in compliance with the Data Protection Acts 1998 and 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and any subsequent amendments to data protection legislation.
By using our forum, you agree to the collection, use and transfer of the information you provide to us in line with this Privacy Policy. We will update this Policy from time to time as the need arises.
Information we collect, hold and how we use it.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect, you have provided to us, use and otherwise process about you in connection with your relationship with us as a member of the forum.
We may collect and process the following but are not limited to:
-    Personal information – Name
-    Contact details – Email address, Location (Where given);
-    IT information – IP addresses, Username
It is unlikely that we will need to collect Sensitive Personal Information about you. “Sensitive Personal Information” is defined as your racial or ethnic origin, religious, political or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, and biometric data for the purposes of unique identification, trade union membership or information about your health/sex life and personal information relating to criminal convictions or offences. However, in some circumstances, we may need to collect or request voluntarily some Sensitive Personal Information for legitimate purposes.
How do we use your personal information?
The main purposes for which we use your personal information are:
-    to accept you as a user of the forum;
-    to allow you to post on any of the forum boards;
-    to provide you with information or news about the forum and our activities;
-    to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between us;
-    to provide you with relevant marketing communications;
-    to answer your technical and support queries;
-    to third parties in order that we comply with all legal and regulatory requirements; and
-    where you have given us permission, to contact you from time to time to keep you up to date
Purposes for processing personal information
-    where you have given your consent to the processing of your personal data;
-    to enable us to perform our obligations under any contract with you;
-    for legitimate interests provided these are not overridden by your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms e.g., to respond to your enquiries;
-    where we must comply with a legal obligation to disclose your personal information to a government and/or regulatory bodies and other third parties where required to do so by applicable law.
Data Retention
Your personal data will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfill the specific purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and to allow us to comply with our legal requirements.
The criteria we use to determine data retention periods include the following:
-    In case of queries - we may retain your personal data for a reasonable period in case of a follow up query from you.
-    In case of claims - we may retain your personal data for the period in which you might legally bring claims against us (this means we will retain it for at least 7 years) if and to the extent this is relevant.
-    In accordance with legal and regulatory requirements - we will consider whether we need to retain your personal data after the period of retention in the case of queries or claims because of a legal or regulatory requirement. Some or all of these criteria may be relevant to retention of your personal data collected from you in connection with the forum.
-    Permitted under applicable law - we will continue to retain personal data where necessary to provide the forum to you and where the retention of such personal data is necessary for the purposes of pursuing our legitimate interests.
Please note that, although reasonable efforts will be taken, it may not always be possible to completely remove or delete all your personal information from our database or the forum server because of back-ups and other technical reasons. Where this is the case, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is suppressed to render it unusable.
Your data privacy rights
You may exercise the rights available to you under data protection laws as follows:
1.      The right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data. However, we may continue to process your personal information if there is an alternative legal basis for the processing;
2.      The right to request access to or obtain a copy of the personal data we hold about you. Any request will be processed within 30 days in accordance with the GDPR;
3.      The right to rectification including to require us to correct inaccurate personal data;
4.      The right to request restriction of processing concerning you or to object to processing of your personal data if processing is based on legitimate interests or direct marketing etc.;
5.      The right to request the erasure of your personal data where it is no longer necessary for us to retain it;
6.      The right to data portability;
7.      The right to object to automated decision making including profiling (if any) that has a legal or significant effect on you as an individual;
Security
We endeavour to use appropriate technical and physical security measures to protect your personal data which is collected, stored or otherwise processed by us, from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access. These measures include storing personal data on a secure server/database which is accessed via some internal control procedures protected with the username, password and IP address of our authorized users; storing hashed information as opposed to passwords and using secure cloud storage for database backups. Our service providers are also selected carefully and required to use appropriate protective measures.
As effective as modern security practices are, no physical or electronic security system is entirely secure. The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted over the internet. Any transmission of data is at your own risk. Once we receive your data, we will use appropriate security measures to seek to prevent unauthorised access. We will continue to revise policies and implement additional security features as new technologies become available.
If there is an interception or unauthorised access to your personal data, we will not be liable or responsible for any resulting misuse of your personal information.
We monitor and moderate the use and content of messages including any secure and/or private messages sent from and received by us so that we can identify and take legal action against unlawful or improper use of our systems e.g., transmitting computer viruses and attempts to prevent our website or other systems from working.
Third Parties
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Privacy Policy
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
reCAPTCHA V2
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
Browse
Back
Forums
Calendar
Gallery
Blogs
Staff
Online Users
Activity
Back
All Activity
Leaderboard
Search
Forum Charter
Donating & Supporters Titles
Cookies
Privacy Policy
×
Create New...
Important Information
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience. By using our website you agree to our Cookie Policy
I accept