https://freewheeling.ca/privacypolicy.html
Activity Level
×
To help you choose an appropriate level of daily challenge, we use elevation profiles to represent the route, and a challenge-rating system using symbols from the skiing world. Many of you will already be familiar with it; If not, here
is a brief explanation. Note that these classifications may vary with weather and/or road conditions, and you should always arrive with a sense of fun and adventure. If you are unsure, choose a guided trip. The vehicle support can help
you get over any hill, and can turn even the most difficult trip into an easy one.
The easiest routes we offer, these are generally flat and cover relatively relaxed distances. You will be comfortable riding a hybrid bike, walking in sneakers, or paddling a light kayak, and will normally have time to take many
photos and enjoy extended lunches.
Requiring moderate fitness levels, these cover terrain with hills and valleys, and tend to include distances of 50-80km (30-50mi.)/day cycling, or 3-6 hours of walking per day. Most Freewheeling Adventures fall into this category,
and are suitable for most ability levels.
The most challenging trips, these include longer distances, bigger hills, long hikes, exposed paddling, and full days of activity. We recommend a higher degree of fitness and training to make the most of the experience.
There is also a rare double black diamond, reserved for only the most difficult adventures.
CALL 800-672-0775
Close
Join a group of like-minded adventurers!
×
Scheduled, Guided Freewheeling Adventures
Combine the pleasures of sharing the experience with others while travelling at your own pace, and having full vehicle support and the caring service of at least one guide per six people. Your luggage is moved for you, and the group
nature usually attracts travellers with plenty in common with you. Although participants often spread out along the route during the day, night times become enriched by shared stories and entertainment, and groups often make plans
together for tomorrow’s ride, or next year’s holiday.
CALL 800-672-0775
Close
Enjoy greater independence!
×
Self-Guided Freewheeling Adventures
Travel by yourself, with vehicle support to enable and enhance your itinerary, and a driver on call nearby to help and move your luggage for you. You can choose your own travel dates (except when there is a guided tour on the same
route), or join other self-guided adventurers on their selected dates. Give us as much advance notice as you can, so that we can secure the best options for you; however, we will do our best to make it happen even if you want to start
next week.
CALL 800-672-0775
Close
Custom or Private Tours, or new dates!
×
Self- Supported
New text  Here are some terms:
Travel this itinerary without any vehicle or guide/driver support. We provide lodging and most breakfasts, written directions, maps, and phone support in case you need it. You are otherwise on your own. Bike rental, if necessary, is
still available.
CALL 800-672-0775
Close
Please choose your activity
×
Bicycle or Multisport
Hike / Walk
Kayak
For how may people are you booking?
1 person
2 people
3-4 people
For how may people are you booking?
1 person
2 people
3-4 people
For how may people are you booking?
1 person
2 people
3-4 people
Close
Custom or Private Tours
×
Do you want different dates?
Would you like to change the itinerary?
We can adapt.
We are willing to add new dates, for group or private tours, where possible and given enough time. The price usually remains as advertised for a group of four or more on a guided trip, or for two people if it's self-guided. We may need
to make changes to itineraries and prices, for example when the originally listed inns are already booked.
All you need to do is to fill out our reservation form, with your new dates. We will confirm quickly - usually within 24 hours on weekdays, and can then add the date to our advertising to attract others. If you prefer to keep it private,
just tell us. The proviso is that if there are just two of you booking a guided trip, the cost will normally be higher in the event that others do not join you - you should anticipate at least 20%. The bright side is that, once reserved,
you can count on the trip, whether it remains private or becomes a larger group.
We are very flexible, and given sufficient time to do so, can create a new departure, and even a customized itinerary, to match your needs.
CALL 800-672-0775
Close
About
Introduction
What to expect
Meet the team
Bike rentals
Terms & Conditions
Enviromental policy
Privacy policy
Photo sharing
Video showcase
Social media
Blog
Choose your trip
BY REGION
Nova Scotia
Prince Edward Island
Newfoundland
Quebec & Ontario
Western Canada
Iceland
Scandinavia & Finland
British Isles & Ireland
Western Europe
Eastern Europe
Israel
Japan & Mongolia
BY ACTIVITY
Bike
Hike
Multisport
Sea Kayak
Family trips
Trips with solos
Low-traffic trips
Sail Loft Yoga
N.S. day trips
N.S. bike rentals
N.S. boat rentals
BY DATE
Jan-Apr
May
June
July
August
September
Oct-Dec
Join a group
Tour list by country
Contact
Contact info
E - newsletter
Purchase jersey
Boathouse rental
Employment
Evaluation forms
Links
Join a group
Reserve a trip
We have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our respect for your privacy and the protection of your information.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Your information is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you, and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
Why did you receive mail or email from us?
If you received email or mail from us, you either provided us with your address for the purpose of receiving information, or you have purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We receive occasional requests from existing customers who want us to send information to their friends. If that includes you, we will contact you to make sure you want to receive information or stay on our mailing list. In any case, we respect your time and attention by minimizing the frequency of, and maximizing the relevancy of, our mailings. We normally mail one adventure booklet annually, and send emailnews only when we have news of potential interest or value to you.
How can you stop receiving mail or email from us?
Each email sent contains an easy way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email newsletter.
If you have received unwanted mail from us, you may ask to be removed from our mail or email list by calling (Canada) 902-857-3600, faxing (Canada) 902-857-3612, emailing us, or by mail at Freewheeling Adventures, RR#1, Hubbards, Nova Scotia, B0J 1T0, Canada.
This policy was updated January 15th, 2018.
Unsubscribe to our newsletter
We orchestrate enthusiastic people, fascinating destinations, quality equipment, nutritious cuisine, and luxurious rest, to create extraordinary active holidays for small groups and individuals. We promote
active travel to enrich experience and maintain good health. On top of it all, we seek spontaneity, serendipity, and fun.
Call (1) 902-857-3600 or 800-672-0775
Quick Links
Reserve A Trip
Equipment Rentals
Join A Group
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Links
Videos
Blog
Contact Us
Email Us
(1) 902-857-3600or Toll-free: 800-672-0775
2118 Route 329 The Lodge, Lunenburg Co. NS, Canada, B0J 1T0
All contents & photography © 2020 Freewheeling Adventures |
Sitemap |
Privacy Policy