https://freewheeling.ca/termsConditions.html
Activity Level
×
To help you choose an appropriate level of daily challenge, we use elevation profiles to represent the route, and a challenge-rating system using symbols from the skiing world. Many of you will already be familiar with it; If not, here is a brief explanation. Note that these classifications may vary with weather and/or road conditions, and you should always arrive with a sense of fun and adventure. If you are unsure, choose a guided trip. The vehicle support can help you get over any hill, and can turn even the most difficult trip into an easy one.
The easiest routes we offer, these are generally flat and cover relatively relaxed distances. You will be comfortable riding a hybrid bike, walking in sneakers, or paddling a light kayak, and will normally have time to take many photos and enjoy extended lunches.
Requiring moderate fitness levels, these cover terrain with hills and valleys, and tend to include distances of 50-80km (30-50mi.)/day cycling, or 3-6 hours of walking per day. Most Freewheeling Adventures fall into this category, and are suitable for most ability levels.
The most challenging trips, these include longer distances, bigger hills, long hikes, exposed paddling, and full days of activity. We recommend a higher degree of fitness and training to make the most of the experience.
There is also a rare double black diamond, reserved for only the most difficult adventures.
CALL 800-672-0775
Close
Join a group of like-minded adventurers!
×
Scheduled, Guided Freewheeling Adventures
Combine the pleasures of sharing the experience with others while travelling at your own pace, and having full vehicle support and the caring service of at least one guide per six people. Your luggage is moved for you, and the group nature usually attracts travellers with plenty in common with you. Although participants often spread out along the route during the day, night times become enriched by shared stories and entertainment, and groups often make plans together for tomorrow’s ride, or next year’s holiday.
CALL 800-672-0775
Close
Enjoy greater independence!
×
Self-Guided Freewheeling Adventures
Travel by yourself, with vehicle support to enable and enhance your itinerary, and a driver on call nearby to help and move your luggage for you. You can choose your own travel dates (except when there is a guided tour on the same route), or join other self-guided adventurers on their selected dates. Give us as much advance notice as you can, so that we can secure the best options for you; however, we will do our best to make it happen even if you want to start next week.
CALL 800-672-0775
Close
Custom or Private Tours, or new dates!
×
Self- Supported
New text  Here are some terms:
Travel this itinerary without any vehicle or guide/driver support. We provide lodging and most breakfasts, written directions, maps, and phone support in case you need it. You are otherwise on your own. Bike rental, if necessary, is still available.
CALL 800-672-0775
Close
Please choose your activity
×
Bicycle or Multisport
Hike / Walk
Kayak
For how may people are you booking?
1 person
2 people
3-4 people
For how may people are you booking?
1 person
2 people
3-4 people
For how may people are you booking?
1 person
2 people
3-4 people
Close
Custom or Private Tours
×
Do you want different dates?
Would you like to change the itinerary?
We can adapt.
We are willing to add new dates, for group or private tours, where possible and given enough time. The price usually remains as advertised for a group of four or more on a guided trip, or for two people if it's self-guided. We may need to make changes to itineraries and prices, for example when the originally listed inns are already booked. All you need to do is to fill out our reservation form, with your new dates. We will confirm quickly - usually within 24 hours on weekdays, and can then add the date to our advertising to attract others. If you prefer to keep it private, just tell us. The proviso is that if there are just two of you booking a guided trip, the cost will normally be higher in the event that others do not join you - you should anticipate at least 20%. The bright side is that, once reserved, you can count on the trip, whether it remains private or becomes a larger group.
We are very flexible, and given sufficient time to do so, can create a new departure, and even a customized itinerary, to match your needs.
CALL 800-672-0775
Close
About
Introduction
What to expect
Meet the team
Bike rentals
Terms & Conditions
Enviromental policy
Privacy policy
Photo sharing
Video showcase
Social media
Blog
Choose your trip
BY REGION
Nova Scotia
Prince Edward Island
Newfoundland
Quebec & Ontario
Western Canada
Iceland
Scandinavia & Finland
British Isles & Ireland
Western Europe
Eastern Europe
Israel
Japan & Mongolia
BY ACTIVITY
Bike
Hike
Multisport
Sea Kayak
Family trips
Trips with solos
Low-traffic trips
Sail Loft Yoga
N.S. day trips
N.S. bike rentals
N.S. boat rentals
BY DATE
Jan-Apr
May
June
July
August
September
Oct-Dec
Join a group
Tour list by country
Contact
Contact info
E - newsletter
Purchase jersey
Boathouse rental
Employment
Evaluation forms
Links
Join a group
Reserve a trip
Reserve your holiday now
Once we confirm your reservation, you can make other travel arrangements with confidence that we will stick with your trip (as far as we can with pandemic travel restrictions), even for low enrolment, based on the conditions outlined below.
Please use our reservation form, or call us at 1-800-672-0775 (outside N. America call 01-902-857-3600) to reserve your space. Payments can be made with VISA, MasterCard, cheque, EMT, or bank transfer. All prices are per person, and are based on double occupancy. During the pandemic, we are accepting reservations with no deposit necessary until the relevant border restrictions are lifted, and/or the inns require deposits to secure rooms again. Once that happens for your chosen destination, we will require a non-refundable planning deposit of just $500 per person. Your balance will be due 45 days before start date, and is 80% refundable up until departure if you receive a positive covid test or the border restrictions are re-imposed. Otherwise, there will be no refunds available. Cancellation/interruption insurance is strongly recommended. You will be required to sign our standard tour agreement, and to answer a covid questionnaire.
Changes and Cancellations
If, after reserving your adventure, you want to switch to another adventure or date in the same calendar year, you must provide at least 60 days' notice, and pay a change fee of $100 per person (+ tax in Canada). If you want to postpone until the next calendar year, and give us at least 60 days' notice, the change fee will be $200 (+ tax in Canada). All other changes, with the exception of pandemic-imposed ones, will be treated as cancellations.
Cancellations must be received in writing to avoid unnecessary charges. Trip cancellation/interruption insurance is strongly recommended.
US residents can obtain quotes and purchase coverage from CSA through this link.
Canadian residents: please contact us for travel insurance options provided by 21st Century Insurance.
Cancellations received in writing at least 60 days in advance of start date will receive a 50% refund of any deposit paid.
Cancellations received between 60 and 30 days ahead will forfeit deposit.
Cancellations within 30 days, or early departures from your tour, require full payment of the tour cost.
Our Changes
We reserve the right to change prices and itineraries without notice. If relevant currency exchange differs significantly between advertised print date and final balance due date, we reserve the right to apply fair adjustment to the final balance. We reserve the right to cancel trips when circumstances make it necessary, in which case a full refund of tour costs only will be provided, but in force majeure situations - cancellations because of acts of god, war, government actions, pandemics, or anything else beyond our control, we will not be responsible or liable for refunds, and cancellation insurance is strongly recommended to cover such situations. We reserve the right to deny participation to anyone endangering or disrupting the enjoyment of any other trip participants, in our estimation.
How we Guarantee your Dates
Self-guided trips are immediately guaranteed if there are two participants. For guided trips, we usually need at least four participants to operate at the advertised price. If, 45 days before your guided departure date, there are fewer than four, the following choices may be offered:
Switch to the self-guided format of the same trip. Your cost usually becomes lower than for a guided trip, and we can switch it back to guided if we receive sufficient last-minute bookings.
Switch to another trip in the same year. The usual switch fee is waived.
Proceed with a privately-guided trip for two or three people, at additional cost that varies from trip to trip – usually a minimum of 20%. Again, if others join last-minute, the additional cost is refunded.
Cancel for a full refund.
Solo Travelers
All adventure prices are per person, and based on double occupancy. Single occupancy charges reflect the cost of having a room by yourself. If you prefer to share or to avoid the extra cost, and are joining an advertised departure, give us as much notice as you can, and we will do our best to match you with a roommate of the same gender. If you reserve at least 120 days in advance, and are willing to share a room, we will reduce the single occupancy charge by 50% if we are unable to match you with a roommate and you end up in a room by yourself, where shared occupancy is available. Within 120 days, the single occupancy charge must apply until we are able to match you up, in which case any charge will be refunded. Please note that private groups and self-guided tours are are not eligible for single occupancy exemption, and that the exemption can only apply where shared occupancy is available (see below).
Shared Twin Occupancy
Most inns have rooms available with two beds, suitable for sharing by those wanting to avoid single occupancy charges. However, where suitable twin-bedded rooms have already been booked or are otherwise not available, a pro-rated or full single occupancy charge will apply.
Triple Occupancy
If a third participant shares a room with two other full-paying guests, they will receive a 15% adventure discount, or part thereof pro-rated to reflect availability of rooms with a third bed. This will become 20% if they are 12 or under, or 50% if under five years old. Please note that this becomes more readily available if you can accept a temporary bed.
Choosing Your Holiday
We want you to know what to expect so you can select an appropriate level of daily challenge and activity, and understand the difference between Freewheeling Adventures guided and self-guided tour options.
Rewards
Rewards apply to any guided trip of five days or more as advertised, booked directly with Freewheeling. They are not applicable to self-guided, self-supported, private or customized trips, or new departures requested less than six months in advance unless they fill (10ppl+). They can be combined with each other without limit, but cannot be combined with any other discounts, prizes, or rebates.
Referral Rewards
If you have referred new customers to book directly with us since your last Freewheeling Adventure, you are entitled to a referral reward. Each new guest who mentions you as a referrer will allow you $125 off your next trip in the same season. Qualifying referrals apply to new guests, excluding family members, who have never traveled with Freewheeling before, and who identify you as where they heard about us. They apply to your next payment once they have confirmed a scheduled guided trip of five days or more. You can ask your referrals to tell us you recommended us, or you can simply give us their name and contact details yourself. Unless they are already on our list, we will send them our invitation, and once they book, can apply the credit to your next adventure. Please claim the reward when you reserve your next trip, or before your final balance is due.
Frequency Rewards
Once you have participated in any adventure, we will apply a $125 discount on successive trips within three years.
Luggage restrictions
Luggage is restricted to two soft-sided duffel style pieces per person. One may be large, and the other must conform to airline carry-on rules, usually used as a day bag. Hard sided suitcases and extra luggage, including bike boxes, must be declared at booking, and may incur extra fees to be determined based on circumstance.
All details, conditions and pricing are subject to change without notice.
We orchestrate enthusiastic people, fascinating destinations, quality equipment, nutritious cuisine, and luxurious rest, to create extraordinary active holidays for small groups and individuals. We promote active travel to enrich experience and maintain good health. On top of it all, we seek spontaneity, serendipity, and fun.
Call (1) 902-857-3600 or 800-672-0775
Quick Links
Reserve A Trip
Equipment Rentals
Join A Group
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Links
Videos
Blog
Contact Us
Email Us
(1) 902-857-3600
or Toll-free:
800-672-0775
2118 Route 329
The Lodge,
Lunenburg Co.
NS, Canada, B0J 1T0
All contents & photography © 2020 Freewheeling Adventures |
Sitemap |
Privacy Policy