http://gcpba.org/privacy-policy/
Grand Canyon Private Boaters Association
To ensure the ability for all to obtain an opportunity to experience a float trip through the Grand Canyon while protecting the resource.
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://gcpba.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We keep contact form submissions for a certain period for customer service purposes, but we do not use the information submitted through the forms for marketing purposes.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We do not collect any analytics data. However, many web hosting accounts collect some anonymous analytics data.
Who we share your data with
We do not share any personal data with anyone.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Contact information
You may contact GCPBA with any questions at this address: webmaster@gcpba.org
Comments are closed.
Banner photos credit: David Herberg©2012 www.dherberg.com/ and
Rich Phillips
Entire contents©2012 Grand Canyon Private Boaters Association
Website Design & Maintenance by Ravenworks Website Design & Desktop Publishing
Site Content
Page One – Let’s Go Boating!
About –
Mission Statement and Directors Profiles
GCPBA Board of Directors
GCPBA Info Corner – Mile By Mile Campsite List and more
Grand Canyon Trip Info
Join / Donate
Membership Signup
Donate to the GCPBA
Members Area
How to Contact GCPBA
Forums
GCPBA Facebook
Making Trip Connections
Feature Story/Current Events
PUBLICATIONS – Waiting List/RiverNews/Newswires
GCPBA RiverNews – Current and archived news concerning river runners
GCPBA On the River
GCPBA Waiting List archive
GCPBA Online Store
Colorado River Management Plan / History / Legal
Photos
River Data
GCPBA Interactive River and Campsite Atlas
5 Mile Camp
6 Mile Camp
Badger Camp (RM 8.1)
Jackass Canyon Camp (RM 8.1)
8.5 L Mile Camp
Grand Canyon Colorado River Rapids, Camps and Features By Mile Directory
River Trip Reports
Grand Canyon River Trips
River Trips Around the World
Low Water Trip Musings
Current River Flows
GCPBA Surveys
GCPBA Current Survey
GCPBA Past Surveys
Discounts For GCPBA Members
Gear List!
Privacy Policy
GCPBA CategoriesGCPBA Categories
Select Category
Colorado River Management Plan / History / Legal  (21)
Feature Stories / Current Events  (10)
GCPBA Info Corner – Mile By Mile Campsite List and more  (23)
GCPBA News  (27)
Grand Canyon Trip Info  (8)
Latest News  (3)
Members Area  (0)
GCPBA Members  (1)
Publications  (141)
GCPBA RiverNews – Current and archived news concerning river runners  (107)
GCPBA Waiting List archive  (32)
River Data  (2)
River Trip Reports  (20)
Grand Canyon River Trips  (17)
Low Water Trip Musings  (1)
River Trips Around the World  (2)
The GCPBA Waiting List  (1)
Uncategorized  (3)
GCPBA Helpful Links
Grand Canyon Lottery
Grand Canyon N.P.S.
Grand Canyon Weather
River Internet Links Directory
You must Log-In to post comments.
Register Log in
Search GCPBA
Search for:
Subscribe to GCPBA RiverNews
© 2020 - Grand Canyon Private Boaters Association