http://georgiatrails.com/privacypol.html
Friday, December 11, 2020
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
Georgia TrailsPrivacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses all information gathering techniques and policies on use of said information currently used by Georgia Trails.
This web site is created and managed by Golden Ink, Inc., a Georgia Corporation.
Golden Ink solicits e-mail addresses for the purposes of further communication with a party.
Any e-mail address sent to Golden Ink is deemed confidential and will not be shared with any individual, organization, or corporation other than Golden Ink.
Golden Ink maintains a number of mailing lists through a third-party vendor, Topica.com, which is owned by Topica, Inc. and to which Golden Ink has access.
The addresses maintained in this database are also deemed confidential by Golden Ink and Topica, Inc and will not be released by Golden Ink or Topica, Inc, or any employee of either corporation.
We will not contact any person who submits any e-mail address for any purpose other than the original intended communication.
Email addresses will not be added to any future mailing lists, sold, or in any way disclosed to a third-party.
Golden Ink also collects addresses for additional information by mail.
These addresses are used expressly for the purposes collected.
Because of the diversity of some of the locations involved mail may come from more than one location, however, addresses collected through this means are never divulged to any third-party.
Third Party Advertising
We use DoubleClick and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your browser.
Recently changed
New on GeorgiaTrails.com
Vickery Creek Trail Complex, Roswell
Dick's Creek Falls, Clayton
Glen Falls, Lookout Mountain
More new trails
Quick links
The Appalachian Trail
Trails with waterfalls
Scenic Trails
Trails by City
Trails by Name
Find a trail
Parks
Features
Medicine
Downloads
Bookstore
Feedback
Links
About North Georgia
Backpacker Magazine
Front •
New Trails •
Changes •
Appalachian Trail in Georgia •
Find a trail •
Georgia's Waterfalls
Georgia Trails recommends