http://ghma.on.ca/wp/about-us/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
GHMA Privacy Policy
Events
Stampede 2020
Woodward 2020
Mosport
Membership
Classifieds
Cruise Nights
Members Gallery
Gen 1 to 2: 1964 – 1978
Gen 3 to 4: 1979 – 2004
Gen 5 to 6: 2005 – Present
Member Networking
Become a Member/ Renew
Members Login
Membership Card
Apparel
Sponsors
News
Newsletters 2018 – Current
Newsletters 2015 – 2017
Contact Us
GHMA Privacy Policy GHMA Privacy Policy
Who we are
We are the GHMA – Golden Horseshoe Mustang Association, established in 1995, located in Ontario Canada.
Our website address is: http://ghma.on.ca/wp
Contact information is shown on our Contacts Us page.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We do not track or collect any personal data about visitors to our site.
Registered GHMA members have very limited functionality and can only renew their memberships. Any information provided by our members are used to renew their membership and to let them know when their membership is up for renewal.
No financial information is kept on our website. All financial information is handled securely offsite via PayPal, Visa and Mastercard.
The GHMA does not, and will not disclose the information of its members, nor will it use the information of its members for any purpose without their consent.
For our Members, authorized access to your personal information is restricted to those persons who have a legitimate purpose to know that information – such as the membership officer.
Please be aware however, that any email or other transmission you send through the internet cannot be completely protected against unauthorized interception.
Security
NOTE: IP addresses, date and time stamps as well as other information of various bad actors and any hacking attempts are automatically logged and kept for legal & security purposes. This information will then be forwarded to the appropriate legal authorities as required.
We take the security of our website and its members very seriously. Various stringent security precautions are in place and live monitoring is carried out on a regular basis.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles and links on this site may include embedded content such as videos, images, text articles and so on.
Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you by the use of cookies, embedded additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content. This may also include tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Legal Disclaimer
Although we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information as follows:
When required by law to comply with a judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process served on us and to protect users of our Website from fraudulent or abusive use.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time we may review our Privacy Policy and make any changes as needed in order to update the information in the future.
Visiting and using our Website constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and your consent to the practices it describes.
Events
Classifieds
Cruise Nights
Members Gallery
Member Networking
Become a Member/ Renew
Recent News
GHMA Guest Speaker: Joe DaSilva January 2019
2018 Mustang News Wrap Up …
Tribute: Jim King – Shelby American’s historian and GHMA Founder
GHMA Beginnings… how we started.