https://giesen.co.nz/terms-of-use/
Welcome
New Zealand, Australia, and Asia Pacific
Rest of the World
By entering this site, you agree that you are of legal drinking age in your country
Enter Site
You need to be of legal drinking age in your country to enter this site
Terms of Use
Age RequirementYou may only use this website if you are of legal drinking age in your country of residence. You must exit the website if you do not meet this requirement.
Introduction The use of this website is governed by these terms and conditions, which may be amended by us from time to time. Every time you use this website, you acknowledge to us that you have read these terms and conditions and agree to be bound by them.
Privacy and Personal InformationAny personal information submitted by you on this website is governed by our Privacy Policy.
Intellectual property and restrictions on use of contentUnless expressly stated otherwise, all intellectual property rights appearing on this website (such as names, trademarks, logos and copyright material) are owned by us and/or our related companies. You must not use that intellectual property in any way whatsoever, except as expressly permitted by us in writing.
Items for DownloadOccasionally certain materials may be expressly made available by us for downloading from the website. Any use of such items are entirely at your own risk. Unless stated otherwise, we grant to you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use the relevant items for your own personal use. You must not copy, communicate to the public, modify, reverse engineer, or otherwise transfer any right in them.
Links to Third Party SitesThere may be links to other websites or advertisements of goods and services available from other parties on our website. We are not responsible for those websites, their content or the goods and services available on them.
DisclaimerWhile we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that this website is accurate, the website and its contents are provided on an “as is” basis. To the maximum extent permitted by law, all warranties in respect of this website and the information contained in it (including the content of or use of this site, the security of your computer in accessing this site, computer viruses, the availability uptime and security of this site and the integrity of data accessed through this site) are excluded. We (including our related companies) are not liable for any loss or damage which you may suffer as a result of using this website. We reserve the right to revise content of, or withdraw access to this website at any time without notice or liability to you.
Social media house rulesGiesen Group Limited and its associated brands maintains an official social media presence on Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram and Twitter.
Giesen Group Limited recognises it plays an important role in promoting the responsible consumption of alcohol. To follow or engage with any of our social media channels, you must be of legal drinking age in your country of residence. If there is no legal age for consuming alcohol in your country, you must be over 18.
If you post a photo to Instagram, Twitter or Facebook and you tag the photo with #Giesen, #Giesenwine, #Giesenwines, @Giesenwine, @Giesen or @Giesenwines or post directly on our Giesen Wines Facebook Page wall, then you are granting Giesen Group a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, revocable, non-transferable, perpetual licence to use, modify, publicly display and reproduce, your photo, including without limitation, in: any online media formats and through any social media channels, pages or accounts; and advertising promotional materials (whether in printed or electronic form), such as brochures, on Giesen Wines websites and in emails.
Giesen Group Limited reserves the right to remove any posts, photos, videos and/or comments for any reason. Giesen Group Limited also expects that you abide by the terms of use of the social media channel you are engaging on.
Be responsible. Any posts or material that promotes excessive or irresponsible drinking of alcoholic beverages will be removed. Please do not share content from our social media channels with anyone under the legal drinking age of their country of residence.
Be respectful. Do not post any content that is abusive, defamatory, offensive, threatening, indecent or misleading towards Giesen Group Limited, our partners, employees, competitors, social community or other people or organisations.
Be polite. Respect each other’s opinions and treat members of Giesen Group Limited’s social communities fairly, even if you disagree with their opinion.
Follow the law. Do not use other parties’ materials, including photographs, artworks, images or logos, unless you have consent from them to do so. Discussions about illegal activity are not permitted.
Don’t spam. Spam, advertising or content commercial in nature or the unnecessary re-posting of links or comments will be removed.
Scroll Up