https://giesen.co.nz/privacy-policy/
Welcome
New Zealand, Australia, and Asia Pacific
Rest of the World
By entering this site, you agree that you are of legal drinking age in your country
Enter Site
You need to be of legal drinking age in your country to enter this site
Giesen Group Limited and Your Privacy
Giesen Group Limited are committed to protecting the privacy of individuals’ personal information. We will only collect, use or disclose personal information in accordance with relevant laws and privacy policy. By providing personal information to us, you accept and consent to our use of your personal information in accordance with this policy. Please do not provide us with your personal information if you are not of legal age to purchase alcohol in the jurisdiction where you live or if you do not agree to the terms in this policy.
Information you give usYou may provide us with information about yourself when corresponding with us or when using our websites. Examples include:
When you buy goods or services from us online, over the phone or in person.
When you enter a promotion or competition conducted by us (including via our websites or through social media sites).
When you register to use one of our websites or when you participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our websites.
When you contact us to request information about our company (including about our brands, our products or employment opportunities).
The information you give us may include, amongst other things, your name, age, address, email address and phone number, financial and payment card information.
Information collected by us and our use of cookiesApart from the information you give us, we may also automatically collect information about you when you visit our websites, including through the use of cookies. Cookies are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer when you visit a particular website. Examples of information we may collect include:
Technical information such as your computer’s IP address and your browser type.
Information about your visit such as the products you viewed or searched for, the length of your visit and the pages that you visited.
Cookies help us gather and store information about visitors to our websites. They help our websites remember what you chose on previous pages (to avoid having to re-enter information) and can help us to identify you as a unique visitor, tailor content based on past visitation and provide you with an optimised experience. Our cookies typically do not gather personally identifiable information.
If you prefer not to receive cookies you can adjust your Internet browser to refuse cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used. However, most of our websites will not function if cookies are turned off. We therefore strongly recommend that you leave cookies fully functional. For more information about cookies and how to manage them, please see http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/.
Our use of your informationGenerally, information which you give to us is used to provide you with a product or service which you have requested from us (for example, if you have purchased wine from us).
We will not use your information to market to you unless we have your implied or express consent.
We may use the information we collect from you when you use our websites (such as the areas of a website accessed by you and your IP address) to:
Administer our websites and to try and keep our websites safe and secure.
Help us gain a better understanding of your likes and dislikes so to improve our websites and the services we offer.
Allow you to participate in interactive features of our websites.
Make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our websites about goods or services that may interest you or them.
We may also share the cookie information we gather from our websites with our related companies for the above purposes.
Our disclosure of your informationWe will not disclose your personal information to third parties except:
With your consent.
Where we are required or authorised by law to do so, for example to law enforcement agencies.
Where third parties appointed by us require access to personal information held by us to perform services (in which case we require these contractors to keep that personal information confidential and not to use or disclose it for any purpose other than the purpose of performing those services).
To our related companies, in accordance with the law.
In some cases, this may involve transferring your personal information to other countries for the purposes of data processing and storage (including if applicable, to fulfil any orders you have placed with us). By providing personal information to us, you consent to the transfer, processing and storage of your information in the UK, the USA or other countries where we may conduct business. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Our websites may sometimes contain links to other websites. With the exception of other sites owned by us, we do not control the privacy practices of sites reached through links from our websites. If you have any questions about the privacy practices of those websites then you should contact the relevant companies directly.
Access to your informationYou have the right to access and modify the personal information we hold about you. You can access and change your personal information by contacting us, or if applicable, via the website where you entered your personal information.
We will update your information within the time specified by the applicable law and may, if permitted by law, charge an appropriate fee to cover our costs of responding to your request.
ComplaintsIf you feel that your privacy has been breached or have any questions about the Giesen Group Limited Privacy Policy, please contact us. Details in relation to any breach will need to be provided by you in writing. We will respond to any written complaints within a reasonable period.
SecurityWe take appropriate measures to keep your personal information secure. We have implemented appropriate physical and electronic procedures to protect the personal information we collect.
Due to its nature, transmission of your information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will protect your personal data in accordance with this policy, we cannot guarantee the security of any data transmitted to our websites and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security measures to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Trade MarksAll registered and unregistered trade marks which appear on this website are the property of their respective owners. In allowing you access to this website, we do not grant to you any right whatsoever to use any such trade mark. You acknowledge that you have no such rights and that none will arise by your accessing or using this website.
This website may also contain a number of trademarks (registered and unregistered) owned or used under license by our associates. In addition, we and/or our associates own all intellectual property rights in the logos and other creative materials displayed on this website. Any use or reproduction of any of our trademarks, logos or other creative material appearing on this website without our written permission is prohibited.
CopyrightThe contents of this website are subject to copyright under New Zealand and overseas law. Unless other attribution is given, all such copyright and any other intellectual property is owned by us. We authorise you to view and store, without modification, digital or print copies of our copyright material contained within this website, subject to the following conditions:
The documents and images may be used solely for information purposes.
The documents and images may be used solely for individual purposes and may not be used for any commercial purpose whatsoever.
Any copy or printout of any document or image or portion thereof must include this copyright notice and ALL of the text contained on this website under the heading “COPYRIGHT”.
Any use of our text or images must be accompanied with the following: “image/information courtesy of Giesen Group Limited.”
No other use is permitted without our prior written consent.
If you consider that material has been posted on this website which contravenes your copyright or other intellectual property rights please contact us.
Information posted by you onlineIf you post information on one of our websites (such as bulletin boards), it will generally be accessible to others. We do not recommend you post personal information on public areas of our websites. Such personal information is not covered by this policy.
Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns about our collection, use or disclosure of personal information, or you wish to make a complaint in relation to our privacy practices, please contact us.
Scroll Up