http://girardwinery.com/index/page/static/subpage/global_privacy_policy_template
click to call Girard phone number 7079212795
Sign In
shopping cart quantity (0)
Sign Up & Save 15% ›
Enjoy 1¢ shipping when you buy 12 bottles or more!
Sign In
|
Cart: (0)
Navigation Menu
About
Shop
Club
Visit
Calistoga
Yountville
Events
Virtual Tastings
Policies
Return Policy
Vintage Changes
Shipping Policies
Credit Card Charges
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Your satisfaction is our top priority and we stand behind the quality of our products and services.
Returns
Items that are damaged in transit, or are not to your satisfaction, will be replaced. Any unsatisfactory items need to be re-corked with remaining contents and returned in order to receive a refund.
If you wish to return your wine within 30 days and opt out of reordering, you will be credited the bottles returned, less a 15% re-stocking fee and freight cost.
Reships
If your order has returned to our warehouse due to damage or an error on the part of the shipping carrier, we will re-ship it at no cost to you. If your order has been returned after three unsuccessful delivery attempts or incorrect address, a reshipping fee of $15 per package will be charged to the credit card on file.
Shipment Redirect
If your order has already shipped and you: 1) Want to make a change to the shipping address, or 2) Want the order to be held for future delivery (up to 14 days), please be aware that our carriers charge a $15 per package fee for these requests and this cost will be passed onto you. Please also be aware that we can only redirect shipments within the same state due to tax/compliance statutes.
We are committed to delivering our products in excellent condition and in a timely manner, and feel it is important to inform you that all shipping carriers require an adult signature at the time of delivery. We always recommend shipping to a business address to ensure an adult is present during business hours.
Vintage Wine Estates Customer Service
Toll Free: 1-800-285-7770
customerservice@vintagewineestates.com
Vintage Changes:
Due
to vintage changes in inventory, if an item in your order is no longer
available, we will substitute it with next available vintage.
Shipping Policies
Girard Winery can ship non-wine items to all 50 United States, but wine shipping laws vary from state to state.
See our detailed shipping policy & delivery schedule
Credit Card Charges
Girard Winery is part of the Vintage Wine Estates portfolio, and all charges on your credit card statement will appear as Vintage Wine Estates.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy details our commitment to your privacy and how Girard Winery (hereinafter "Winery") and its affiliated brands and/or companies collect, use, and share certain personal information from you in order to improve our products and services.
This Privacy Policy details:
What information we collect and why we collect it.
How we use that information.
The choices we offer, including how to access and update that information.
By submitting information to us and/or using our website (the "Site"), you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies when you visit the Site, the websites of any of our affiliated brands, mobile sites, or mobile applications; when you make a purchase from us; subscribe to any of our mailing lists, newsletters, or wine-club programs; sign up for our events; register for our promotions; and when you engage with one of our brand pages on community websites including, but not limited to, Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, or Instagram.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to our employees, employment applicants, suppliers, distributors, or trade contacts except when they are acting in a "customer" capacity. Also, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any data that may be collected through non-Winery sites, materials or entities, even when we may include links or references to those third party sites. (Unless otherwise stated, the inclusion of a link on the sites does not imply endorsement of the linked site by us or by our affiliates.) Any information we collect when you enable or use a third party application is processed under this Privacy Policy. Information collected by the third party is governed by their privacy policies and we have no control over, and shall not be responsible for, the third party's use of your personal information.
Information that We Collect from You
We may collect certain personally identifiable information ("personal information" or "personal data") from you, such as:
Name
User Name
Mailing and/or Shipping Addresses
Telephone number (including home and mobile phone numbers)
Date of Birth
Email Address
Credit and/or Debit Card Numbers
We may also collect other information that we request from you and that you provide to us. In many cases, such information will be collected directly from you but information may also be gathered from our affiliated brands, third-party sources such as marketing and fulfillment companies, opt-in lists, publicly available data, consumer reporting agencies, and other companies and referrals.
We may also collect certain information gathered from you passively through automated means ("other information"), such as the referring URL, your IP address, which browser you used to come to the Site, the country, state or province from which you access this Site, the pages of our Site that you viewed during your visit, and any search terms entered on our Site. We collect this information through cookies, web beacons, navigational and location data, and other technologies. A "cookie" is a text file that websites send to a visitor's computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor's browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A "web beacon," also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, is used to transmit information back to a web server. We also may use third-party website analytics tools (such as Google Analytics), that collect information about visitor traffic on our sites and mobile applications. You can set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent or refuse cookies altogether, but certain features of our website might not work without cookies. We may also use web beacons in emails and newsletters so that we know when such communications have been opened and to otherwise help us tailor our communications to you.
How We May Use Your Information
We use the information described above to process your requests and wine club orders; communicate with you about our products, services, offers, events and promotions, and offer you products and services we believe may be of interest to you; contact you if we have not heard from you in a while; allow you to send a message to a friend (by using this functionality, you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friend's name and email address); to participate in sweepstakes, contests or similar promotions (some of these activities may be subject to additional rules, which you should read carefully); analyze trends and enhance our communications strategies with you; and to improve the quality of our online guest services.
We may also use this information for system administration to diagnose problems with our servers and software or to administer our site, to gather demographic information, and to monitor the level of activity on our site. We track visitors' traffic patterns throughout their online sessions, including which pages or specific URLs a visitor views while visiting our pages.
How We May Disclose Your Information
Your personal data or other information may be shared with and used by any of our other affiliated brands, for their direct marketing purposes, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In certain cases, we may disclose your personal data to third parties under limited circumstances if we conclude that we are required by law or have a good faith belief that access, preservation, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of our Winery, our customers, or the public.
We may also contract with other companies and individuals to perform certain functions and services, including processing, storing, tracking, and organizing information on our behalf. These third party service providers may have access to your personal data to perform their functions and to provide services to us.
In some cases we may partner with other companies and third parties that we've carefully chosen to enhance your customer experience, usually through co-branded partnerships, sweepstakes, contests, and wine club experiences. In such cases you will need to opt in with those third-party partners to enable them to market their or other selected third parties' products and services to you. You will have an opportunity to opt-out of those communications by unsubscribing from any third party communications you do not wish to receive subject to those third parties' privacy policies.
We may aggregate your personal data so that the aggregated information does not personally identify you or anyone else. If we combine any non-personal information with personal information, the combined information will be treated by us as personal information as long as it is combined. We may collect, use, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.
Online Advertising and Tracking
We may use third-party advertising networks and work with companies that collect information about your online activities to provide advertising targeted to suit your interests and preferences. For example, you may see certain ads on this Site or other websites because we partner with Google and other similar companies to target our ads based on information we or they have collected, including information that was collected through automated means (such as cookies and web beacons).
You may opt out of the automated collection of information by third-party ad networks for the purpose of delivering advertisements tailored to your interests by editing or opting out of your Google Display Network ads' preferences at http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/. You can opt-out of receiving targeted ads on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads. To exercise your choices with respect to targeted advertising and tracking on your mobile device, we recommend you explore your options to reset, limit or turn off your advertising ID on your particular device.
Not Directed to Individuals Under the Legal Drinking Age
Our Site is not intended for people under the legal drinking age of 21. We do not seek or knowingly collect any personal information from or about individuals under the age of 21. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from an individual under the legal drinking age, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
Security
We take appropriate organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal information under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure or is ever completely secure or error-free. Please note that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any user name or password you use.
To Opt-Out or Change Your Personal Information
To opt out of receiving electronic marketing communications from us, you may (1) follow the "unsubscribe" instructions contained in any emails you receive, (2) send a blank email with "unsubscribe" in the subject line, to girardwines@girardwinery.com from the email address you would like removed, or (3) send us a request at the address in the Contact Us section below. We will endeavor to comply with all requests as soon as reasonably practicable.
You may also view, update or change information. If you have an account with us, go to the My Account page on the Site and access your account using your log-in and password. Any changes you make on your account profile page through the Sites will be reflected on that same Site (however, it may not be reflected on other sites that we or our affiliated brands operate). You may also submit updated personal information to us as set out in the Contact Us section below. In your request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed.
Regardless of your opt-out preferences, there still may be times when we will contact you for administrative reasons, such as those related to an order you placed, an inquiry you made, a legally required notice, and so on. Also, despite our efforts, there may be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed or changed, or may be retained for record keeping purposes. Please note that we are not responsible for removing information from or updating information in the databases of third parties with whom we have already shared your personal information.
California Do Not Track Disclosures
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 give California residents the right to ask us for a notice describing the categories of personal information we share with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Upon request, we will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the names and addresses of third parties with which it has been shared. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request using the contact information set forth below. Please allow 30 days for a response. If your request is received by a different method, please allow 150 days for a response. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
Contact Us
Any questions you may have regarding our Privacy Policy should be directed via email to girardwines@girardwinery.com. You can also write us at: Girard Winery, ATTN: Customer Service, 205 Concourse Boulevard, Santa Rosa, CA 95403.
Updates to this Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on the homepage for a reasonable period of time after such changes are made that this Privacy Policy has been updated, and by changing the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean you accept those changes.
Your rights to access, correct, restrict or delete your personal data and object to processing
You have the right to request access to your personal data, to have your personal data corrected, restricted or deleted, and to object to our processing of your personal data.
You also have the right of data portability, which means that you can request that we provide you (or a third party you designate) with a transferable copy of personal information that you have provided to us.
Your rights may be subject to various limitations under the GDPR.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, or if you have any concerns about our processing of your personal data, please contact us in any of the ways listed in the section “How to Contact Us” in our general Privacy Notice.
Now shipping
×
Join Our Mailing List
Be the first to know about our new releases, awards and special offers.
Sign up today to save 15% off your first online order.
Sign Up & Save 15% on Your First Order
Join the mailing list
*Offer valid for new subscribers only and cannot be combined with any other offers of promotions.
Close