https://globetrotters.co.uk/information-and-contacts/privacy-statement.html
The Globetrotters Club takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy covers the Globetrotters Club’s treatment of personally identifiable information that the Globetrotters Club may collect when you are on the the Club site, and when you use the Club’s services.
Information about our Organisation and Web site
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organisation like The Globetrotters Club . We are a world-wide organisation with a committee based in UK but open to membership by all members. Our principal activity is to provide a network for independent travellers around the world. Our activities include publishing a quartetly newsletter together with a monthly E-Newsletter, issuing a membership listing, (offering hospitality, information and advice), running local branch meetings around the world.
Our privacy policy covers The Globetrotters Club Ltd and its Web site:
Organisation Name: The Globetrotters Club Ltd
Address: BCM/Roving
City, Zip: London, WC1N 3XX
Country: UK
Controller(Website): The Webmaster
Controller (membership): The Membership Secretary
Web Sites(s): http://www.globetrotters.co.uk
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing personal data. If you volunteer information we do not use this to track your activities whilst browsing our site or use it to target advertising in any way.
The services and links of our Web site
Our Website enables you to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others. When you do so, other visitors may collect your data.
Our website uses third party payment collection agencies, who may collect data in relation to making a payment to the globetrotters club, we have no control over the processes of these agencies.
Our Website may provide links to other web sites but we have no control over these sites or their practices.
Automatic Collection of Information
We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals.
We use cookies to store personal data from our membership form to allow the pre-filling of details on our joining form, this data will only be stored for 1 month and will be deleted on completion of membership or after 1 month. We also use cookies to restrict access to areas of the site where the cookie stores a log-in key and to allow visitors to personalise forums, billboards or chat areas. You may always decline to accept any cookie from this site.
We do not link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services. (ie. When you sign up for a newsletter or request information or seek to join the club)
We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organisations.
We do not collect or use personal data for any purpose other than that indicated.
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, we offer you the means to consent to this new purpose and to decline it.
Membership Information
When you join the Globetrotters Club as a member we collect the following information:
Name
Address
Telephone Number
Email Address
How you first heard of the Club.
If you wish details to be listed on the club membership listing
We will use this data to fulfil your membership and provide the services associated with your membership.
If you try to join the club but don’t complete the membership process we will follow up with you and delete your information when it is no longer needed.
You may also volunteer to provide information the following information for the club membership listing shared only with other members and with your consent.
Hospitality
Places you have visited
Occupation
Date of Birth
Use of Payment Service Providers
To take card and online payments the club uses.
• Paypal.com, In order to make payments through the PayPal Services, you must provide credit card, debit card or bank account information to PayPal
• iZettle who may store your email or phone number to send you receipts if you wish.
We also store details of payments made for membership fees and other items like extra calendars, we do not hold any credit card information ourselves and use accredited payment processors for all card and online transactions. We carry out regular PCI DSS assessments on our payment systems.
Use of Subcontractors
We may use subcontractors to provide some products or services to you. We also may need to share your personal data with these subcontractors, in particular delivery services, so that they can help us provide goods or services. Our subcontractors are not permitted to use such personal data for any other purposes and we impose confidentiality requirements on their services.
How long we keep your personal information
We retain your personal information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal information is collected. When determining the relevant retention periods, we will take into account factors including: legal obligation(s) under applicable law to retain data for a certain period of time; statute of limitations under applicable law(s); (potential) disputes, and; guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities.
Otherwise, we securely erase your information once this is no longer needed.
Mailing Lists
You may join a mailing list on our websites or via an email list service provider (e.g. mailchimp.com, phplist.com) or by giving your details and consent in person at a meeting or event. We will only send you information you have signed up for or we feel will be of interest to you. We will never share or sell your data without your prior permission
Cookies
Where you use our Websites, we will process your personal information collected by using cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
For more information on the use of cookies on our Websites please go to our Cookies Policy
Website Visitor Tracking
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children.
We take specific steps to protect the privacy of children by:
Using ratings to allow blocking of the site by parental control software.
Monitoring Bulletin boards for inappropriate content.
Blocking the posting of foul or unsuitable language
Disclosure and Visitor Choice
We do not disclose your personal data to our subsidiaries or other organisations.
Confidentiality / Security
We can not give visitors to our Web site the option of using a secure transmission method to send us their personal data at this time. Payment agencies that the club may use to receive payment,t are required to provide a secure transmission method, for your financial data.
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorised access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorised modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our members and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ personal data.
We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to government institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Access to the personal data we may hold about you
You can ask us, by sending an e-mail (gtmember@globetrotters.co.uk or Webmaster@globetrotters.co.uk) asking whether we are keeping personal data about you.
We will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data which we keep about you, within 3-6 weeks, although we may before require proof of your identity. We will provide the information without any charge if you are a member or do not require a hard copy of the data. If you are not a member of the globetrotters club and require a hard copy of the data held on you we may make a charge for printing and postage.
We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data:
erased
rectified or amended
completed
We do, allow you to challenge our decisions and do not reserve the right to refuse to provide you with a copy of your personal data.
Privacy Compliance
Our privacy policy is compliant with the following instruments:
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
EU Data Protection Law
UK Data Protection Law
UK Data Protection Registrar
Privacy Support
If you have an enquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact:
Contact 1 Contact 2
Name : Webmaster Membership Secretary
Address : BCM/Roving,
London,
WC1N 3XX,
UK BCM/Roving,
London,
WC1N 3XX,
UK
E-mail address :
Webmaster@globetrotters.co.uk
gtmember@globetrotters.co.uk
If you are not satisfied with our response to your concern:
you may wish to contact chair@globetrotters.co.uk
[This policy was last reviewed 20/05/2018]
Share this:
Print
Facebook
Twitter
More
Pinterest
Like this:
Like Loading...
Website Privacy & Cookies
%d bloggers like this: