https://globetrotters.co.uk/website-privacy-cookies
Website Privacy & Cookies | The Globetrotters Club
The Globetrotters Club
The travel club for independent travellers.
Menu
Skip to content
Home
About
As a member you will receive:
Membership Fees
History Of The Club.
Frequently Asked Questions.
Join
Join the Club
Print a form to mail in.
Renew your Membership
View a free sample of Globe.
Meetings
London Meetings
About the London Meetings
London Meeting Programme
Previous London meetings.
Sign-up to receive email alerts about London meetings.
Chester Meetings, UK
About the Chester Meetings
Chester Meetings Programme
Previous Chester Meetings
Sign-up to receive email alerts about the Chester Meetings
Ontario, CA ~ The Toronto GT’s
Online Meetings.
Past online meetings
Other Overseas Meetings
Starting a branch in your area
Globe Magazine
Globe Magazine
The Globetrotters Club Picture Quiz – June 2020
Buy digital back issues
Members Download
View a free sample of Globe.
Calendar
Globetrotters Calendar 2021 Competition- Now Open for Entries!
Globetrotters Calendar 2020
Globetrotters Calendar 2020 Winners Announced.
Globetrotters Calendar 2020 – Judging Underway.
Globetrotters Calendar 2020 Competition is now open for entries!
eNewsletter
Read the Current Issue
Read the eNewsletter Archive
Register for our E-Newsletter.
Members Area
Manage Your Membership
Globe
Globe 2020 Spring/Summer
Globe 2020 Winter/Spring
Globe 2019 Summer
Globe 2019 Winter/Spring
Globe Spring 2018
Globe Winter 2018
Globe Spring/Summer 2017
Globe 2017 Winter
Globe 2016 Summer
Globe 2016 Spring
Globe Winter 2015
Globe Summer 2015
Globetrotters Calendar
globetrotters calendar 2021 competition is now open for entries
Globetrotters Calendar 2020
Globetrotters Calendar 2020 Winners Announced.
Globetrotters Calendar 2020 – Judging Underway.
Globetrotters Calendar 2020 – Now Open for Entries!
Globetrotters Calendar 2019
Globetrotters Calendar 2019 Winners Announced.
Globetrotters Calendar 2019 – Now Open for Entries!
Globetrotters Calendar 2018
Online Meetings
Membership List
Discounts
MutualAid
AGM
Branches
Login
Logout
Contact
Information and Contacts
Contact the Club
Officials of the club.
Cookies In Use on This Site
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Search for:
Website Privacy & Cookies
This page describes how we treat the information provided by visitors, what other information we gather and how we use it, why we sometimes need to store “cookies” and how to prevent this.
In common with almost all professionally run websites, this website logs the IP address of each visitor in order to keep it running reliably. This is also essential for protecting the website and its visitors from malicious attacks, including infection with malware.
This website provides information as a service to vistors such as yourself, and to do this reliably and efficiently, it sometimes places small amounts of information on your computer or device (e.g. mobile phone). This includes small files known as cookies.
The cookies stored by this website cannot be used to identify you personally.
How Cookies Are Used
We use cookies to understand what pages and information visitors find useful, and to detect problems such as broken links, or pages which are taking a long time to load.
We sometimes use cookies to remember a choice you make on one page, when you have moved to another page if that information can be used to make the website work better. For example:
avoiding the need to ask for the same information several times during a session (e.g. when filling in forms), or
remembering that you have logged in, so that you don’t have to re-enter your username and password on every page.
Cookies for Google Analytics
We use analytics to measure how many visitors are using the website, which pages interest them and so on, and this involves storing the following cookies:
Name: _utma
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: 2 years
Name: _utmb
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: 30 minutes
Name: _utmc
Typical content: randomly generated number
Expires: when user exits browser
Name: _utmz
Typical content: randomly generated number + info on how the site was reached (e.g. directly or via a link, organic search or paid search)
Expires: 6 months
For more information
Google Analytics website.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit.
Personal data
Personal information that you submit to us through this website will only be used for the purposes we solicited it. For example, to respond to an enquiry, and will not be used for any other purpose without your consent. We will never pass it on to any third party without your consent, unless legally required to do so.
Other Websites
The information on this page applies only to this website and not to other sites linked to from these pages.
Share this:
Print
Facebook
Twitter
More
Pinterest
Follow Us!
Website Privacy & Cookies