http://globaltravelalliance.com/privacy-policy/
Trips
Teachers
Students
Parents
About
Contact
Blog
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Vimeo
866.313.2577
Get A Quote
Enroll
Login
Trips
Teachers
Students
Parents
About
Contact
Blog
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Global Travel Alliance. Read our privacy policy below and understand how online information is gathered and used. Our privacy policy applies to all information collected on our site.
Your Information
When you participate in online enrollment and make your payments online, you will input personal information (name, address, credit card info, etc.) through an online form. All data is transmitted in an encrypted format.
Global Travel Alliance offers student travel while partnering with the services of airlines, hotels, etc., which need some of your personal information as well. This data will only be used to secure your necessary travel arrangements.
When a Global Traveler participates with our online social media, we may ask for similar or other personal information. Participation in these social media services is optional.
If you complete and submit our Get a Quote form, you will be contacted and asked for further information in regards to our next steps.
Always feel free to email a Global Travel Alliance representative with any questions, comments, or concerns. We will reply to that email address you used, and will not use your address for any other purpose or outside party.
The information we collect from online registration might be used to provide you with special promotion information or online details that we believe might be important to you.
Other Information
Website traffic data and information is collected and reviewed by Global Travel Alliance. We also use information about IP addresses, Web browsers, Internet Service Providers, referring and exit pages, operating systems, date/time, and number of clicks to analyze trends and track user movement. This data is collected solely for these purposes and is not connected to your personal information.
Encryption
Global Travel Alliance issues significant caution to ensure the most safe and secure transmission of all financial information. When you provide us with financial information during the online enrollment process, or when you make an online payment, we transmit that information in an encrypted format. Rest assured that your personal data and information is safe and secure in our system.
Links to Other Websites
This site contains links to other,non-related websites. When you click on one of these links, you will redirect to another website for which we have no responsibility. We do not condone or take responsibility for content, advertising, goods and services offered, or any other aspect these sites may provide. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all other sites as their policies may be materially different from the Global Travel Alliance Privacy Policy.
Questions or Comments
If you have any questions or comments about these policies, feel free to contact us or send an email to info@globaltravelalliance.com.
© Global Travel Alliance 2020
|
Terms of Service
|
Privacy