https://goldenspurtle.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Golden Spurtle®
Golden Spurtle® World Porridge Making Championship®
HOME ABOUT
History Porridge
Production Health Recipes World Porridge Day
Carrbridge
COMPETITION
2020 competition, entry, rules and judging 2019 Entry Rules Judging Competitors Details Previous Winners For Visitors
MEDIA
Press Pack 2020 Press Releases Archived Press Releases Media Photos
CONTACT
/GoldenSpurtle
carrbridge.com
goldenspurtle@carrbridge.com
Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy explains what information World Porridge Making Championship (hereafter known as WPMC) collects about its users, and what we do with that information. This policy applies only to analytics obtained through your use of goldenspurtle.com. Website Visitors Like most website operators, goldenspurtle.com collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how goldenspurtle.com’s visitors use our website. goldenspurtle.com also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. We do not use such information to identify our visitors, however, and this information is anonymised before being presented to administrators, and will never be disclosed to persons outside of those working for WPMC. Opt-out of tracking We would really appreciate if users let us collect information about their visit to goldenspurtle.com as it allows us to improve our website and services based upon user interaction. If you do not wish to be tracked however, goldenspurtle.com respects your browsers ‘Do Not Track’ setting or you can opt out of tracking below. This stores an anonymised non-expiring cookie in your browser that we use to identify devices that should not be tracked.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information Certain aspects of goldenspurtle.com have facilities to collect personal information for a specific purpose. For example, in our application and contact forms. This information is only stored for the purpose of facilitating your application and responding to contact form submissions, and will never be disclosed to any persons outside of goldenspurtle.com without your prior approval.. Visitors are also of course able to refuse to supply this information by not using our online forms and contacting us through other means. Protection of Information Information collected from visitors to goldenspurtle.com is collected, processed and stored by our website administrator, Accudio. This information will not be sent elsewhere and will only be accessible to the WPMC team. Aggregated Statistics WPMC may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to our website. For instance, we may reveal how many visits a particularly page got, a breakdown of the type of device used to access goldenspurtle.com, or anonymised geographical information in the form of country or region, for example, United Kingdom, Highland. Cookies A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. goldenspurtle.com avoids using cookies, except in regards to the tracking opt-out above. This cookie does not store any identifying information about visitors, and simply informs us if a visitors does not wish to be tracked. If you would like to opt-out of tracking without accepting this cookie however, you can use the ‘Do Not Track’ feature of your browser. Contact If you would like to get in touch with us about our privacy policy, analytics or otherwise, please see below. Email: goldenspurtle@carrbridge.com Contact form: goldenspurtle.com/contact
Copyright © 2020 — Golden Spurtle®. Privacy Policy Sitemap
Website designed and built byAlistair Shepherd of Accudio.