https://gollcher.com/privacy-policy/
Ship Agency
Ship Agency
GNV Service
Liner Agency
Cruise Liners
Super Yachts
Offshore, Oil & Gas Logistical Support Services
Bunkering
Ship Call Quotation
Freight Quotation
Freight Forwarding
Freight Forwarding
Seafreight
Airfreight
Pet Travel Solutions
Freight Quotation
Terms & Conditions
Airline Cargo GSSA
International Courier
International Courier Services Malta
Local Delivery
Courier Quotation
Track Shipment
Terms & Conditions
Marine Surveyors
Introduction
Our Services
Emergency Assistance
Claim Forms
Quality Standards
Travel Services
Travel Services Introduction
Our Travel Services
Ship Registration
About Flagport
Malta Registry
Advantages
Registration Procedure
Statutory Costs
Information
Home
About Us
Gollcher History
Gollcher Quality
Gollcher News
About Malta
Port Facilities
Contact Us
Vacancies
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Gollcher Group (“We”) cares about your privacy and the information you share with us and want you to understand how we are using and protecting the information we collect about you. Our processes comply with applicable privacy law and regulations, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
Who we are
Gollcher Group relates to the following companies:
Gollcher Holdings Ltd.
O.F. Gollcher & Sons Ltd.
Gollcher Company Ltd.
Gollcher Air Express Ltd.
Flagport Ltd.
Xpress Logistics Ltd.
What information we collect
We collect information through this website through forms that you fill in. We use this information to respond to your enquiries and to provide you with information that may interest you. This data is limited to the kind of information that can be found on a typical business card: name, job title, employer/company name, address, email address, and phone number.
This site also collects and stores certain information automatically using cookies and similar technologies, including IP addresses, the region or general location of a computer or device accessing the internet, browser type, operating system, page view history, and other usage information. See our Cookie Policy by clicking here, or by reading further down below for more details.
Security of Personal Information
Your Personal Information is stored in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse and loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
When your Personal Information is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was obtained, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify your Personal Information. However, most of the Personal Information is kept by us for a period of 10 years.
Handling your personal data
We do not share your data with any third party except to fulfil a legal obligation or for the purpose it was intended, such as when we contract with other entities in our Group of Companies for inter-group administration or shared services. We may also use third parties such as professional advisers; auditors; IT and online service providers. In such cases these third parties and the other entities in our Group of Companies are bound by contractual and legal obligations of confidentiality; privacy and professional secrecy to limit the processing of your personal data to the purposes for which we collected your data or as necessary by law.
Your data is stored in locations within the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
Access to your Personal Information
You may access the Personal Information we hold about you and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions. If you wish to access your Personal Information, please contact us in writing. In order to protect your Personal Information we may require identification from you before releasing the requested information.
You may unsubscribe from our mailing/marketing lists at any time by contacting us in writing, for example by using the Unsubscribe link in an email that you received from us. If you inform us that you wish to unsubscribe, we may retain some basic information in order to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future, and to keep a record of your request and our response.
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time and is available on our website.
Last Updated: 21.05.18
Privacy Policy Complaints and Enquiries
If you have any queries or complaints about our Privacy Policy please contact us at:
gdpr@gollcher.com
Cookie Policy
Gollcher Group (“We”) utilise online identification technologies such as cookies, web beacons, or pixels on our websites for a number of purposes. They help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website, and also allow us to improve our site.
Who we are
Gollcher Group relates to the following companies:
Gollcher Holdings Ltd.
O.F. Gollcher & Sons Ltd.
Gollcher Company Ltd.
Gollcher Air Express Ltd.
Flagport Ltd.
Xpress Logistics Ltd.
About cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by the websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. The use of cookies is now standard for most websites. If you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies, you can manage and control them through your browser, including removing cookies by deleting them from your ‘browser history’ (cache) when you leave the site.
Types of cookie
‘Session’ cookies remain in your browser during your browser session only, i.e. until you leave the website.
‘Persistent’ cookies remain in your browser after the session (unless deleted by you).
‘Performance’ cookies collect information about your use of the website, such as webpages visited and any error messages; they do not collect personally identifiable information, and the information collected is aggregated such that it is anonymous. Performance cookies are used to improve how a website works.
‘Functionality’ cookies allow the website to remember any choices you make about the website (such as changes to text size, customised pages) or enable services such as commenting on a blog.
The cookies we use:
We use these technologies to gather tracking information and statistics regarding use of the Websites. For example, we collect information about page visits and navigation to determine what articles and topics are of greatest interest and if users are able to find content easily.
The following table explains the way in which we use cookies on this website. By using this website, you agree that we can place these cookies on your computer/device for the stated purposes.
Google Analytics
_ga
This cookie is typically written to the browser upon the first visit. If the cookie has been deleted by the browser operator, and the browser subsequently visits the website, a new _ga cookie is written with a different unique ID. In most cases, this cookie is used to determine unique visitors to the website and it is updated with each page view. Additionally, this cookie is provided with a unique ID that Google Analytics uses to ensure both the validity and accessibility of the cookie as an extra security measure.
First Party Persistent
2 years from set/update
In order to manage the Websites properly we also log information on our operational systems and identify categories of visitors by items such as domains, browser types, and IP addresses.  Statistics are reported in aggregate to our webmasters. We gather this information so that the websites present the best web experience for visitors. Anonymous log information is also an effective information resource.
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time and is available on our website.
Last Updated: 21.05.18
Privacy Policy Complaints and Enquiries
If you have any queries or complaints about our Privacy Policy please contact us at:
gdpr@gollcher.com
News
Notification to Customers re COVID19 Continuity Plan
Fri Mar 20,2020
An important week for Yacht Registration Malta
Tue Dec 1,2020
World Maritime Day 24 September
Thu Sep 24,2020
The WACO System names Family-Run Forwarder the Gollcher Group as the new member for Malta
Tue Aug 25,2020
GOLLCHER GROUP 2014
Quick Menu
ABOUT US NEWS ABOUT MALTA PORT FACILITIES VACANCIES SITEMAP CONTACT US
SHIP AGENCY FREIGHT FORWARDING INTERNATIONAL COURIER AIRLINE CARGO GSSA MARINE SURVEYORS TRAVEL SERVICES SHIP REGISTRATION
Follow Us
Privacy Policy
News 2019
Privacy Policy
Powered by