http://goosecross.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Press
Mailing List
Safety Statement
Telephone707.944.1986
EmailEmail
GoogleDirections
Open Page Menu
Call Us!
Email
General
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy is intended to give you confidence in the privacy and security of the personal information we obtain from you when using visiting our website.
However, please note that we are not responsible for any use of your personal information you provide to third-party applications or websites that may be accessed via the website. We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any third-party applications or websites that you use.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you use our website, you may be asked for personally identifiable information such as your name, address, date of birth, email address, telephone number.
By giving us such information, you will need to consent to our using it in the manner described in this policy.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by emailing us at wine@goosecross.com. We will return or destroy your personal information within five days of receipt of your withdrawal of consent.
Cookie information, pages you have requested and your IP address may also be recorded by us and/or third parties from your browser as set out in this policy.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use personal information to allow us to process your service requests, provide access to privileged areas of the website, send out newsletters, personalize your visit to our website, and enable us to improve the products and services we offer. We may occasionally carry out market research and send you details of services and offers that we think may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive such information, please e-mail wine@goosecross.com or, alternatively, when we send you an e-mail, it will contain a provision for you to opt out of receiving any further information from us.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may provide information about you to our employees and agents in order to administer any accounts, products and services provided to you by Goosecross.
We will not disclose your personal information to any third party unless you have consented to such disclosure or where we are required to do so by law. Should you breach our terms and conditions or terms of use or if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, we may disclose your information to a relevant authority. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Any disclosure of personal information will be strictly controlled and made fully in accordance with current U.S. law.
COOKIES
Cookies are small data files that a website you visit may save on your computer or handheld device that usually includes an anonymous unique identifier. Our website may use cookies for user authentication, keeping track of your preferences, promotional campaigns, tracking our audience size and traffic patterns, and in certain other cases. We may include small graphic images in our email messages and newsletters to determine whether the messages were opened and the links were viewed.
Third-party advertisers may also create and access cookies, which will be subject to their privacy policies – we accept no responsibility or liability for the use of such third parties’ cookies. If you do not wish cookies to be placed on your PC or handheld device, then they can be disabled in your web browser. The option to do so is normally found in your browser’s “security settings” section. Please note that permanently disabling cookies in your browser may hinder your use of our website as well as other website and interactive services.
SECURITY
All security on our website is treated seriously. Where applicable, we undertake security steps, including use of SSL technology, on our back-end systems that store customer account information and to protect data transmissions. However, this is not a guarantee that such data transmissions cannot be accessed, altered or deleted due to firewall or other security software failures.
If you have any further concerns about security, please email our Customer Service team at wine@goosecross.com.
POLICY CHANGES
Changes in this policy will be posted on our website. You are advised to check our website regularly to view our most recent privacy policy.
About
Vineyards
Wines
Visit & Events
Wine Club
Shop
Account