https://gourmetravel.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Destinations
Germany
China
Thailand
Portugal
Spain
Austria
Posts
About
Contact me
Deutsch
Suchen
Menü
Privacy Policy
1. An overview of data protection
General information
The following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit this website. The term “personal data” comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. For detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our Data Protection Declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.
Data recording on this website
Who is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e. the “controller”)?
The data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section “Information Required by Law” on this website.
How do we record your data?
We collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. This may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.
Other data shall be recorded by our IT systems automatically or after you consent to its recording during your website visit. This data comprises primarily technical information (e.g. web browser, operating system or time the site was accessed). This information is recorded automatically when you access this website.
What are the purposes we use your data for?
A portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. Other data may be used to analyze your user patterns.
What rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?
You have the right to receive information about the source, recipients and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. You also have the right to demand that your data are rectified or eradicated. If you have consented to data processing, you have the option to revoke this consent at any time, which shall affect all future data processing. Moreover, you have the right to demand that the processing of your data be restricted under certain circumstances. Furthermore, you have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.
Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time under the address disclosed in section “Information Required by Law” on this website if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues.
Analysis tools and tools provided by third parties
There is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when your visit this website. Such analyses are performed primarily with what we refer to as analysis programs.
For detailed information about these analysis programs please consult our Data Protection Declaration below.
2. Hosting and Content Delivery Networks (CDN)
External Hosting
This website is hosted by an external service provider (host). Personal data collected on this website are stored on the servers of the host. These may include, but are not limited to, IP addresses, contact requests, metadata and communications, contract information, contact information, names, web page access, and other data generated through a web site.
The host is used for the purpose of fulfilling the contract with our potential and existing customers (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR) and in the interest of secure, fast and efficient provision of our online services by a professional provider (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
Our host will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfil its performance obligations and to follow our instructions with respect to such data.
Execution of a contract data processing agreement
In order to guarantee processing in compliance with data protection regulations, we have concluded an order processing contract with our host.
3. General information and mandatory information
Data protection
The operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Data Protection Declaration.
Whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. Personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. This Data Protection Declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. It also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.
We herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the Internet (i.e. through e-mail communications) may be prone to security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data against third party access.
Information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the GDPR)
The data processing controller on this website is:
Dominik Steinfür gourmetravel.deBrienzer Str. 5313407 Berlin
Phone: +4915678554040E-mail: kontakt@growthwizard.de
The controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses, etc.).
Revocation of your consent to the processing of data
A wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. You can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.
Right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)
IN THE EVENT THAT DATA ARE PROCESSED ON THE BASIS OF ART. 6 SECT. 1 LIT. E OR F GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO AT ANY TIME OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA BASED ON GROUNDS ARISING FROM YOUR UNIQUE SITUATION. THIS ALSO APPLIES TO ANY PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. TO DETERMINE THE LEGAL BASIS, ON WHICH ANY PROCESSING OF DATA IS BASED, PLEASE CONSULT THIS DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION. IF YOU LOG AN OBJECTION, WE WILL NO LONGER PROCESS YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA, UNLESS WE ARE IN A POSITION TO PRESENT COMPELLING PROTECTION WORTHY GROUNDS FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA, THAT OUTWEIGH YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS OR IF THE PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING IS THE CLAIMING, EXERCISING OR DEFENCE OF LEGAL ENTITLEMENTS (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21 SECT. 1 GDPR).
IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS BEING PROCESSED IN ORDER TO ENGAGE IN DIRECT ADVERTISING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO AT ANY TIME OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUCH ADVERTISING. THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS AFFILIATED WITH SUCH DIRECT ADVERTISING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL SUBSEQUENTLY NO LONGER BE USED FOR DIRECT ADVERTISING PURPOSES (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21 SECT. 2 GDPR).
Right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agency
In the event of violations of the GDPR, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. The right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.
Right to data portability
You have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. If you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.
SSL and/or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from “http://” to “https://” and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.
If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
Information about, rectification and eradication of data
Within the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. You may also have a right to have your data rectified or eradicated. If you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time at the address provided in section “Information Required by Law.”
Right to demand processing restrictions
You have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. To do so, you may contact us at any time at the address provided in section “Information Required by Law.” The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:
In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.
If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data – with the exception of their archiving – may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.
4. Recording of data on this website
Cookies
Our websites and pages use what the industry refers to as “cookies.” Cookies are small text files that do not cause any damage to your device. They are either stored temporarily for the duration of a session (session cookies) or they are permanently archived on your device (permanent cookies). Session cookies are automatically deleted once you terminate your visit. Permanent cookies remain archived on your device until you actively delete them or they are automatically eradicated by your web browser.
In some cases it is possible that third party cookies are stored on your device once you enter our site (third party cookies). These cookies enable you or us to take advantage of certain services offered by the third party (e.g. cookies for the processing of payment services).
Cookies have a variety of functions. Many cookies are technically essential since certain website functions would not work in the absence of the cookies (e.g. the shopping cart function or the display of videos). The purpose of other cookies may be the analysis of user patterns or the display of promotional messages.
Cookies, which are required for the performance of electronic communication transactions (required cookies) or for the provision of certain functions you want to use (functional cookies, e.g. for the shopping cart function) or those that are necessary for the optimization of the website (e.g. cookies that provide measurable insights into the web audience), shall be stored on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, unless a different legal basis is cited. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision of the operator’s services. If your consent to the storage of the cookies has been requested, the respective cookies are stored exclusively on the basis of the consent obtained (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR); this consent may be revoked at any time.
You have the option to set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified any time cookies are placed and to permit the acceptance of cookies only in specific cases. You may also exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain cases or in general or activate the delete function for the automatic eradication of cookies when the browser closes. If cookies are deactivated, the functions of this website may be limited.
In the event that third party cookies are used or if cookies are used for analytical purposes, we will separately notify you in conjunction with this Data Protection Policy and, if applicable, ask for your consent.
Change Cookie Settings
EssenziellEssenzielle Cookies ermöglichen grundlegende Funktionen und sind für die einwandfreie Funktion der Website erforderlich.Borlabs CookieNameBorlabs CookieProviderEigentümer dieser WebsitePurposeSpeichert die Einstellungen der Besucher, die in der Cookie Box von Borlabs Cookie ausgewählt wurden.Cookie Nameborlabs-cookieCookie runtime1 JahrVG WortNameVG WortProviderVerwertungsgesellschaft WortPurposeVG Wort's cookie helps to determine the probability of our texts being copied and ensures that authors and publishers are compensated for legal claims. IP addresses are only processed in anonymised form.Purposehttps://www.vgwort.de/datenschutz.htmlHost(s)*.vgwort.deCookie NamesrpPolylangNamePolylangProviderOwner of this websitePurposeStores the current language.Purposehttps://gourmetravel.com/privacy-policy/Host(s)gourmetravel.com, gourmetravel.deCookie Namepll_languageCookie runtime1 YearStatistikenStatistik Cookies erfassen Informationen anonym. Diese Informationen helfen uns zu verstehen, wie unsere Besucher unsere Website nutzen.MarketingMarketing-Cookies werden von Drittanbietern oder Publishern verwendet, um personalisierte Werbung anzuzeigen. Sie tun dies, indem sie Besucher über Websites hinweg verfolgen.Externe MedienInhalte von Videoplattformen und Social-Media-Plattformen werden standardmäßig blockiert. Wenn Cookies von externen Medien akzeptiert werden, bedarf der Zugriff auf diese Inhalte keiner manuellen Einwilligung mehr.FacebookNameFacebookProviderFacebookPurposeWird verwendet, um Facebook-Inhalte zu entsperren.Purposehttps://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanationHost(s).facebook.comGoogle MapsNameGoogle MapsProviderGooglePurposeWird zum Entsperren von Google Maps-Inhalten verwendet.Purposehttps://policies.google.com/privacyHost(s).google.comCookie NameNIDCookie runtime6 MonateInstagramNameInstagramProviderFacebookPurposeWird verwendet, um Instagram-Inhalte zu entsperren.Purposehttps://www.instagram.com/legal/privacy/Host(s).instagram.comCookie Namepigeon_stateCookie runtimeSitzungOpenStreetMapNameOpenStreetMapProviderOpenStreetMap FoundationPurposeWird verwendet, um OpenStreetMap-Inhalte zu entsperren.Purposehttps://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_PolicyHost(s).openstreetmap.orgCookie Name_osm_location, _osm_session, _osm_totp_token, _osm_welcome, _pk_id., _pk_ref., _pk_ses., qos_tokenCookie runtime1-10 JahreTwitterNameTwitterProviderTwitterPurposeWird verwendet, um Twitter-Inhalte zu entsperren.Purposehttps://twitter.com/privacyHost(s).twimg.com, .twitter.comCookie Name__widgetsettings, local_storage_support_testCookie runtimeUnbegrenztVimeoNameVimeoProviderVimeoPurposeWird verwendet, um Vimeo-Inhalte zu entsperren.Purposehttps://vimeo.com/privacyHost(s)player.vimeo.comCookie NamevuidCookie runtime2 JahreYouTubeNameYouTubeProviderYouTubePurposeWird verwendet, um YouTube-Inhalte zu entsperren.Purposehttps://policies.google.com/privacyHost(s)google.comCookie NameNIDCookie runtime6 Monate
Cookie Consent with Borlabs Cookie
Our website uses the Borlabs cookie consent technology to obtain your consent to the storage of certain cookies in your browser and for their data privacy protection compliant documentation. The provider of this technology is Borlabs – Benjamin A. Bornschein, Georg-Wilhelm-Str. 17, 21107 Hamburg, Germany (hereinafter referred to as Borlabs).
Whenever you visit our website, a Borlabs cookie will be stored in your browser, which archives any declarations or revocations of consent you have entered. These data are not shared with the provider of the Borlabs technology.
The recorded data shall remain archived until you ask us to eradicate them, delete the Borlabs cookie on your own or the purpose of storing the data no longer exists. This shall be without prejudice to any retention obligations mandated by law. To review the details of Borlabs’ data processing policies, please visit https://de.borlabs.io/kb/welche-daten-speichert-borlabs-cookie/
We use the Borlabs cookie consent technology to obtain the declarations of consent mandated by law for the use of cookies. The legal basis for the use of such cookies is Art. 6 Sect. 1 Sentence 1 lit. c GDPR.
Server log files
The provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:
The type and version of browser usedThe used operating systemReferrer URLThe hostname of the accessing computerThe time of the server inquiryThe IP address
This data is not merged with other data sources.
This data is recorded on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operator’s website. In order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.
Contact form
If you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. We will not share this information without your consent.
The processing of these data is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests addressed to us (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR) or on your agreement (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR) if this has been requested.
The information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g. after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). This shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions – in particular retention periods.
Request by e-mail, telephone or fax
If you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not pass these data on without your consent.
These data are processed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. b GDPR if your inquiry is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is required for the performance of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the data are processed on the basis of our legitimate interest in the effective handling of inquiries submitted to us (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR) or on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR) if it has been obtained.
The data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). Mandatory statutory provisions – in particular statutory retention periods – remain unaffected.
The comment function on this website
When you use the comment function on this website, information on the time the comment was generated and your e-mail-address and, if you are not posting anonymously, the username you have selected will be archived in addition to your comments.
Storage of the IP address
Our comment function stores the IP addresses of all users who enter comments. Given that we do not review the comments prior to publishing them, we need this information in order to take action against the author in the event of rights violations, such as defamation or propaganda.
Storage period for comments
Comments and any affiliated information (e.g. the IP address) shall be stored by us and remain on this website until the content the comment pertained to has been deleted in its entirety or if the comments had to be deleted for legal reasons (e.g. insulting comments).
Legal basis
Comments are stored on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You have the right to revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. To do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via e-mail. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.
5. Social media
Social media plug-ins with Shariff
We do use plug-ins of social media networks on this website and its pages (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, XING, LinkedIn, Tumblr).
As a rule, you will be able to recognize these plug-ins because of the respective social media logos that appear. To warrant the protection of data on this website, we use these plug-ins only in combination with the so-called “Shariff” solution. This application prevents the plug-ins that have been integrated into this website from transferring data to the respective provider as soon as you enter our website.
A direct connection to the provider’s server shall not be established until you have activated the respective plug-in by clicking on the affiliated button (which indicates your consent). As soon as you activate the plug-in, the respective provider receives the information that you have visited this website with your IP address. If you are simultaneously logged into your respective social media account (e.g. Facebook), the respective provider will be able to allocate your visit to this website to your user account.
The activation of the plug-in constitutes a declaration of consent as defined in Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. You have the option to revoke this consent at any time, which shall affect all future transactions.
6. Analysis tools and advertising
Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider of this service is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Analytics enables the website operator to analyze the behavior patterns of website visitors. To that end, the website operator receives a variety of user data, such as pages accessed, time spent on the page, the utilized operating system and the user’s origin. Google may consolidate these data in a profile that is allocated to the respective user or the user’s device.
Google Analytics uses technologies that make the recognition of the user for the purpose of analyzing the user behavior patterns (e.g. cookies or device fingerprinting). The website use information recorded by Google is, as a rule transferred to a Google server in the United States, where it is stored.
This analysis tool is used on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The operator of this website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both, the services offered online and the operator’s advertising activities. If a corresponding agreement has been requested (e.g. an agreement to the storage of cookies), the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the agreement can be revoked at any time.
IP anonymization
On this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Google’s servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Google’s possession.
Browser plug-in
You can prevent the recording and processing of your data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Google’s Data Privacy Declaration at: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
Contract data processing
We have executed a contract data processing agreement with Google and are implementing the stringent provisions of the German data protection agencies to the fullest when using Google Analytics.
Archiving period
Data on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 14 month. For details please click the following link: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=en
Google AdSense (not personalized)
This website uses Google AdSense, an ad embedding service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
We use Google AdSense in the “non-personalized” mode. Contrary to the personalized mode, the ads are not based on your previous user patterns and the service does not generate a user profile for you. Instead, the service uses so-called “context information” to choose the ads that are posted for you to view. The selected ads are thus based e.g. on your location, the content of the website you are visiting at the time or the search terms you are using. To learn more about the distinct differences between personalized targeting and targeting that has not been personalized by Google AdSense, please click on the following link: https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/9007336.
Please keep in mind that if Google Adsense is used in the non-personalized mode, it is possible that cookies are stored or comparable recognition technologies (e.g. device fingerprinting) are used.
AdSense is used on the basis of Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. et seq. GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in making the marketing of the website as effective as possible. If a respective declaration of consent was requested, processing shall occur exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR; the given consent may be revoked at any time.
Google is certified in accordance with the “EU-US Privacy Shield”. The Privacy Shield accord was executed between the European Union and the United States with the aim of ensuring that European Data Protection Standards are observed in conjunction with the processing of data in the United States. Every company that is certified in accordance with the Privacy Shield regulations undertakes to comply with these data protection standards.
You have the option to autonomously adjust the advertising settings in your user account. To do so, please click on the link provided below and log in: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.
For more information about Google’s advertising technologies, please click here:https://policies.google.com/technologies/adshttps://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
VG-Wort
Cookies and traffic reports
We use “session cookies” from VG Wort, Munich, to measure access to texts in order to determine the probability of copying. Session cookies are small units of information that a provider stores in the main memory of the visitor’s computer. A randomly generated unique identification number, a so-called session ID, is stored in a session cookie. In addition, a cookie contains information about its origin and the period of storage. Session cookies cannot store other data. These measurements are carried out by Kantar Deutschland GmbH according to the Scalable Central Measurement Method (SZM). They help to determine the copying probability of individual texts for the remuneration of legal claims of authors and publishers. We do not collect personal data via cookies.
We thus enable our authors to participate in the distributions of VG Wort, which ensure the legal remuneration for the use of copyright-protected works in accordance with § 53 UrhG.VERWERTUNGSGESELLSCHAFT WORT – Conditions of participation T.O.M. Page 5/5 Status March 2019
Our website can also be used without cookies. Most browsers are set in such a way that they automatically accept cookies. However, you can deactivate the storage of cookies or set your browser to inform you as soon as cookies are sent.
Privacy policy for the use of the Scalable Central Measuring Method – Web offers
Our website and our mobile web offer use the “Scalable Central Measurement Method” (SZM) of Kantar Deutschland GmbH for the determination of statistical parameters to determine the copy probability of texts.
Anonymous measured values are collected. The access number measurement uses alternatively a session cookie or a signature, which is created from various automatically transmitted information of your browser, to recognize computer systems. IP addresses are only processed in anonymous form. The procedure was developed in compliance with data protection. The sole aim of the procedure is to determine the probability of individual texts being copied. At no time are individual users identified. Their identity always remains protected. You will not receive any advertising via the system.
7. Newsletter
Newsletter data
If you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an e-mail address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided and consent to the receipt of the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall be collected only on a voluntary basis. We shall use such data only for the sending of the requested information and shall not share such data with any third parties.
The processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR). You may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the e-mail address and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in the newsletter. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place to date.
The data deposited with us for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or the newsletter service provider and deleted from the newsletter distribution list after you unsubscribe from the newsletter. Data stored for other purposes with us remain unaffected.
After you unsubscribe from the newsletter distribution list, your e-mail address may be stored by us or the newsletter service provider in a blacklist to prevent future mailings. The data from the blacklist is used only for this purpose and not merged with other data. This serves both your interest and our interest in complying with the legal requirements when sending newsletters (legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). The storage in the blacklist is indefinite. You may object to the storage if your interests outweigh our legitimate interest.
8. Plug-ins and Tools
YouTube
This website embeds videos of the website YouTube. The website operator is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
If you visit a page on this website into which a YouTube has been embedded, a connection with YouTube’s servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited.
Furthermore, YouTube will be able to place various cookies on your device or comparable technologies for recognition (e.g. device fingerprinting). In this way YouTube will be able to obtain information about this website’s visitors. Among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud.
If you are logged into your YouTube account while you visit our site, you enable YouTube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You have the option to prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, this is a legitimate interest. If a corresponding agreement has been requested, the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the agreement can be revoked at any time.
For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult the YouTube Data Privacy Policy under: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Vimeo
This website uses plug-ins of the video portal Vimeo. The provider is Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA.
If you visit one of the pages on our website into which a Vimeo video has been integrated, a connection to Vimeo’s servers will be established. As a consequence, the Vimeo server will receive information as to which of our pages you have visited. Moreover, Vimeo will receive your IP address. This will also happen if you are not logged into Vimeo or do not have an account with Vimeo. The information recorded by Vimeo will be transmitted to Vimeo’s server in the United States.
If you are logged into your Vimeo account, you enable Vimeo to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your Vimeo account.
Vimeo uses cookies or comparable recognition technologies (e.g. device fingerprinting) to recognize website visitors.
The use of Vimeo is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR, this is a legitimate interest. If a corresponding agreement has been requested, the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the agreement can be revoked at any time.
Vimeo is certified in compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield, which aims to safeguard the processing of personal data in the United States in compliance with the applicable EU-Standards.
For more information on how Vimeo handles user data, please consult the Vimeo Data Privacy Policy under: https://vimeo.com/privacy.
Google Web Fonts
To ensure that fonts used on this website are uniform, this website uses so-called Web Fonts provided by Google. When you access a page on our website, your browser will load the required web fonts into your browser cache to correctly display text and fonts.
To do this, the browser you use will have to establish a connection with Google’s servers. As a result, Google will learn that your IP address was used to access this website. The use of Google Web Fonts is based on Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in a uniform presentation of the font on the operator’s website. If a respective declaration of consent has been obtained (e.g. consent to the archiving of cookies), the data will be processed exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. Any such consent may be revoked at any time.
If your browser should not support Web Fonts, a standard font installed on your computer will be used.
For more information on Google Web Fonts, please follow this link: https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and consult Google’s Data Privacy Declaration under: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Google Maps
Via an API, this website uses the mapping service Google Maps. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
To enable the use of the Google Maps features, your IP address must be stored. As a rule, this information is transferred to one of Google’s servers in the United States, where it is archived. The operator of this website has no control over the data transfer.
We use Google Maps to present our online content in an appealing manner and to make the locations disclosed on our website easy to find. This constitutes a legitimate interest as defined in Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. If a respective declaration of consent has been obtained, the data shall be processed exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR. This declaration of consent may be revoked at any time.
For more information on the handling of user data, please review Google’s Data Privacy Declaration under: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use “Google reCAPTCHA” (hereinafter referred to as “reCAPTCHA”) on this website. The provider is Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to determine whether data entered on this website (e.g. information entered into a contact form) is being provided by a human user or by an automated program. To determine this, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the website visitors based on a variety of parameters. This analysis is triggered automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the site. For this analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates a variety of data (e.g. IP address, time the website visitor spent on the site or cursor movements initiated by the user). The data tracked during such analyses are forwarded to Google.
reCAPTCHA analyses run entirely in the background. Website visitors are not alerted that an analysis is underway.
Data are stored and analyzed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the protection of the operator’s websites against abusive automated spying and against SPAM. If a respective declaration of consent has been obtained, the data will be processed exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a DGDPR. Any such consent may be revoked at any time.
For more information about Google reCAPTCHA please refer to the Google Data Privacy Declaration and Terms Of Use under the following links: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en and https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en.
9. Online marketing and partner programs
Amazon partner program
The operators of this website participate in the Amazon EU partners’ program. Amazon integrates ads and links to the German Amazon website –  Amazon.de – into this website, which allows us to generate earnings in the form of advertising cost reimbursements. Amazon uses cookies or comparable technologies for recognition (e.g. device-fingerprinting) for this program to be able to determine the source of orders placed. This allows Amazon to determine that you have clicked the partner link on this website.
Data are stored and analyzed on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the correct calculation of the operator’s affiliate compensation. If a respective declaration of consent has been obtained (e.g. consent to the archiving of cookies), the data will be processed exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Sect. 1 lit. a DGDPR. Any such consent may be revoked at any time.
For more information on Amazon’s data usage, please consult Amazon’s Data Privacy Declaration under the following link: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=footer_privacy?ie=UTF8&nodeId=468496.
Schließen
Home
Destinations
Germany
China
Thailand
Portugal
Spain
Austria
Posts
About
Contact me
Deutsch