http://greenhead.net/privacy
Sign up for our E-Newsletter
Toggle navigation
Greenhead
Articles
Guide Services
Properties
Public Hunting
Editions
Buy a Copy or Give a Gift
2020 Digital Edition
2019 Digital Edition
2018 Digital Edition
2017 Digital Edition
2016 Digital Edition
2015 Digital Edition
2014 Digital Edition
2013 Digital Edition
2012 Digital Edition
2011 Digital Edition
2010 Digital Edition
Giveaways
Search
Newsletter
License Info
FAQ
Pro Staff
Search
Our Privacy Guidelines
Thank you for visiting Greenhead.net, ArkansasBusiness.com and ArkansasSports360.com, two Arkansas Business Publishing Group (ABPG) sites. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this ABPG site. If you object to any terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy at anytime, you should immediately discontinue use of the site.Users of Greenhead.net/ArkansasBusiness.com/ArkansasSports360.com  Greenhead.net/ArkansasBusiness.com/ArkansasSports360.com does not sell, rent, give away, or loan any identifiable information regarding its members to any third party without the user's consent.
Participation in submitting information to our New Business Listings, Classifieds, Property Listings, Web Links Directory, Calendar of Events, Movers & Shakers, Meeting Facilities and the Commercial Real Estate Guide requires that information be made available within the context of the Web site. This includes availability to entities purchasing New Business List or the Central Arkansas Manufacturers Directory online. In order to subscribe to our weekly e-mail newsletters, provide Arkansas Business Publishing Group with feedback, make advertising requests, or receive e-mail updates-users are required to provide us with their e-mail address. The information we collect may be used by us to contact users for marketing purposes. Greenhead.net/ArkansasBusiness.com/ArkansasSports360.com will not disclose any of your specific personal information unless you consent to disclose it. If you elect to participate in a special program, your specific personal information may be shared with participating vendors in order to complete the transaction. Arkansas Business Publishing Group may share aggregate or summary information regarding its users with third parties. We collect information on Web usage, but this information remains anonymous. We may use this information, in aggregate, for research reports and to benchmark and evaluate our performance. Greenhead.net/ArkansasBusiness.com/ArkansasSports360.com does use cookies to assign a unique identification to your computer in order to allow access to password protected areas of our site and make comments. We collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect may be used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please notify us by contacting us through the e-mail address or telephone number listed below. If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please notify us through the e-mail address or telephone number listed below. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us regarding orders they have placed online.How to Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about the ABPG online policy for this site or its implementation you may e-mail us here or write to the following address:Arkansas Business Publishing Group ATTN: Internet Privacy Policy P.O. Box 3686 Little Rock, AR 72203 (501) 372-1443
Sign up for our E-Newsletter
digital editions
Fall 2020
Fall 2019
Fall 2018
Fall 2017
Fall 2016
Fall 2015
Fall 2014
Fall 2013
Fall 2012
Fall 2011
Fall 2010
Greenhead is proud to present the Arkansas Waterfowler Hall of Fame. The creation of this program is an effort to preserve the contributions of those individuals who have gone above and beyond through dedicated time, resources and other work to enhance the waterfowl industry in Arkansas.Nominate a deserving waterfowler today to ensure that no one goes overlooked by the judges.
About AWHOF
Nominate Today!
Buy Tickets
Buy A Copy
or give a gift
Copyright © 2020 Five Legged Stool LLC. All rights reserved.
Guide Services
Properties
Public Hunting
Photos
Arkansas Waterfowler HOF
Buy a Copy or Give a Gift
Articles
License Info
FAQ
Pro Staff
Helpful Links
About ABPG
Contact ABPG
Terms, Conditions & Notices
Our Privacy Guidelines
Advertise On This Site
Send Us News Tips & Leads
Request Reprints
Download Media Kit
Article Rights Inquiries
Top