http://greeksails.com/en_GB/privacy-cookies/
Your privacy & cookies
Home
Sailing holidays & yacht charter
Flotilla sailing holidays
Bareboat yacht charters
Skippered & assisted charters
Sail & Stay sailing holidays
Learn to sail holidays
Our flotilla & bareboat yachts
Sailing area
Sailing holiday & charter prices
Offers & late availability deals
About Greek Sails sailing holidays
Contact Greek Sails
Sailing holidays
Sailing holidays & yacht charter
Flotilla sailing holidays
Bareboat yacht charter
Skippered & assisted charters
Cabin charter sailing holidays
Adventure sailing & mile building
Sail & Stay sailing holidays
Learn to sail holidays
Round Poros Race
Round Poros Race entry & results
End your sailing season with a high
Qualifications & experience
Sailing holiday & charter prices
Offers & late availability deals
New to sailing - beginners advice
Booking your sailing holidays
About your sailing holiday
Food & tavernas
What to bring sailing
Our yachts
Our yachts & flotilla fleet
Sun Odyssey 32i
Sun Odyssey 33i
Sun Odyssey 349
Sun Odyssey 35
Sun Odyssey 36.2
Sun Odyssey 36i
Sun Odyssey 37.1
Sun Odyssey 389
Sun Odyssey 409
Oceanis 43
Sun Odyssey 439
Sun Odyssey 44i
Sun Odyssey 469
Cyclades 50.5
Yachts for Sale
Sun Odyssey 29.2
Sun Odyssey 32
Greek Sails sailing yacht selector
Sailing area
The Greek Sails sailing area
Sailing in the Saronic Gulf
Sailing in the Argolic Gulf
Sailing the eastern Peloponnese
Sailing the Cyclades Islands
Sailing holiday location albums
Livádhi, Nísos Sérifos, Cyclades
Monemvasia, Peloponnese
Navplíon, Peloponnese
Yérakas, eastern Peloponnese
Sailing holidays & yacht charter
Our yachts & flotilla fleet
Learn to sail sailing holidays
Learn to sail
Learn to sail - sailing school
RYA Sailing course structure
RYA practical sailing courses
RYA shorebased sailing courses
Non-RYA practical sailing courses
Sailing books & training manuals
Stay & learn to sail holidays
What to expect on your course
How to prepare for your course
Prices for sail training courses
About us
About Greek Sails
The history of Greek Sails
Customer reviews & comments
Join our newsletter
What Greek Sails do
Sailing holidays & yacht charter
Our yachts & flotilla fleet
Poros Yachting Academy (PYA)
Services for private yachts
Yacht brokerage
Where are we located?
Travelling to Greek Sails
About the town & island of Poros
How to contact Greek Sails
Useful links & links to us
Statutory information
Bookings & enquiries
About bookings & enquiries
Holiday bookings & enquiries
Order a sailing holidays brochure
Sailing holiday & charter prices
Offers & late availability deals
How to contact Greek Sails
Offers
This page includes information about your privacy, our monitoring of this website and our use of cookies.
We are required to provide this information under the terms of the EU Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive and other national laws.
Your privacy and our use of cookies
Sailing holiday enquiry
Overview
We are required to provide you information about our privacy policy and our use of cookies on this website.
Personal data
This website only collects personal data from you with your permission, for example when you complete an enquiry form. No personal data is collected from you or about you at any time without.
Website usage information
We collect information about usage of this website to help us improve our service to you, but this information does not contain any personal data whatsoever.
Web usage information is collected in our web server logs as is usual for almost all websites. This information records the date & time of items requested from the site. We also use
Google Analytics
to help us analyse website usage and understand user interactions with our site.
Google Analytics uses tagging techniques including JavaScript and cookies. We also use cookies to help us better understand topics people have been searching for when they access the site from a Search Engine. None of our cookies contain or are linked to any personally identifiable information and are only for site monitoring and site improvement.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data given to your browser by a website which may be stored as text files in the cookie directory of your computer. Cookies are not programs and cannot collect information from your computer. They do not damage your computer and are defined as:
“a piece of text stored on a user’s computer by their web browser. A cookie can be used for authentication, storing site preferences, shopping cart contents, the identifier for a server-based session, or anything else that can be accomplished through storing text data”. Source: Wikipedia
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie)
Any website may send cookie data to your browser which may save it if your browser’s preferences allow it to do so. To protect your privacy your browser only returns a cookie to the website that sent you the cookie and does not send it to any other website. A website cannot access your cookie directory or any other information on your computer, instead relevant cookies are included by your browser within each request you make to the website; a website can only obtain cookie data your browser sends to it.
You do not have to accept cookies and you can change the settings within your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, reject cookies from certain websites, notify you if a site is requesting to set a cookie plus set other options.
Further information
Specific information about cookies this site uses are provided below:
Cookie details
Cookie name
Cookie purpose
__utmb
__utmc
__utma
__utmz
These cookies are set by and form a part of Google Analytics which we use to help us analyse website usage and understand user interactions with our site. Google
provides information about their use of cookies within Google Analytics and their privacy policy
s_h
s_c
To help us better understand topics people have been searching for when they access the site from a Search Engine
In this section...
Sailing holidays & yacht charter
» Flotilla sailing holidays
» Bareboat yacht charters
» Skippered & assisted charters
» Sail & Stay sailing holidays
» Learn to sail holidays - RYA courses
» Our flotilla & bareboat charter yachts
» Sailing area
Pricing for our sailing holidays & charters
» Offers & late availability deals
About Greek Sails
Contact Greek Sails
Sitemap
(+30) 2298 023 147
Sign-up for our newsletter
Enter your Email address to receive periodic news, sailing tips & offers from Greek Sails:
To manage your subscription including unsubscribe, enter your Email address and follow the instructions that will be sent to you.
Read reviews of Greek Sails
Like this page?
Like this page? Think it useful? Tell us & tell your friends by “Liking” or sending to share on Facebook, “+1” on Google+, LinkedIn “in share” or Tweet your find and follow us on Twitter.
Tweet
The ‘Sleeping Lady of Poros’ reclining as the sun sets to the west after another glorious day in Poros
© Copyright 2020,
Greek Sails Limited,
Douzina 166, Punta,
Poros Island,
18020,
Attica,
Greece
Tel.: (+44) 203 286 6200 or (+30) 2298 023 147 -
Fax.: (+30) 2298 022 040
Email:
-
Skype: Greek.Sails
Add Greek Sails to your Address Book
Privacy & cookies
Scan our contact details here