https://gsrne.org/privacy-policy/
Our Dogs
What’s New
Events
Join Us
DONATE NOW!
Home
About Us
Contact Us
GSRNE Annual Report
Privacy Policy
Subscribe to Newsletter
Adopt
Adoption Requirements
Our Adoption Process
Before You Adopt
Available Dogs
In Area Shelters
Our Adopted Dogs
Happy Tails
Senior German Shepherd Dogs
Rainbow Bridge
Foster
Foster Home Requirements
What We Provide
Foster Home Process
Foster Home Application
Foster Poems and Stories
Emergencies
Help to Place Your Own Dog
Bloat In Dogs
Reporting Abuse
Poisoning
Support
Donate
Become a Member
Volunteers Needed
Annual Auction and Tagging Party Postponed Until Fall
Buddy Program
Corporate Partners
Events
Memorials and Honorariums
Jackson Fund for Senior Dogs
Abby’s “Leg”acy
Mo-Bear Memorial Fund
Shopping
VOID
Wish List
Educate
GSD History
Breed Standard
Training Tips
GSD Health Information
The Truth About Puppy Mills
Working with Senior Dogs
Dog Food Information
Resources
Help to Place Your Own Dog
What To Do About Lost Dogs
Training Links
Health Info
Other GSD Resources
Working-K9
Working Dog Program Scrapbook
GSRNE’s Working Dog K9 Spotlight
Search
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
The German Shepherd Rescue of New England, Inc. (“GSRNE”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to keeping your personal information private.   This privacy policy provides information about our practices and policies for this website: https://gsrne.org/gsrne-live.  GSRNE reserves the right to revise this privacy policy from time to time.  By using this website, you are agreeing to the terms of the current privacy policy.  Please read it carefully.
Information That We Collect About You
GSRNE only collects and maintains personal information that is voluntarily provided to us.  You can provide us with personal information when you send us an email, complete any of our online forms (such as when you sign up to be a member), make a donation, enter a raffle, or purchase something from our online store.  When you fill out our forms, you may be asked to provide information such as your name, address, phone number, email address, and driver’s license number in addition to other information.
If you pay your membership dues online, make a purchase, or donate to us using our website, all payment card and financial account processing and security is handled using a third party payment processor.  This is discussed further in the “Security” section below.  Users seeking to pay membership dues online, to make a purchase, or to donate online should familiarize themselves with the applicable payment processor’s policies and practices.  Only the third party payment processor will handle your payment card or financial account information; however, we may obtain information about you from our third party payment processors.  This information may include your order number, name, payment card company, address, shipping information, telephone number, email address, date and time of order, and the amount of your purchase or donation.  We will not share this information with third parties except in the limited circumstances described in this privacy policy.
GSRNE uses “cookies.”  A cookie is a small file that contains information and is stored by a user’s browser on the computer’s hard drive.  We may use cookies to tailor our services to meet your interests and preferences, offer assistance when you complete our forms, estimate audience size, etc.  Generally, you can adjust the settings on your browser to accept or not accept cookies, or to notify you when you are sent a cookie so that you can decide whether to accept it.
GSRNE may collect information from your browser such as your IP address, cookie information, and the pages on our website that you visit to assess website traffic and make improvements to our content.  This information is not used to identify and track you.
How We Use The Information We Collect
GSRNE may use personal information collected about you to provide you with services and products that you request.
We may use your information to communicate with you about issues that we feel may be of interest to you based on the information that you provide us.  For example, if you notify us that you are interested helping with certain types of volunteer activities, we may contact you when such opportunities arise.  Additionally, if you have expressed an interest in receiving flyers and electronic newsletters from us, we may send those types of communications to you.  If you receive one of our electronic communications and wish to opt out from receiving similar communications, you can quickly and easily do so by following instructions on the electronic communication.
We may use information that we collect to manage our website and the services that we offer.
We may contract with companies or persons (“Service Providers”) to provide certain services related to GSRNE, including, but not limited to payment card processing, data management, fraud prevention, web analytics, promotional services, and shipping.  We will only give these Service Providers the information needed for them to perform such services.  We will also, to the extent practicable, require such third parties to protect you information consistent with the protections offered by GSRNE.  This is discussed further in the “Security” section below.
Information Shared With Third Parties
Information Shared With Your Consent:  Except for the limited purposes described in this privacy policy, we will not sell, rent, trade, or disclose the information that you provide to us to third parties without your consent.  For example, if you fill out our volunteer form and provide references who we can contact about you and your pet-owning/handling practices, you are consenting to us contacting those references in order to gather information about you.  Any information that we obtain from you through our website or from contacting any personal or veterinary references that you provide will solely be used by GSRNE and its members and volunteers.  We will not provide this information to other third parties except with your consent or as discussed in this privacy policy.
Information Disclosed For Other Purposes:  We may disclose your information at our sole discretion if we have reason to believe that disclosure is necessary (a) to comply any legal or governmental request or requirement, such as a subpoena; (b) to enforce this privacy policy; (c) to detect, prevent, or resolve fraud, security, or technical issues, including spam and malware issues; or (d) to protect the safety, property, and rights of ourselves, our members and volunteers, and the public.  Additionally, (e) if GSRNE is involved in a merger, acquisition, asset sale, or bankruptcy, your personal information may be transferred to third parties.
Children Under Age 13
The GSRNE website is not directed to children under age 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under age 13.  If we learn that we have inadvertently collected information from a child under 13, we will delete that information as soon as reasonably possible.
Making Changes to Your Personal Information
We understand that personal information can change, such as your mailing address and phone number.  If you wish to notify us of any changes to your personal information to keep it current, please email us at privacypolicy@gsrne.org.
Third Party Links and Websites
We may provide links to third party websites.  This privacy policy does not apply to the policies and practices of third parties that we do not own or control.  Although GSRNE tries to only provide links to websites that share our respect for visitor privacy, GSRNE is not responsible for the content or policies of third parties.  We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the policies and practices of any third party websites that you access.
Security
GSRNE seeks to protect the security of your information through physical, administrative, and technical safeguards, including the use of sophisticated encryption and authentication tools.  Where we employ Service Providers, we take care to select Service Providers that share our concern for security and utilize appropriate measures (such as encryption, physical access controls, firewalls, and other technologies) to protect personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, misuse, alteration, or destruction. However, GSRNE cannot guarantee the security of your information.   Please be mindful that unauthorized entry or use, systems failures, and other factors could comprise the security of your information.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
GSRNE reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time for any reason.  We will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy without your consent.  In the event that we decide to make any material changes to this privacy policy, we will post a notice on this privacy policy 30 days prior to the effective date of the new policy or send an email to the address we have on record alerting you of the change.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please email us at privacypolicy@gsrne.org.  You can also call us at our hotline number: 978-443-2202.  (Please note:  This number is not staffed 24 hours a day, but if you leave a message, we will return your call.)
Effective Date:  June 28, 2013
GSRNE Happenings
Choose Your Decorations
TRIM THE TREE & HELP THE DOGS
Here's how you do it!
1) Decide which ornaments…
[more]
Santa’s List
Trim-the-Tree to help the dogs!
Like everyone, this year has been brutal…
[more]
2020 Trim-the-Tree
TRIM the TREE  & HELP the Dogs
Help us decorate it by clicking here to see the…
[more]
GSRNE Shopping Page
Thank you for visiting our Shopping Page
Our 2021 Calendar is fantastic.
&…
[more]
2021 Calendar
The 2021 GSRNE Calendar
is filled with GORGEOUS shots of our GSRNE dogs! Bu…
[more]
GSRNE Masks
GSRNE masks reflecting the love of our breed!
100% cotton mask with a…
[more]
GSRNE Candles
Check out our collection of GSRNE candles. Try our amazing scents …
[more]
Annual GSRNE Auction Save the Date	The 2021 GSRNE Annual Auction has been scheduled for Sunday, April 25, 2021, at the Spring…
[more]
Fostering a Dog for GSRNE
German Shepherd Rescue of New England, Inc. (GSRNE) is looking for new foster homes.  Th…
[more]
Wish List
Our dogs need lots of supplies to keep them happy, healthy and safe!  From durable to…
[more]
© 2003-20 GSRNE.org
all rights reserved.
Images/text may not be
used without permission.
German Shepherd Rescue of New England, Inc. P.O. Box 299, Wayland, MA 01778
Privacy Policy
Contact Us -