https://guglielmowinery.com/termsofuse/
Manhattan Escorts
NYC Escorts
Search for:
Search
Home
About Us
History
Vineyards
Team
Winemaker
FAQs
Testimonials
GW Videos
Our Wines
Shop Our Wines
Find Our Wine
THE GUGLIELMO WINE GROUP
Awards
Visit Us
Tasting Room
Visitation Policy
Wine Experience/reservation
CURBSIDE PICK UP/HOME DELIVERY
Gift Shop
Our Videos
Events
Public Events
Corporate Events
Private Events
Weddings
Our Gallery
Contact
Login / Register
TERMS OF USE
Privacy PolicyReturn Policy
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Emilio Guglielmo Winery, Inc. relationship with you in the context of this website.
The term “Emilio Guglielmo Winery, Inc.” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense. From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States.
WINE-SPECIFIC CONDITIONS
LEGAL REQUIREMENTS
You must be 21 years of age or older, to order or receive alcoholic beverages from Emilio Guglielmo Winery, Inc. Receipt of shipments containing alcoholic beverages requires the signature of a sober adult (a person 21 years of age or older who is not intoxicated). Wines purchased from Emilio Guglielmo Winery, Inc. are not for resale, and are for personal consumption only.
CREDIT CARD CHARGES
Orders are by credit card only. We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover.
MINIMUM PURCHASE
No minimum purchase is required.
STATES AUTHORIZED FOR DIRECT SHIPMENT
Due to the ever-changing nature of wine shipping laws, we may be able to ship wines, directly or indirectly to the following states: Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Texas, Washington, Washington D.C., Wisconsin.
SHIPPING COSTS
FedEx Ground is Emilio Guglielmo Winery, Inc. carrier of choice. Ground shipping is provided by FedEx at current market rates. *Note – If the customer wants another shipping method for their carrier, you will need to contact the winery and the customer pays all shipping charges, regardless of his or her wine club membership or purchase amount.
WINE IS A DELICATE COMMODITY
Wine is a perishable commodity. Wine does not like extremes of temperature: hot humid summer and cold winter weather may adversely affect the condition of your wine during shipment. Emilio Guglielmo Winery, Inc. is not responsible for, and will not replace wine that is damaged by extreme weather conditions during shipment. Emilio Guglielmo Winery, Inc. reserves the right to hold wine shipments until temperature conditions subside or normalize in order to help ensure the quality of our wines. When your wine order is picked up by the common carrier for delivery, responsibility for the wine becomes the responsibility of the purchaser.
Curbside Pickup Thursday-Saturday 11-2
Phone: 408-779-2145
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
Vimeo
OUR WINE
Shop Our Wines
Guglielmo Wine Group
Tasting Room
Awards
Information
Tasting Room
Public Events
Private Events
Corporate Events
Weddings
Careers
Connect with Us
Sign Up Now
ABOUT
History
Vineyards
Contact Us
Events
TERMS & POLICIES
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
© 2012 ~ 2019 Guglielmo Winery All Rights Reserved.
Website by: www.techmondo.net
Scroll To Top
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies.
Accept