http://guineapigsclub.com/privacy.asp
Before you browse our site, please read our cookies policy
join us
free games
guestbook
hamster shop
pictures
videos
ecards
home page
guinea pigs information
History
Evolution
Breeds
Life Span
Teeth
Digestion
Sounds
Acquiring / Buying
Getting Ready
Handling
Selecting
Housing
Bedding
Furnishing the Cage
Food
Diet
Feeding Requirements
Breeding
Breeding Setbacks
Mating
Courtship
Oestrus
Pregnancy
guinea pig care
Falling Ill
Distress
Grooming
Brushing and Grooming
Nail clipping
Bathing
Playtime
Sexing
free downloads
free online games
cavy articles
guinea pigs FAQs
links
Guinea Pigs Links
Pets Links
Animal Rescue Links
Animal Rights Links
Pet Accessories Links
General Links
contact us
guinea pigs videos, video
guinea pig photos, pictures, photo gallery
guinea pig free ecards, cute ecards, happy birthday ecards
Privacy & Cookies Policy
This Policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to your personal data as a user of our website.
We at Guinea Pigs Club are committed to protecting our website visitors’ privacy and we will not collect any personal information about you as a visitor unless you provide it voluntarily. We consider that we have a legal duty to respect and protect any personal information you provide to us and we will abide by such duty. We take all safeguards necessary to prevent unauthorised access and we do not pass on your details collected from you as a visitor, to any third party, other than as provided in this notice.
Any personal information you communicate to us is kept within our own records in accordance with the relevant data protection and privacy laws to which the Parties are subject including but not limited to the Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act, subsidiary legislation thereto, as may be amended from time to time.
Cookies
We use cookies when you visit our site. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk or to your browser’s memory. There are four main types of cookies that we use. Here’s how and why we use them:
(1) Site functionality cookies – these cookies allow you to navigate the site and use our features, such as “save flight”.(2) Site analytics cookies – these cookies allow us to measure and analyse how our customers use the site, to improve both its functionality and your online experience.(3) Customer preference cookies – when you are browsing, these cookies will remember your preferences (like your location), so we can make your online experience as seamless as possible and more personal to you.(4) Targeting or advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver ads that are relevant to you. They also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
Please note that the cookies used by us do not personally identify you but they simply identify your computer or other device.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. However, if you prefer, you can set your browser to block all, or certain, cookies. You can also set your browser to prompt you each time a cookie is offered.
Data analytics
If you read or download information from our site, we automatically collect and store the following information:
• The requested web page or download;• The date and time when you accessed the site;• The Internet address of the web site or the domain name of the computer from which you accessed the site;• The operating system of the machine running your web browser and the type and version of your web browser.
We use the information that we gather in order to evaluate the website’s usage, content, usability and composition. This statistical analysis allows us to better understand our users’ needs and to generally make your internet experience more enjoyable and to provide a value-added service to you as a visitor. In order to do so, we make use of third-party services called Google Analytics.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service that analyses how you use our website based on cookies (see cookie policy above). Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website.
Be assured that neither Google nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.
Personal Data
The terms “personal data” or “personal information” mean any information about an individual for which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We only collect and process personal data that you voluntarily provide us with when you use our website.
As a visitor, we collect certain types of personal information with regards to the following areas:
Contact or feedback
Newsletter subscription
In the following sections we provide you with details on the points mentioned above. In particular, we want you to know what personal information we gather, for which purpose we use it and for how long we keep it.
Please note that will not share any of your personal information gathered through the use of our website with any third-party other than as provided in this notice.
The provision of your personal data is not a statutory or contractual requirement. You are not obliged to provide us any personal data and it is your choice whether to provide us.
Contact or feedback
When you fill the “Contact Us” form on our website, you provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, country and your message to us. We have a legitimate interest to process any personal data submitted in the form as this information is necessary to process and address your complaint/feedback in the way you expect us to and to respond to your message.
Disclosures of your Personal Data
Any of your personal information gathered through the use of our website will only be shared with selected individuals within our Company who have an operational need to retrieve it. We do not share any of your personal information with any third-party other than as provided in this notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
We may disclose your personal data to third parties to whom disclosure may be required as a result of legal obligations imposed on us.
Links to other Websites
Our site has a number of links to other organizations. In some cases, for the benefit of the visitor, it may be required that we link to websites of other organizations after permission is obtained from them respectively. It is important for you to note that upon entering a linked website, you are no longer on our site and you become subject to the privacy policy of the other site.
Data Security
We have in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have an operational need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
Home |
Photo Gallery |
Information
|
Care
|
Games |
Contact us
Fniek ta' L-Indi |
Articles
|
Links
|
FAQ's |
Guest Book |
Downloads
Sitemap |
Guinea Pig Videos
|
Guinea Pigs Books |
About Malta
Our Partners -
Hamster-Club.com |
Hamster Shop |
TheHamsterBook.com |
TheHorrorMoviesBlog.com
Copyright © Guinea Pigs Club.
All rights reserved.
Download Flash Player |
Download Adobe PDF Reader
About Malta