https://gwbc.ca/privacy-policy
Menu
Our Beers
Our Story
Awards
Careers
Contact
Shop
Home
Our Beers
Our Story
Awards
Careers
Contact
Shop
Privacy Policy
1. General Principles
Great Western Brewing Company (GWBC) is committed to preserving and safeguarding your right to privacy. GWBC voluntarily adheres to the Canadian Standards Association Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information. This Consumer Privacy Policy (the "Policy") sets out the manner in which GWBC collects, uses, discloses and otherwise manages your personal information. You agree that GWBC may, in its sole discretion, modify the Policy at any time with or without notice to you. The revised Policy shall be posted on the GWBC website located at https://gwbc.ca (individually and collectively, the "Website"). You should review the Policy on a regular basis for any such changes. You agree that your continued use of the Website after the revised Policy has been posted constitutes your consent to such revised Policy. The Website may contain links to other non GWBC websites. GWBC is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites.
2. Information We Collect
Website. GWBC may collect information about you when you register to become a member of the Website. In addition, GWBC keeps a record of the email addresses of those who communicate with us via the Contact tool. GWBC also collects both aggregate and user-specific information on what web pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and contest application information.
Complaints. GWBC may collect information about you if you contact GWBC with a consumer complaint or request. The information collected may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, date of birth and facts regarding the complaint or request.
Marketing Research. In addition, GWBC may collect information about you if you participate in any GWBC marketing research. The information collected may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, gender, income and facts regarding your consumer habits and preferences.
Contests and Promotions. Lastly, GWBC may collect information about you if you participate in any GWBC contest or promotion. The information collected may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, and facts relevant to the contest or promotion participation.
3. Use of Personal Information
GWBC uses your personal information for one or more of the following purposes: (1) identify who you are; (2) improve the content of the Website; (3) personalize the content or layout of the Website for consumers; (4) notify consumers of updates to the Website; (5) contact consumers for marketing purposes; (6) improve its products and services; (7) process your consumer complaint or request.
4. Use of Cookies
Cookies are simple text files that web browsers place on computer hard drives when sites are visited. Cookies cannot damage files, nor can they read information from a user's hard drive. GWBC uses cookies to help measure the number of visits, average time spent, page views and other statistics relating to use of our Website. Our Cookies pose no security risk to you as they contain no personal information, only a special string that tells the service that you are a past user of the Website. No personal information is stored within the Cookies. Please note that certain features on the Website may not function if you do not accept Cookies. Therefore, please accept any Cookies that GWBC sends to your computer. You can turn off the Cookie warning by selecting preferences or options from your browser's menu, and turning off the warning toggle.
5. Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as set out below, GWBC will not sell, transfer or disclose any of your personal information to any third party without your consent.
Certain personal information may be disclosed to third parties solely for the purpose of processing your complaint or request. GWBC may also disclose your personal information to third parties who administer contests, promotions and online activities on its behalf. In addition, GWBC must provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid enquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by law.
6. Security Safeguards
GWBC understands the importance of protecting your personal information and uses the latest Internet security protocols to protect personal information collected through the Website. However, you should be aware that the Internet is not a secured medium. Therefore, GWBC does not represent or warrant the complete security of the personal information provided by you to GWBC through the Website. You understand that you are providing such information to GWBC at your own risk.
7. How to Contact GWBC
If you do not want to receive email from GWBC, please go to the "contact us" link on the Website and send an email with "unsubscribe" in the subject line. If you would like to review or update the personal information in your customer record or withdraw your consent for the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, or if you have any inquiries, please contact:
Great Western Brewing Company
519 2nd Avenue N
Saskatoon, Saskatchewan
Canada S7K 2C6
1.800.764.4492
Phone: 306.653.4653
Fax: 306.653.2166
Terms of Use
By entering and using [www.greatwesternbeer.com] (the “Site”) you agree to and are bound by the terms and conditions set out below. GWBC may revise these terms and conditions at any time – so check here periodically to note any changes.
1. Legal Drinking Age
GWBC maintains this Site for people of legal drinking age…so don’t enter and use this Site if you’re not of legal drinking age in the province, state, territory or country in which you reside.
2. User Generated Content
You agree to post content on this Site in compliance with these terms and conditions. Upon posting content on this Site, you grant GWBC and its successors and assigns a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual right and licence under your copyright to use, adapt, publish, distribute, translate, reproduce and create works derived from or based upon such material in any and all media, without any duty to account to you. In addition, you irrevocably waive all of your moral rights as author in respect of such information, however arising. You shall not post content that includes or contains: (1) non-public information about companies without the proper authorization to do so; (2) false information about yourself or others; or (3) a virus, trojan horse, worm, or other harmful or disruptive component.
3. Content Guidelines
You agree that the content you post, submit, store, transmit, download, upload or distribute on this Site:
Is NOT threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, or legally objectionable;
Does NOT constitute, encourage or condone:
a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability;
any form of violence, hatred or harassment;
any form of discrimination on any ground covered by federal, provincial and territorial human rights legislation in Canada, such as religion, race, colour, sexual orientation, disability, etc.;
Does NOT contravene any applicable law, regulation, policy, guidelines or industry standard, as determined by GWBC;
Does NOT communicate, depict or encourage:
Immoderate or irresponsible consumption of alcohol;
Consumption of alcohol by individuals who appear to be under legal drinking age;
An association between consumption of alcohol and any skilled or dangerous activity;
Consumption of alcohol in general;
Does NOT involve the unauthorized use of information, software, music, trademarks, photographic images, personality rights or other material protected by copyright, or other intellectual property right, without the permission of the copyright owner or the holder of the intellectual property right.
4. Monitoring
At any time and without notice, GWBC may screen, disallow, review, edit or remove any content posted by you that appears to violate these terms and conditions. GWBC has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any content on this Site to determine compliance with these terms and conditions and other GWBC policies and to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, policy, guidelines or industry standard or authorized government request. GWBC does not endorse any content submitted by you or by others. You agree not to rely on any content as being screened, reviewed, monitored or approved by GWBC.
5. Access
You shall use this Site for lawful purposes only. GWBC has the right to deny any person access to this Site or any portion thereof without notice. GWBC has the right to immediately terminate your access to this Site where your conduct is unacceptable, as determined by GWBC in its sole discretion, or where you have breached any of these terms and conditions or any other policy on this Site. GWBC has the right to change or discontinue any aspect or feature of this Site, including, but not limited to, content, hours of availability, and equipment needed for access or use.
6. Copyright and Other Intellectual Property
The trademarks and logos on this Site are registered and unregistered trademarks of GWBC or are used under licence from, or with the consent of, the respective trademark owner. The display of trademarks or trade names on this Site does not convey or create any licence or other rights in these marks or names and their use without the written consent of GWBC or the respective trademark owner is strictly prohibited.
7. Limited Licence
GWBC grants to you a strictly limited licence to display on your computer, print, download and use a single copy of the underlying HTML, text, audio clips, video clips and other content on this Site, for non-commercial (personal or educational) purposes only, provided that: (1) you do not modify any such content; and (2) you include with and display on each copy of such content the associated copyright notice and this limited license. No other use is permitted. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you may not: (1) make any commercial use of such content; (2) include such content in or with any product that you create or distribute; (3) copy such content onto your or any other person's website; or (4) distribute such content to anyone whatsoever. Notwithstanding the above, nothing contained in this licence shall be construed as conferring any right under any copyright of GWBC or any other person who owns the copyright in content provided on this Site.
8. Use At Your Own Risk (Indemnification)
By entering and using this Site you agree that you do so at your own risk. You submit and post content, including personal information about yourself and others, at your own risk. You rely on content posted by others at your own risk. GWBC does not warrant the quality, accuracy or completeness of any claims, statements or information on this Site. GWBC makes no representations about the suitability of any information or products contained or offered on this Site for any purpose. All information is provided “as is” without warranty or condition of any kind. This Site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. GWBC reserves the right to make changes to this Site at any time. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless GWBC, its affiliates and partners and each of their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, and any other parties involved in creating, producing, delivering, or monitoring this Site, from and against all claims and expenses and from any liabilities or damages whatsoever, including any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or special damages, or any other losses, costs or expenses of any kind (including legal fees, expert fees, or other disbursements) which may arise, directly or indirectly, regardless of whether or not such liability or damages arise in contract, tort, negligence, equity, statutorily, or otherwise, in connection with access to or use of this Site or in the delay or inability to use this Site, or in connection with any content, information, data, promotions, activities, products or services associated with this Site, or in connection with your downloading of any materials, text, data, images, video or audio from this Site, or in any connection otherwise, including but not limited to anything caused by any transmission defects, viruses, bugs, human action or inaction of any computer system, phone line, hardware, software or program malfunctions, or any other errors, failures or delays in computer transmissions or network connections, even if there is a fundamental breach or if GWBC has been advised of the possibility of liability or damages.
9. Links to Third Party Sites
This Site may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than GWBC. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. GWBC does not control such websites and is not responsible for their content. No endorsement of any third party products or services is expressed or implied by any information, material or content referred to or included on, or linked from or to this Site. Your access and use of such third party websites, including information, material, products and services therein, are solely at your own risk. GWBC’s Privacy Policy is applicable only with respect to this Site. You agree to review the privacy policy of any third party website before disclosing your personal information on that website.
10. Governing Law
This site is created and controlled by GWBC. The laws of Canada applicable therein shall govern the content on this Site including these disclaimers and terms and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Contact Us
519 2nd Avenue N
Saskatoon, Saskatchewan
Canada S7K 2C6
1.800.764.4492
T 306.653.4653
© 2020 GWBC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy