http://gwrra.org/privacy.html
Loading
Home | Join | Advertise | Contact | Site Map
GWRRA
About GWRRA|
Membership|
Live Chat|
Benefits|
Pin & Patch|
Map|
Downloads|
Volunteers|
FAQ
Programs
Find-A-Friend|
Honda Dealer|
Business Members |
Rider Education|
LTP|
MEP|
GWRRA University|
Recent News
GWRRA E-Newsletter|
Insight Newsletter|
Wing Ding News|
Industry News|
RSS Feeds|
Travel Information
Road Riders Rescue|
Camping|
Travel Logs|
Gold Book|
Trip Planning |
State Laws|
Weather|
Maps
Members
Join/Renew|
Road Riders Rescue|
Map|
Products|
Wing World Magazine|
Message Board|
Motorcycle Repair Shops|
Hall of Honor/Fame|
Benefits|
Downloads|
Charities
Non-Members
Free Trial|
Join|
Road Riders Rescue|
About GWRRA|
Specials|
Map|
Magazine Subscription|
FAQ|
Events|
Chapters|
Testimonials
Events
Upcoming Events|
Wing Ding|
Wing Ding Sponsors|
40 to Phoenix|
Wing Ding Locations|
How to Plan Events|
Officers
Officer Resources |
Officers Connection|
National Officers|
Downloads|
International|
Rider Education|
LTP|
MEP|
IRS|
OCP |
Insight Newsletter|
Press Releases|
Programs
Trikes
Manufacturers|
Safety|
GWRRA Store
This privacy statement applies to all web sites owned and operated by GWRRA.
GWRRA is committed to protecting your right to privacy when visiting our web sites.
We recognize that when you share your personal information with us, you expect us to treat that information in a serious and responsible manner. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we use that information, and how you can correct or change that information. Names and addresses, including e-mail addresses, on this Web site cannot be used by third parties without the authorization of GWRRA.
SECURITY:
GWRRA's sites have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, including without limitation protecting information behind a firewall, encrypting your ordering information so that it cannot be read by a third party during transmission, and providing a secured intranet barrier between our servers and the Internet.
REGISTRATION AND ORDER FORMS:
If you choose to register with GWRRA or to place an order with us, we may ask that you provide us with contact information (name and email address), financial information (account or credit card numbers), demographic information (zip code, age, or income level), and unique identifiers (tax ID number). We may use your contact information to send you information about us and to contact you when necessary. If you do not want to receive any mailings from us, please see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information is used only to bill you for products and to check your qualifications for registration. Demographic information may be used to tailor your experience at our sites, showing you information that we think you might be interested in, and presenting information according to your preferences. We may use demographic information to develop summary - but not individual - reports for our advertisers so that they may determine how effective their advertising investments are. We never tell our advertisers who it was that saw or clicked on their advertisements, unless you have specifically told us that this is acceptable. In addition, our sales and marketing departments may also use demographic information to measure interest in our products. We may use unique identifiers to verify our resellers and customers and to allow customers to identify
themselves to us.
SURVEYS AND CONTESTS:
GWRRA may invite you to participate in online surveys or contests. Participation is never required. If you choose to participate, you may be asked to disclose contact and demographic information. We may use this information to send you information about our company, contact you when necessary, tailor your experience at our site, and display information according to your preferences. If you do not want to receive
any mailings from us, please see the choice/opt-out section below. This demographic information may also be used by our sales and marketing departments to measure interest in our products and may be shared with our advertisers on a summary, not individual, basis.
MOBILE TEXT ALERTS:
All keywords are
indentified by 555-888. Messages may contain Members and Non-Members messages.
No purchase is necessary, but standard text message rates may apply. Check with
your mobile phone carrier for details. GWRRA Keywords
will be announced on the website and/or in an email or texted to Members and Non-Members
who opt in to receive text messages from GWRRA.
Members and Non-Members can opt out at
any time by texting “stop” to 555-888. Please note: By default when you text "Stop" you will be withdrawn from all keywords.To opt in again you must text the "keyword" to 555-888 again, if you wish. There is no limit to the amount of times you can opt in or out. for up to
date news from GWRRA / WingDing / WingWorld. Read WingDing contests, giveaways,
discounts and much more with GWRRA keywords, which can change regularly.
We
are not responsible for any factor affecting the availability or performance of
the text messaging service or your carrier services. We may
cancel or modify the keywords to provide an alternate if necessary. Contest eligibility
requirements: In case of a dispute, GWRRA decisions are final. We may
disqualify ineligible entrants or those who tamper with the entry process.
PUBLIC FORUMS:
GWRRA's sites may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to you. Because any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, you should exercise caution when deciding whether to disclose your personal information.
The guideline for posting any information, comments, opinions or topics is "Family Values". If a message or wording of a message is not suitable for discussion at the family table, it is not suitable for posting to the GWRRA Web Site and will be removed at the option of GWRRA. Continued or ongoing abuse of the Family Values guideline may result in the blocking of your username and password from further postings to the GWRRA Web Site.
INFORMATION REQUESTS:
You may be able to request information on our sites regarding our products and services, including technical support and customer service, by using online forms. We ask that you provide certain contact information to allow us to fulfill your request and to send you information about GWRRA's products and services. If you do not want to receive any mailings from us, please see the choice/opt-out section below.
CHILDREN'S GUIDELINES:
Although GWRRA's sites are not geared towards children, GWRRA nonetheless attempts to protect children. GWRRA must, however, rely on the information provided to us by visitors to our sites. As a result, it is impossible for us to guarantee with absolute certainty that the information collected and utilized by GWRRA is not derived from a child. The following sets forth GWRRA's policy with respect to the collection and/or use of children's information:
We do not collect children's contact information without prior parental consent, which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Without prior parental consent, online information will only be used to respond directly to the child's request and for no other purpose. We do not collect children's personally identifiable offline contact information
without prior parental consent. We do not distribute children's personal information to any third party without prior parental consent. We do not provide the ability to publicly post or otherwise transmit information that could be used to identify a child without prior parental consent. We do not entice children by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity.
IP ADDRESSES:
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, administer our sites, and gather broad demographic information to measure general interest in our products and to share with our advertisers on a summary, not individual, basis.
COOKIES:
Our Web servers may place small bits of text or "cookies" onto your computer's hard drive. Cookies enable us to deliver content specific to your interests and keep track of your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our sites.
SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION:
We may supplement the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties. For example, GWRRA may use information that we purchase from a database marketing information firm to enhance our understanding of the information that you provide.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES:
GWRRA's sites contain links to other sites. GWRRA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Choice/Opt-Out:
Our sites provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at any point where we request information. If you do not want to receive future communications from us, please either go back to the site from which you no longer wish to receive such communications or contact us by sending an email to memberservices@gwrra.org.
CORRECT/UPDATE:
If you want to change or modify information you have previously provided to us, please either go back to the site where you provided such information or contact us by sending an email to memberservices@gwrra.org.
CONTACTING THE WEB SITE:
If you have any questions about GWRRA's privacy statement or the privacy practices of our sites, please contact us by sending an email to memberservices@gwrra.org.
© Copyright 2010-2017 GWRRA, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy
21423 North 11th Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85027 | 800.843.9460 - 623.581.2500 (Phoenix)
GPS: 33.681200, -112.086501
Web Services by Web Designer Phoenix