http://happytailspoodles.com/privacy-policy.php
Home
Our Poodles
Poodle Puppies
Cockapoo Puppies
Available Puppies
Past Puppy Gallery
Dog Boarding
Dog Grooming
Directions
Contact Us
Visit Us on Facebook
Arndt's Happy Tails Poodles now offers a full range of
quality pet products including: Dog Toys, Dog Beds,
Puppy Specialty Items, Designer Dog Carriers and Dog
Kennels.
Call today for more
info!
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Arndt's Happy Tails Poodles. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to answer your questions, etc..
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline to the best of our ability.
We do not collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), All credit card orders are collected through PayPal and is governed by paypal’s policies.
Cookies and other technologies we use
We use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyse customer behaviour, administer the website, track users’ movements, and to collect information about users. This is done in order to personalise and enhance your experience with us.
A cookie is a tiny text file stored on your computer. Cookies store information that is used to help make sites work. Only we can access the cookies created by our website. You can control your cookies at the browser level. Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Necessary cookies – these cookies are required for you to be able to use some important features on our website, such as logging in. These cookies don’t collect any personal information.
Functionality cookies – these cookies provide functionality that makes using our service more convenient and makes providing more personalised features possible. For example, they might remember your name and e-mail in comment forms so you don’t have to re-enter this information next time when commenting.
Analytics cookies – these cookies are used to track the use and performance of our website and services
Advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are relevant to you and to your interests. In addition, they are used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. They are usually placed to the website by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. These cookies remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
You can remove cookies stored in your computer via your browser settings. Alternatively, you can control some 3rd party cookies by using a privacy enhancement platform such as optout.aboutads.info or youronlinechoices.com. For more information about cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Contact Information
If you wish for us to no longer contact you and remove your information and email address from our records, or feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (717) 438-3682 or via email at happytails17062@yahoo.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy.
Last modification was made 5/8/18
Back to Top
Privacy Policy
Home | Our Poodles | Poodle Puppies | Cockapoo Puppies | Available Puppies | Past Puppy Gallery | Dog Boarding | Dog Grooming | Directions | Contact Us
Website,
all
content, & pictures Copyright ©
HappyTailsPoodles.com
All rights reserved.
Designed by Gerlinda.com