https://hartbrothers.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Our Whiskies
Whisky Regions
Our Archives
Our Story
Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 2018
1/ Campbell Meyer & Company Limited is a Scottish Limited Company (Sc 131744) and references to CMC (or we, us and our) in this Policy are references to Campbell Meyer & Company Limited and its associated companies whether referenced on the CMC Website or not. CMC is registered with the Information Commissioner under the ICO Registration Number ZA199246.
2/ CMC is committed to safeguarding the privacy of visitors to its Website, of individuals with whom CMC does business and any other individual whose information is collected or acquired by CMC.  Kindly read this Policy to understand how CMC collect, acquire and use information and the rights you have in relation to your information.
The Policy was published in May 2018 and may be varied from time to time so you should check it regularly. CMC will advise of any major changes on its Website.
CMC is the data controller of any information provided via the Website and other data including Personal Data (Personal Data is defined in the General Data Protection Regulations and simply stated is information about you which can be used alone, or combined with other information, to identify you personally.)
CMC may be contacted at office@campbellmeyer.com.
Personal Data relating to you is referred to in this Notice as your information, personal information and various cognate forms of words.
3/ You are not required to provide any personal information on the public areas of the Website, however, you may choose to do so by completing the contact us form.
CMC may also obtain personal information from your IP address, operating system and web browser that you use to access the Website. Please see section 7 and section 8 below for more details about this. You may also provide us with personal information if you contact CMC by email, telephone or letter or apply for employment or become an employee.
4/ CMC will only collect and use the information you provide when it is necessary for the legitimate interests of CMC in connection with its business and the operation of the Website, and may use it to:
perform administrative or operational processes within the business of CMC;
process and respond to requests, enquiries or complaints received from you;
to provide products and services requested by you;
to identify and communicate products and services you may be interested in;
to invite you to events;
monitor and analyse our business;
to identify, develop or improve our services and/or products that may be of interest to you and to carry out market research;
send you marketing.
More details about how CMC use your information for marketing purposes are set out in section 5.
5/ CMC may ask whether you wish to receive marketing from us. CMC will not send you marketing if you ask CMC not to. If you have agreed to receive marketing but then later change your mind and no longer wish to receive marketing, please let CMC know so you can be removed from distribution lists. You can contact CMC at office@campbellmeyer.com
6/ You should be aware that CMC may on occasion require to share your information with companies associated with CMC and with third parties who provide services on behalf of CMC. However, CMC will take steps to ensure that all such companies and parties keep Personal Information confidential and secure and only use it for the purposes that CMC have specified and have disclosed to you. CMC will only disclose your information to other third parties if you have given your consent or where CMC are required to do so by law, or the authorities or where it is necessary for the purpose of, or in connection with legal proceedings or in order to exercise or defend legal rights.
7/ CMC does not presently employ cookies on the Website and if cookies are introduced a cookies policy will be published.
8/ When you visit the Website the CMC server will record your IP address together with the date, time and duration of your visit; recording your IP address enables CMC to identify which individuals or organisations have visited the website. CMC use this information to compile statistical data on the use of the Website and to track how users navigate through the Website in order to enable CMC to evaluate and improve the Website.
9/ CMC use up-to-date data storage and security techniques to protect Personal Data from unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification or unlawful destruction or accidental loss. All CMC’s employees, and any third parties we engage to process your personal information, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your information. CMC remind you that the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and although CMC will try its best to protect your information, CMC cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted through the internet; any transmission is at your own risk.
10/ It is the policy of CMC to retain your personal information for no more than the length of time required for the specific purpose or purposes for which it was collected, which are set out in this Privacy Policy. However, on occasion CMC may be obliged to store some data for a longer time, for example, where a longer time period is required by applicable laws.
11/ You are entitled to apply for a copy of the information CMC hold about you (for which CMC may be entitled to charge a small administration fee). You can make a request by writing to CMC using the contact details in section 11. CMC may require evidence from you in order to verify your identity before disclosing any personal information to you. You also have the right to have any inaccurate information about you corrected. You may ask CMC to correct or remove any information that you think is no longer up to date. You may also transfer information we hold about you from CMC to another person or business.  If you wish to exercise any of the rights referred to in this section you should use the contact details in section 12.
12/ If you wish to contact CMC as regards any aspect of this Policy, contact them at:
Attention Data Protection Officer
Campbell Meyer & Co. Ltd.
3 Peel Park Place
College Milton Industrial Estate (South)
East Kilbride
G74 5LW
Email : office@campbellmeyer.com
All emails sent to and from CMC may be monitored to ensure compliance with internal policies and to protect the business and reputation of CMC.
13/ You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues ico.org.uk. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Our Whisky Archives
The unique and alluring nature of Single Cask releases means we cannot bring you the same delightful elixirs again and again – once the whisky is gone, it’s gone for good. The expressions live as a fragment of the past, never to be repeated.
We invite you to delve into our whisky archives. Explore past releases and bask in amber nostalgia, accompanied with distillery history and tasting notes from Mr. Hart himself.
The Hart Brothers Archive »
Our Story
Hart Brothers can trace their origins in the licensed trade back to the late 19th century when the family were licensed victuallers and publicans in Paisley, the mill town on the outskirts of Glasgow. It was not until 1964 that brothers Iain & Donald Hart incorporated the company as Wine & Spirit Wholesalers and Scotch Whisky Blenders.
Alistair Hart joined the company in 1975 and it was his responsibility as chief blender to source vintage casks of single malt whisky that were not readily available through any specialist whisky shop or online whisky site. Today, we continue to secure special and rare malt and grain whiskies that are further matured and only selected for single cask bottling after careful tasting and consideration.
We always pride ourselves on continuing the spirit of excellence by offering some of the finest single malt scotch whisky available through our selected distributors overseas.
What is the Spirit of Excellence?
We make sure our customers can best share with us the single malt scotch whisky experience which is why we add nothing to the malt whisky other than the purest water. Today, we pride ourselves on continuing the spirit of excellence by offering some of the finest single malt scotch whisky available through our selected distributors overseas.
Whisky :
Archives :
Links :
Terms & Conditions
:
Privacy Policy
Hart Brothers Limited, 3 Peel Park Place, College Milton, East Kilbride G74 5LW, Scotland
Tel: +44 (0) 1355 247 180 | Fax: +44 (0) 1355 244 615