https://hbd.org/privacy-policy-and-legal-stuff/
Skip to content
Your Privacy
Home Brew Digest, Inc. shares none of your personal information with anyone for any purpose. By participating in the features of the Home Brew Digest, Inc. (the HBD), you are explicitly sharing whatever information is exposed via your mode of participation with the public at large, whether that mode allows you a choice or not.
Some of the features of the HBD allow you to select what is exposed via your registered user profile. It is the user’s responsibility to familiarize themselves with these profile control systems and choose what will be shown to other viewers, both registered users and visitors.
Copyrights
Copyright to any intellectual property published on the HBD site is held jointly by the Home Brew Digest, Inc. and by the originator of said material. Permission to reproduce is granted to any non-commercial entity in the United States of America without charge. Commercial (for profit) enterprises and anyone outside the US should contact the site administrator to obtain permission to reproduce.
Hold Harmless
By using features of the HBD, you are agreeing to hold the HBD, it’s moderators, administrators, officers, and the HBD board harmless in any and all damages resulting from the exposure of said information. You may request to have specific information removed or edited; however, it is not always possible to do so, and the HBD is under no obligation to do so.
The HBD is not responsible for the content of any posting or publication on any HBD feature. If notified of any violation of law (copyright violation/plagiarism, libel/slander, etc.) with evidence supporting said claim, the HBD will make every reasonable effort to remove said information from the public view. However, the HBD will be held harmless in any resulting legal actions resulting from the material, or for any losses incurred due to such material.
Site FeaturesBrews And Views Forum
The Recipator
HBD Archives (HTML)
Hosted Clubs
HBD Finances
Privacy Policy and Legal Stuff
ClubsF.O.R.D. Homebrew Club
MBAS Homebrew Club
NRVBG Homebrew Guild
Recent Posts
Pesky Spammers Cost Everyone
And, in the end…
Recipator Wars: Episode VI – RETURN OF THE FUNCTIONALITY
Recipator Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope…
Back at it…
Recent CommentsForrest Duddles on And, in the end…Robin on And, in the end…Kevin Cummings on And, in the end…DAVID D PEARSON on Recipator and Brews And ViewsJason Pavento on And, in the end…Archives
September 2020
May 2020
February 2019
December 2018
May 2018
December 2017
October 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
Categories
Announcements
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Search for:
Support The HBD The Home Brew Digest, Inc.
is a 501(c)3 Charity in the US. All donations to the HBD are tax deductible to the full extent allowed by law. Donations can be made via PayPal to serverfund at hbd.org, via the form below, or via mail to:
HBD Server Fund
2478 Cabot St.Canton, MI 48188
Note that we are also registered with Smile.Amazon.com, the PayPal Giving Fund, and many other commercial giving organizations. And, unlike other charities, every penny goes to continuing the HBD's educational mission; not one dime is spent on salaries, boondoggles, luxuries, or the like.
HBD Server FundDonate - $25Donate - $30Donate - $40Donate - $50Donate - $100Other Amount:Add a note to The Janitor (Optional):
Advertisement