http://herveybaywhalewatch.com.au/privacy-policy
CALL US
BOOK NOW
Day tours
Charters & Events
- New Years Quick Cat Trivia Cruise
- New Years Eve 18+ Boat Party Cruise
- New Year Sunday Sesh
Private Charter
Whales
Half Day Whale Watch
Whales & Lunch at Fraser Island
Whales & Fraser Island Trails
Swim with the Whales
COVID-19
Visit Kingfisher Bay Resort
About Us
Gallery
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
A brief overview
Summary of the Privacy Policy
This is a summary of (and not a substitute for) the full privacy policy.
This website collects the following types of information:
personal
sharing
On this website:
We collect a range of personal information from you. We do not disclose your information to others, except where required by law. We encrypt the information that we collect for the highest level of protection.
Note If you wish, you can contact the person responsible for privacy on this Web site. Contact Us
Where personal information is collected:
It is only held while you are a customer, or for any extra period required by law.
You are able to amend or delete your personal information held by the site. Contact Us
The detailed legal language
Privacy policy
About this policy
Purpose
The purpose of this privacy policy is to communicate clearly the personal information handling practices we follow when we collect and deal with your personal information, including how you can contact us if you wish to correct or access personal information we hold about you.
Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)
As a small business, we are exempted from the operation of the Privacy Act. However, protection of your personal information that we collect is very important to us. This policy sets out how we handle any personal information we collect or receive about you.
The Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) can be viewed at http://www.austlii.edu.au/au/legis/cth/consol_act/pa1988108/
Our personal information handling practices
What is personal information?
We use the definition of personal information contained in s 6(1) of the Privacy Act. It states that personal information is 'information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database), whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion'.
Collection of personal information
We try to collect personal information directly from the individual. We only collect personal information for purposes which are directly related to our activities and only when it is necessary for or directly related to such purposes. These purposes include:
To provide you with information you have enquired about
To provide you with goods you have purchased
To provide you with services you have purchased
When you ask to be on an email or mailing list so that we can send you information about our activities and/or publications
When you send us information about an event you are organising for us to publicise on our website
For normal communication processes when we might email you, text you or phone you
Browsing
When you only browse the website, we do not collect your personal information. When you look at our website, Your web browser automatically sends us (and we may retain) information such as the following information for statistical purposes:
Your server address
Your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .org, .au, etc)
The pages you accessed and documents downloaded
The date and time of your visit to our site
Whether you have visited our site before
The previous site you visited, and
The type of browser being used. We do not identify you or your browsing activities except, in the event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the internet service provider's server logs.
Cookies
Our website may use cookies. You may choose to disable cookies in your browser but this may affect your use of the site in some areas.
Remarketing
We may use Google AdWords Remarketing and/or Facebook Remarketing to advertise across the Internet, in particular on the Google Display Network and Facebook Network. AdWords and Facebook remarketing will display ads to you based on what parts of the website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your web browser.
This cookie does not in any way identify you or give access to your computer or mobile device.
The cookie is used to indicate to other websites that  “This person visited a particular page, so show them ads relating to that page.” Google AdWords Remarketing and Facebook Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you based on your past browsing habits. If you do not wish to see ads from us you can opt out in several ways:
Opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.
Opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Use and disclosure of your personal information
We do not disclose your information to third parties.
Data quality
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate, up to date and complete. These steps include maintaining and updating personal information when we are advised by you that your personal information has changed.
Data security
We take steps to protect the personal information we hold against loss, unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure and against other misuse. These steps include password protection for electronic files, securing paper files in locked cabinets and physical access restrictions.
If you choose to join our email lists, complete online forms or lodge enquiries, your contact details are stored on password-protected databases.
Deletion of data and unsubscribing
When you cease to be a member of our website, we will destroy your personal information in a secure manner or delete it. If you have not purchased goods, services or visited our website for six months we will delete your information. You can request that your personal information be deleted at any time.
You may also request us to delete any personal information we hold about you by emailing our contact person whose details are below. You may choose to opt out of further contact from us by sending us an email containing the word “unsubscribe” in the title of the email.
Access and correction
If you wish to request access to the personal information we hold about you, or request that we change that personal information, we will allow access or make the changes unless we consider that there is a sound reason to withhold the information under relevant law such as the Privacy Act, Freedom of Information Act 1982 (Cth) (FOI Act) or other relevant information.
You can obtain further information about how to request access or changes to the information we hold about you by contacting us (see details below).
How to contact us
You can obtain further information in relation to this privacy policy, ask questions about it or provide any comments, by contacting us
{{ item.node.title }}
{{ item.content.extract }}
View Tour
BOOK ONLINE
BOOK NOW
Load More
Charters & Events
- New Years Quick Cat Trivia Cruise
- New Years Eve 18+ Boat Party Cruise
- New Year Sunday Sesh
Private Charter
Whales
Half Day Whale Watch
Whales & Lunch at Fraser Island
Whales & Fraser Island Trails
Swim with the Whales