https://hesstoytruck.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
lock
Login
/
Register
Our Fleet
Holiday Toys
The Minis
Surprise Releases
Add To Cart
Hesstory
News
Add To Cart
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Hess Corporation (“Hess”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This policy statement (“Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use and disclose the personal information you may provide while using the Hess Toy Truck website, related mobile applications, and other online marketing initiatives (“Online Services”). It is always your choice whether to provide personal information through the website. We do not sell your personal information to any third parties, however, in some instances, you will need to provide, and we will need to share personal information in order to utilize the functionality of the Online Services, such as in connection with an online purchase. Any personal information you provide will be treated with care, and subject to this Privacy Policy, will not be used or disclosed in ways to which you have not consented. Also, you may opt-out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information, as explained in this Privacy Policy.
YOUR CONSENT
Use of the Online Services: By using the Online Services, you signify your agreement to the Terms and Conditions located at https://hesstoytruck.com/terms-and-conditions and you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED
Automatically Collected Information: Like many other e-commerce websites, the Online Services automatically collect certain information regarding users, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, the IP address of your Internet Service Provider, the date and time you access the Online Services, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Online Services, the operating system you are using, the sections of the Online Services you visit, the Online Services pages read and images viewed and the content you download from the Online Services (“Automatically Collected Information”) . This Automatically Collected Information is: (i) used for Online Services and system administration purposes and to improve the Online Services and (ii) may be disclosed to others described in the chart in paragraph 5 below and, archived for use in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
Cookies: The Online Services uses cookies, a technology that installs a small amount of information on a user’s computer or mobile device to permit the Online Services to recognize future visits using that computer or mobile device. Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the Online Services. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the Online Services, so you do not have to enter your personal information every time you make a purchase. You may choose to decline cookies buy using the Manage Website Data Collection Preferences function presented when you visit the website. The use of cookies by any of our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers is not covered by our Privacy Policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies.
Tracking Information: We may use Automatically Collected Information to create aggregate tracking information reports regarding the user demographics, traffic patterns and purchases, and then provide those reports to advertisers and others. None of the aggregated tracking information in the reports can be connected to the identities or other personal information of individual users. Hess also may link tracking information with personal information voluntarily provided by users for our internal use to improve the Online Service and to provide you with our marketing communications.
PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU SPECIFICALLY PROVIDE
Your Personal Information: As well as the Automatically Collected Information described above, Hess collects personal information that users choose to submit through the Online Services, which may include your name, password, email address, postal address, telephone number and credit/debit card information. It is always your choice whether to provide personal information, however, without providing certain requested information, you may not be able to utilize all of the functionality of the Online Services necessary to complete an ecommerce transaction.
Use of Your Personal Information: We may use your personal information to contact and correspond with you, to respond to your inquiries, to process transactions and payments in connection with the Online Services and to facilitate and enhance your use of the Online Services.
Emails from us: From time to time, we may send email, or other communications containing information about us. If you make a purchase at www.hesstoytruck.com, you are automatically subscribed to marketing emails, however you may unsubscribe at any time. However, you may not opt out of administrative emails (such as emails about your transactions or policy changes). We respect your privacy and do not sell the customer email list to any third party. Also, each email sent by us will tell you how to decline further emails. We may also send you text messages containing information about us if you subscribe to text messaging alerts. You may unsubscribe form text messaging alerts at any time.
Children’s Online Policy: We are committed to the preservation of online privacy for all of our visitors, including children. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. We sell products enjoyed by people of all ages, but intended for purchase by adults. If you are a child under the age of 13, you may use the Online Services with assistance of a parent or legal guardian, but may not make any purchases or provide us with personal information. If you make a purchase through the Online Services or provide us with personal information, you are representing that you are an adult. If Hess learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online in contravention of these measures, it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personally identifiable information we have collected from children under 13, please contact us at help@hesstoytruck.com or by calling 1-844-HESSTOY.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information:     WE DO NOT SELL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES. We may share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
(i) Disclosure to Service Providers: In order to process transactions, we must disclose some of your personal information to certain service providers, such as your credit card issuer, a third-party credit verification company, the product handler, and the delivery service. Before personal information is disclosed, the service provider will agree with us to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you do not wish us to provide your personal information to those service providers, you may not use the Online Services for transactions. We also provide some of your personal information including your email and IP address to certain service providers to provide you with our marketing communications.
(ii) Law Enforcement and Legal Disclosure: We may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information or where we has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information, or to our legal counsel.
(iii) Disclosure to Other Parts of our Business: Personal information collected by any part or department of Hess’ business will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and may be shared with other parts, departments or affiliates of Hess’ business for use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
(iv) In Connection with Business Transfers: In the event that a store, division or part or all of Hess or Hess business entities is bought, sold or otherwise transferred, or is in the process of a potential transaction, customer information will likely be shared for evaluation purposes and included among the transferred business assets.
Your Personal Information: Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information, entitlement to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and the ability to have it amended as is appropriate. Once you have placed an order, you can review and change your personal information by accessing your account. You should promptly update your personal information if it changes or becomes inaccurate. We may retain some information from closed accounts so that we can comply with law, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyze or troubleshoot programs, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law. If your account or membership is terminated or suspended, we may maintain some information to prevent re-registration.
Under the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018, California Residents have the right to: know what personal information is being collected about them, how their personal information is collected, the categories of third parties with whom their personal information is shared and/or sold, access to their personal information, opt-out of the sale of their personal information, request the deletion of their personal information, and not to be discriminated against for exercising their CCPA rights. To exercise any of these rights, please click to access the submission form here, email help@hesstoytruck.com with the subject line “CCPA Request”, call 844-HESSTOY, or message us on Facebook @HessToyTruck. Make sure to specify which of these rights are you are seeking to exercise. We will require you to verify your identity.
OTHER MATTERS
Security of Personal Information: The security of your personal information is extremely important to us. Hess uses physical, electronic and administrative safeguards, including firewall and password protection for our databases, designed to protect the security of any information you share with us. When you enter sensitive information, such as a credit card number on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We restrict access to your personal information to employees that need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. However, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
Security Measures: We use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of the personal information submitted to us both during transmission and once we receive it. Hess, however, cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. If you have any questions about security on our Online Services, please contact us.
Links to other Online Services: The Online Services may contain links to other websites or mobile applications. Hess is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other online services. If you have concerns about how other online services collect and use information about you, make sure to read that site’s own privacy policy.
Sharing Information: This Privacy Policy describes how we may share your information. It applies to all customers, including California residents. We share your information with other parts of our business and with our service providers as necessary in accordance with this Policy. You may contact us with any questions, or to request a list of categories of third parties to whom we disclose information for marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose.
Former Users: If you discontinue using the Online Services or your permission to use the Online Services is terminated, we may continue to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time.
Safeguarding Account Information: It is your responsibility to safeguard and keep private your personal account information for the Online Services, including, but not limited to, your username, password, and/or e-mail address associated with the account. It is your responsibility to notify Hess at help@hesstoytruck.com or 1-844-HESSTOY in the event your username and/or password is hacked or stolen so that we can take appropriate measures. In no event shall Hess be responsible for lost or stolen account information or be liable for any charges incurred on the Online Services.
Account Cancellation: We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy. Please contact us if you wish to request that we no longer use your information to provide you services. We will, however, retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Policy Changes: To accommodate changes on the Online Services, changing technology and legal developments, we have the sole discretion to change this Privacy Policy from time to time without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person. New versions of this Privacy Policy will be posted here effective as of the date noted below. Our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information will be governed by the version of this Policy in effect at that time. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Online Services. Accordingly, when you use the Online Services you should check the date of this Privacy Policy and review any changes since the last version.
Hess Corporate Headquarters: 1185 Avenue of the Americas 40th Floor New York, NY 10036
This Privacy Policy was updated on January 1, 2020.
×
Empty Modal