https://hhforcats.org/wordpress/privacy-policy/
About Us
Sign Up for the Latest News
— Main Menu —Home
Adopt
Support & Donate
Volunteer
Events & Fundraisers
Eco-Friendly Building
Cat Resources
Home
Adopt
Support & Donate
Volunteer
Events & Fundraisers
Eco-Friendly Building
Cat Resources
Privacy Policy
Disclosure of Information
Animal Protective Association’s Harmony House for Cats will not share, sell or disclose any nonpublic personal information, except as permitted by law (in order to comply with federal or state laws/regulations, and government or court orders).
Collection, Retention, and Use of Information
Animal Protective Association’s Harmony House for Cats collects nonpublic personal information about you from the forms we receive from you. Animal Protective Association’s Harmony House for Cats will only collect information as we believe is reasonably useful in administering our business and to provide services and other opportunities to adopters, donors and volunteers.
Employee Access to Information and Enforcement
All Animal Protective Association’s Harmony House for Cats employees are educated on the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy. Employees with access to adopter/donor information are required to adhere to the Privacy Policy.
Maintenance of Accurate Information
Animal Protective Association’s Harmony House for Cats will correct known inaccurate information in a timely manner.
Further information regarding the Animal Protective Association’s Harmony House for Cats Privacy Policy, additional inquiries and/or comments should be addressed to info@hhforcats.org or 2914 N. Elston Ave., Chicago, IL 60618.
Adoptions: 2914 N. Elston Ave.
Chicago, IL 60618
Please review requirements prior to visiting.
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 18098
Chicago, IL 60618-0098
Please use our P.O. Box for all donations
and correspondence.
Keep Up to Date Newsletter and Special Event Reminder Emails
Contact Us 773-293-6103
info@hhforcats.org
© Animal Protective Association's Harmony House for CatsAnimal Protective Association's Harmony House for Cats is a 501(c)(3) non-profit.
Privacy Policy
Website byAWGraphics