https://hiddenriverresort.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Hidden River Resort
Florida Naturist Resort
Menu
Welcome!
About HRR
Events and News
Rates and Information
Guidelines for Day Visitors
Facilities and Camping
Pets
Residential Area
Contact
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://hiddenriverresort.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
Comments is disabled
Media
Uploading images is disabled
Contact forms
Cookies
Comments is disabled, so no tracking cookies are attached.
Guest login is disabled
Guest publishing is disabled.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with: nobody
How long we retain your data
Registration and comments are disabled so there is no data to retain.
What rights you have over your data
Comments are disabled so we don’t have your data. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments are disabled.
Your contact information
If you contact us we will retain that information in order to reply to  you.
Additional information
How we protect your data
(There is no data to protect since comments are disabled)
What data breach procedures we have in place
We have firewalls, SSL and other security measures in place.
What third parties we receive data from
We do not receive data from third parties.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
There is no data collected so there is nothing to profile.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
If disclosure is required we will comply with such requirements.
Event Calendar WD
Event Calendar WD plugin optionally embeds Google Maps on front end to display events on the map. Embedded Google Maps behave in the exact same way as if you has visited Google Maps site. Google may collect data about visitors, use cookies and tracking, included your logged-in experience interaction with Google platform. Google Maps are regulated under terms of Google Privacy Policy.10Web Disclaimer: The above text is for informational purposes only and is not a legal advice. You must not rely on it as an alternative to legal advice. You should contact your legal counsel to obtain advice with respect to your particular case.
Features:
Social Center
Community Garden
Par Course
Volleyball
Yoga and other activities
Large Hookup Spaces
Hidden River Resort | Powered by WordPress.