https://hikerwriter.com/hiker-writer/terms-of-service/
A. The following are the terms and conditions for use of Musical Resources, with domain name, www.musicalresources.blogspot.com.
B. The website is owned and maintained by Karen Berger and hosted on Blogspot.
C. By accessing and using the website, you (“the user”), agree to be legally bound by the terms and conditions set out in this notice. If the user does not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, then he / she may not access, display, use, download and/or otherwise copy or distribute any of the content of this website.
1. USER PRIVACY
1.1  The user acknowledges that he / she has read and understood the following privacy clauses.:
a) The user may visit the website without providing any personal information.
b) For Musical Resources to continually assess the popularity and use of the website and improve it for the users, the website server will collect information to measure the number of visits, average time spent at the website, pages viewed, etc.
c) Musical Resources includes a privacy policy to tell how your information is used or may be used.
2.         USER CONDUCT
2.1        No modification of the material or content will be permitted.
2.2        The user agrees that he / she will not use this website for any unlawful purpose.
3. UPDATING OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
3.1 Musical Resources reserves the right to, from time to time and at its own discretion, change, modify, add to or remove from portions or the whole of the terms and conditions. Changes to the terms and conditions will become effective upon such changes being posted to the website.
3.1a The user’s continued use of the website following the posting of changes or updates will be considered notice of the user’s acceptance to abide by and be bound by the terms and conditions, including such changes or updates.
4.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
4.1 The user agrees to access and use this site entirely at your own risk and all content on the website is provided “as is” without any warranty or condition of any kind.
4.2 Musical Resources makes no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied:
a) as to the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness and accuracy of content on the website; the user should not assume that the information on the website is always current or accurate, and other sources of this information should be consulted before making any decision to act on the information displayed on this website.
b) that the functions provided by the website will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that the website or the server is free from viruses or other harmful components.
4.3 The user acknowledges that they will not hold Musical Resources liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from the use of this website regardless of how the damages arise, which damages may include but not limited to:
a) damages for loss of data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the website, including but not limited to claim, demand, or damage, injury caused by any failure of performance or errors, omission, inaccuracy, interpretation, deletion, defect, delay in accessing material or content of the website, viruses, connection failures, theft, alteration of use, attorneys’ fees, or any other action asserted by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on the website;
b) incompleteness of material or content on the website;
c) errors, omissions or inaccuracy of material or content on the website;
d) the delay or inability to use the website or related services;
e) the provision of or failure to provide services or for any information, software,  products, services or related graphics obtained through the website; or
f) any other damages otherwise arising out of the use of the website, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise.
5. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS TO CONTENT
5.1 Musical Resources retains copyright in the website and all current and future content that is displayed on the website which is not owned by third parties.
5.2 The user acknowledges that content, including but not limited to text, graphics or other material contained in either sponsor advertisements or electronically distributed, commercially produced information presented to him / her by the website is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws.
5.3 The user may make a copy of this content for his / her personal, non-commercial use only, provided that he / she keeps all copyright and other proprietary notices intact.
5.4 The user may not, for any commercial purpose without written prior consent of  Freelancing and More, modify, copy, reproduce, duplicate, republish, resell, upload, post, transmit, or distribute in any way content available through the website and its associated web sites.
6. EXTERNAL LINKS
6.1 This website provides links to other websites.
6.2 The fact that we have such links must not be construed as constituting any relationship or endorsement of the linked third party unless otherwise specified, and reliance on all information and content provided by the external links is done so at the user’s own risk.
6.3 Third party advertising and promotional material may be displayed on the site from time to time, and the display of such material should not be construed as Musical Resources endorsing or creating any relationship between Musical Resources and that third party. Reliance on any such promotional or advertising material is entirely at the user’s own risk.
7. AMENDMENTS Freelancing and More reserves the right to make changes and/or terminate access to any part or the entire website and any related service(s) at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, for any reason whatsoever.
8. APPLICABLE LAW
8.1 This website is owned, operated and hosted within the borders of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, as such, these terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of the Massachusetts.
9. ENTIRE AGREEMENT These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement with respect to use of the website and supersede any and all previous agreements, either verbal or written, with respect to the use of this website.
10. CONTACT DETAILS In the event that the user needs to contact Musical Resources related to these terms and conditions, the following contact details may be used: email: KBerger466 at aol dot com.
11. COPYRIGHT NOTICE
All contents of the website are: Copyright 2011+ © Karen Berger. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Contact Karen
foxyform
Hiking, Backpacking, and Outdoor Activities
Search for:
Recent Posts
Mud-Walking in Peru’s Amazon Basin
Alpine Hiking: Skills for Scree and Talus
Thru-hiking Lingo for the Appalachian Trail
Hiking Destinations and Best Trails
Tips for Solo Hikers on Long Trails
Links
KarenBerger.com
BucketTripper.com
Categories
Best Long Trails Series
Appalachian Trail
Asia Long Trails
Continental Divide Trail
European Trails
Blog
Day Hiking and Short Trails
Ecotourism
Equipment
Hiking Health
Altitude Sickness
Hypothermia
Hiking Skills
Alpine Hiking
Desert Hiking
Solo Hiking
Leave No Trace
Long-distance Hiking
Volunteering
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org