https://hmrs.org.uk/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
This website requires cookies to provide all of its features. For more information on what data is contained in the cookies, please see our Privacy Policy page. Continuing to use this website implies that you accept the use of cookies.
Ok
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated 09-09-2018 – replaces previous of 14-05-18
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how the HMRS Website uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website. The HMRS is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The society has a full Data Protection Policy compliant with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). The Policy exists for the guidance of the Trustees and Officers of the society and this website Privacy Policy is the relevant part of that full policy. If any member requires further information about the Society Policy, they should contact the society’s Data Manager by using the contact us page and choosing ‘Data Manager’
The HMRS  may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
The information we collect and its legal basis depends on the purpose for which the website is being used:
What we Collect from Members or Applicants for membership:
Name and title
Contact information consisting of the postal address
Optionally your Railway preferences and interests
Your email address if you communicate with us by email
Telephone Number: we hold this if you give it to us
If you wish to renew membership by Direct Debit we hold the required information and process the debit using it.
The legal base for collecting this information is ‘Consent’ and by ticking the relevant box you are giving us consent to hold this information for the specific purpose of running the membership aspects of the society until you cease to be a member.
What we collect from those purchasing items from the website (including a membership product):
Name and title
Contact information consisting of the postal address and email address
Payment Information such as credit card details but these are not held by us but by our payment provider
The legal base for collecting this information is ‘Contract’ and by ticking the relevant box you are giving us consent to hold this information for the specific purpose of entering a contract with you to supply the goods.
For both categories please also refer to the sections Website Hosting, Emails and Cookies for further details about what personal information the website also collects for the purposes of website maintenance, fault finding and management. The society does not download, analyse or do any processing of any of this information.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service.
For Membership matters:
For sending the membership pack and society information
Internal record and financial management of the society
Maintaining a membership list, of those who have given consent to be on it, for any correspondence with other members.
HMRS is a charity which conserves historical railway information and makes it available for wider use.
For Sales of Products:
Processing and delivering your order
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
HMRS is a charity which conserves historical railway information and makes it available for wider use.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. As a member, your personal details will be stored in an encrypted database only accessible to selected officers for the sole purpose of running the society. Your information may remain on archived copies of each year’s database relevant to any year you were a member, which are held securely.
Web site hosting
The website software and the web hosting service will store the Internet Protocol (IP) address of systems accessing the site. This information is not obtained or stored by the society separately. However also note that our web site hosting company states that they store basic server access logs for debugging, security and service review (not for marketing). They also store website information in a segregated database, to which the society does not have access, in order to perform maintenance and occasional debugging. They may create additional log files for debugging and testing purposes. These will exist for as long as the files are needed and are deleted straight after. They typically do not back up these types of file.
Emails
Our web site records contact form submission and uses these to send emails to our officers for them to be able to handle your message, membership subscription or order. As your order is progressed, or your submission handled, the system may send further emails and record their content. Such emails are not encrypted and are normally kept only for as long as necessary to complete the order or submission handling but there is no defined time after which they will be deleted.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks for permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulations (2016). A fee is not normally required but under some circumstances a fee could be charged. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to
HMRS Museum & Study Centre,
c/o Midland Railway Centre,
Butterley Railway Station,
RIPLEY,
DE5 3QZ United Kingdom.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write, as soon as possible, to the above address or email the Data Manager by selecting them on the pull down menu on the contact us page. We will promptly correct any information declared to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You session ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
©Historical Model Railway Society 1996 - 2020.
Charitable Incorporated Organisation No. 1166144
VAT Registration No. (GB) 231 1977 75
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Trading Terms and Conditions
Website Developed
by GloverSure Ltd.