http://holidaymountain.com/privacy-policy
Home
Ski & Snowboard
Rates 20-21
Gear Guide
Snow School & Ski Club 20-21
Schools & Groups 20-21
Season Passes 20-21
Holiday Village
Lodging
Dining & Cocktail
History
Location
Contact
FacebookTwitterMail
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home » Privacy Policy
Legal Notices and Terms of Use of this Website
Please read these notices in their entirety before using this website.
Your use of the Holiday Mountain website signifies your agreement to the terms of use stated hereafter.
Holiday Mountain herein authorizes you to copy materials or documents (contents) published on its website (website) solely for non-commercial use within your organization. In consideration of this authorization, you agree that any copy of these contents that you make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices in the same form and manner as on the original. No other use of the contents is authorized.
You may not otherwise copy or transmit the contents of this website either electronically or in hard copies unless otherwise stated in specific documents. You may not alter the contents of this website in any manner. Except as specified above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent, trademark, or copyright of Holiday Mountain or any third party.
If you are interested in using the contents of this website in any manner except as described above, contact Holiday Mountain via info@holidaymountain.com for information on usage and licensing. This website is not a secure medium for communication. Any confidential, proprietary or sensitive information transmitted by a user by means of this website may be read and/or copied by unauthorized persons.
Holiday Mountain assumes no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or quality of the information or contents contained herein. Changes may be made at any time to the contents of this website without prior notice.
Holiday Mountain expressly disclaims any liability for losses or damages, whether direct or indirect, special or consequential, incurred by any user of this website. By accessing this website, each user releases Holiday Mountain and its respective directors, officers, employees and agents from all claims and proceedings for all such losses, damages or consequences.
Certain names, words, titles, phrases, logos, icons, graphics, illustrations, typographic fonts or designs appearing on this website may constitute trade names, registered or unregistered trade-marks, service marks or copyrighted materials of Holiday Mountain or of third parties. These are the property of their respective owners and are used on this website without intent of infringement. Display of the above mentioned trade names or materials does not imply the grant of any license to anyone else.
Links to other websites or references to products, services or publications other than those of Holiday Mountain are for convenience only and do not imply the endorsement or approval of such websites, products, publications or services by Holiday Mountain.
The above conditions and terms of use apply to all visits to the Holiday Mountain website, both now and in the future.
Copyright Holiday Mountain 2013. All rights reserved.
Helpful LinksDirections
Holiday News
Privacy Policy
Contact Holiday Mountain Resort
Box 89, #12 Later Way
La Riviere, Manitoba, Canada
R0G 1A0
(204) 242-2172
Did you know? All the runs at Holiday Mountain are named after people who helped Noel with the creation of the Ski Resort?
Sign the Petition for Cell Service! LaRiviere and the Pembina Valley are petitioning MTS Allstream of Manitoba to get extend cell service to the region. Make a Difference! Sign the Petition Today!
© Copyright - Holiday Mountain Resort | Manitoba, Canada