http://holidayworld.com/privacy-policy
Blog
News
HoliShop
Jobs
Search
Cart
Tickets & Cabanas
HoliShop
Buy Tickets
Share
Tickets & Season Passes
Hours & Park Info
Jobs
Rides & Slides
HoliShop
Holiday World Webcam
Shows & Events
Rules & Services
HoliBlog & News
Group Discounts
Lodging & Directions
Search
Buy Tickets
Tickets &
Park Info
Park Information
Why Holiday World? Value!
Park Hours
Park Map
Food & Snacks
inLine Reservation System
Digital Photo Pass
Insider Tips / FAQ
Rules & Services
Buy Tickets
Ticket Options
Daily Tickets
Season Passes
Cabana Rentals
Group Discounts
Picnics & Outings
HoliCash Gift Cards
HoliShop
Rides & Slides
Cheetah Chase: New for 2020!
Cheetah Chase features ProSlide RocketBLAST technology, marking the first time this technology has been used in Splashin’ Safari.
Thunderbird Steel Roller Coaster
Ready for Launch? Experience America’s only launched wing coaster as you speed from 0 to 60 mph in 3.5 seconds!
Height Limits
Accessibility
Filter by:
All Rides & Slides
Child
Mild
Wild
Roller Coasters
Christmas
4th of July
Halloween
Splashin' Safari
Thanksgiving
View Webcam
Shows & Events
Shows
LOL Comedy Magic Show
Dive!
Holidog & Friends
Special Events
Kitty’s Digital HoliWeen
Digital Opening Day
HoliWood Nights
Saturday Night Fireworks
4th of July Fireworks
Lodging & Directions
Hotels & Camping
Driving Directions
About Santa Claus, Ind.
Group Discounts
Group Events for 50+
Groups of 15-49
Church Groups
School Groups
Fun Club Discount Tickets
2021 Season Passes On Sale Now
Get news, discounts, and sweepstakes information!
Sign-up and receive a promo code to save on your next ticket purchase.
Email *
First Name *
Last Name *
Items marked with a red asterisk (*) are required.
Close subscribe window
Subscribe to the HoliBlog!
We'll email you Holiday World blog posts, news releases, notices about sweepstakes, and more!
Email *
Close subscribe window
Ready to go over the rainbow?
Follow the yellow brick road (that looks more like a reCAPTCHA button) for HoliWood Nights news, discounts and more.
Email *
Close subscribe window
Become a Holiday World Insider
Season Passholders get the inside scoop each month - including exclusive deals and perks!
Email *
Close subscribe window
Home // Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Thank you for visiting HolidayWorld.com. We hope you enjoy your visit to our site and return often. This policy details how we collect, protect, and use information gathered about you during your visit to HolidayWorld.com. Most of our site may be visited anonymously. Only a few features request and collect personally identifiable information from you. We will not sell, share, redistribute or transfer your personally identifiable information.
Personal information
Only a few activities at HolidayWorld.com will ask for personal information, which should never be provided by anyone 12 or younger:
When you email us using the Contact Us page or a Group Discounts page
Signing up for our e-newsletters
Entering a sweepstakes, and
When you make a purchase through our web store
In most cases, we collect only your name, mailing address, and email address. When you purchase tickets or HoliCash, we will also ask for your phone number and credit card number.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information a website sends to the computer you are using while you are viewing that website. They make it possible for the website to personalize your purchase process. With the exception of the web store, these cookies are temporary and are eliminated with each browser session.
If you wish to turn off all cookies, or prefer to receive a warning each time a cookie is sent, please consult your browser’s Help Menu.
Information protection
HolidayWorld.com’s Ticket Order System and HoliCash orders use a secure server to ensure the safety of your transaction. Your information is protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology when ordering; your private information is encrypted and cannot be read by others during the transmission process. These safeguards ensure your transaction is safe and reliable.
Information sharing
We only collect the information you choose to provide. We will not sell or in any other way disclose the personal information you provide to anyone outside of Holiday World & Splashin’ Safari, our advertising and promotional agencies, and consultants. Your personal information may be shared with companies working on behalf of Holiday World & Splashin’ Safari marketing.
Consent
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the above-mentioned features on our website. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time; please check back periodically to check for changes. Your continued use of HolidayWorld.com following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept the changes.
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy.
Updated on February 15, 2019
We use cookies to enhance your experience. By clicking "accept" or continuing to use
this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
Learn more about cookies
A "cookie" is a small digital file that is created by a website and then stored by a
user's browser. We use these cookies to help improve our site, including
improvements to both content and ease of use. We do not use cookies to store
any personal identifying information about you, and you
can remove cookies from your browser at any time.
Accept