https://homesteadlodgemaine.com/privacy-terms-of-use/
Homestead Lodge
207-435-6357
Send A Text
Email Us
Home
About
Hunting & Fishing
Bow & Archery Hunting
Black Bear Hunting
Self Guided Bear Hunts
Moose Hunting
Whitetail Deer Hunting
Moose Outfitter Tag
Buffalo Hunting
Bird & Hare Hunting
Fishing
Activities & Seasons
Snowmobiling
Retreats / Bed & Breakfast / Vacation
Accommodations
Media
Photo Gallery
Video Gallery
Testimonials
Trip Planner
Contact
Privacy & Terms
Site Map
Privacy & Terms of Use
Terms of Service The content that Homestead Lodge provides on our website, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, images, and logos, is owned by either Homestead Lodge or the party that has provided the content to us and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Homestead Lodge is the sole and exclusive owner of its compilation of this content on our website, and this compilation is also protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Unpermitted copying of any of this content could lead to copyright infringement.
Disclaimer
Homestead Lodge makes reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this website. Homestead Lodge makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Homestead Lodge assumes no liability or responsibility for any typographical or other errors or omissions in the content on this site. In the event that a product is listed at an incorrect price or with other incorrect information due to a typographical or other error, Homestead Lodge shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for the product listed incorrectly. Homestead Lodge shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and/or your credit card has been charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Homestead Lodge shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. If a product offered by Homestead Lodge is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it to Homestead Lodge for a refund.
Linked Sites
Linked sites are not under the control of Homestead Lodge and Homestead Lodge is not responsible for the contents of any linked sites. Homestead Lodge does not endorse the contents of any of the links that are contained on this site.
Promotions
All promotions are subject to availability and inventory. Homestead Lodge reserves the right to change, alter, or cancel promotions at any time without notice.
Revisions
Homestead Lodge may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Privacy Homestead Lodge respects our customers right to privacy online. We hold your detailed customer information in confidence.
Credit Card Security
We currently use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to safeguard your information, including your credit card number, during online transactions. We believe SSL to be a very safe encryption method.
Email Security
For your protection, never put your credit card number or other sensitive information in unencrypted e-mail. When we send a confirmation email for your order, we will not include your credit card that you input when you ordered. In the extremely unlikely event that we ever do suspect a customer's credit card number has been intercepted, we will immediately notify the customer.
Email Sharing
We will not share your email with 3rd parties. We only use your email for responses to website inquires.
Cookies
Homestead Lodge currently uses cookies on our site. Our cookies tag each visitor's browser with a random, unique number. The cookie simply assigns a number and does not disclose any personal information about the person using the browser. We use cookies, so that when you come back to shop, your customer information will be remembered (minus your credit card information).
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, or your dealings with Homestead Lodge, please contact us.
2020 Photos & Text Copyright - © Homestead Lodge
3plains.com - Outdoor Web Design
Back To Top