https://homestays.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy HomePrivacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.homestays.co.uk/
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled
“Bernardino Perez” Primary School
“Bernardino Perez” Primary School
Valencia de Don Juan (Leon) SPAIN Testimonial
-BRITISH HOMESTAYS-
26 June 3 July 2018
Cultural Immersion
By living with local families, British Homestays provided a more authentic cultural experience. Homestay presented an opportunity to experience the realities of daily life in England.
Hosts cooked local meals and made students feel in such a way that most other tourists or visitors would never even know of. Moreover, lovely family members and British Homestays staff provided us ( teachers and students ) tips and advice on “surviving” in our new environment.
Bernardino Perez Primary School students, described the advantages they gained living with a host family: “They were super helpful in learning the culture, history and local traditions that we might not have learned otherwise. The food they provided was also amazing, and a healthier choice than what we could get at a restaurant.”
Language Skills
Living in a Hostel situation with other travelers, would inevitably encounter a concentration of English-speaking individuals. But living with a homestay encouraged kids to use the language with native speakers in a low-stakes setting. Adopted family helped students practice language skills, which definitely made exploring the city and meeting new people a priceless task.
A Home Away from Home
All of the kids who were at “British Homestays” were primary students and they hadn,t lived away from hometown before this experience. However, nothing can prepare you for the type of homesickness that comes when living in a completely unfamiliar land alone, mainly when you,re 11 years old.
British Homestays families have been the most reliable ever…they got it!!
Spanish parents stated why they luckily chose British Homestay : “Kids were really nervous about living on their own in a new country. As parents, we really wanted a sense of family who cared enough about them, with family and friends in a distant time zone, British Homestays host families served as a great support system and has been an excellent resource in student times of need and homesickness”.
Justo López
Irene Merino
Rosario Marcos
-BERNARDINO PEREZ Primary School Teachers in charge-
CLOSE