https://homewoodwinery.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
We are building a strong tradition of providing quality goods and excellent customer service. Part of achieving this goal involves working with information that helps us understand what customers want when they visit our site.
Information You Provide Us
In several areas, we ask you to provide information by filling out and submitting an online form. Following is a list of the information we request, arranged by site location, and details on how we use this information.
Information We Don’t Collect– When you visit and browse our site, we do not collect your name, email address or any other personal information unless you provide it to us.
How We Use Email–  We read every email we receive.
Links To Other Sites– Occasionally we provide links to other sites we think you will enjoy. These sites operate independently of us and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.
About Information We Share With Others– We do not, under anycircumstances, share or sell your information to anyone.
Information We Do Not Share With Others– We do not share, sell or trade email addresses, information collected as part of a survey, or specific details about you or your household.
We do not contribute to or participate in shared or cooperative databases, which give other companies access to your personal information. We do not release credit card or financial information for use by other companies.
For both privacy and security purposes, all transactional information communicated between customers and our Web site is transmitted in an encrypted format, and all credit card information is deleted from our servers immediately after card authorization.
How To Remove Your Name From Our Mailing List–  Email us.
Updates To Our Information Practices– We’re always looking for ways to improve our site’s features and services and to improve the way we communicate our information practices. As a result, this statement is updated from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. We will never change our policies with regard to releasing information to third parties without first notifying all customers and providing them with the opportunity to “opt-in” for correspondence from other companies.