http://howtoenjoyhummingbirds.com/privacy-security/
Skip to content
Privacy & Security
Privacy
All customer information collected on this site is used solely by Baughman Enterprises to take and process orders for our customers. We will not rent or share any customer information (name, address, e-mail address, etc.) to any outside parties.
Security
All payment transactions of Baughman Enterprises are handled by PayPal to insure the safety of all your credit card information
Data Security and Encryption
The security of your information, transactions, and money is the core of our business and our top priority at PayPal.
PayPal automatically encrypts your confidential information in transit from your computer to ours using the Secure Sockets Layer protocol (SSL) with an encryption key length of 128-bits (the highest level commercially available). Before you even register or log in to our site, our server checks that you’re using an approved browser – one that uses SSL 3.0 or higher.
Once your information reaches us, it resides on a server that is heavily guarded both physically and electronically. Our servers sit behind an electronic firewall and are not directly connected to the Internet, so your private information is available only to authorized computers.
Why Choose PayPal?
– Free to Send Money
Pay for purchases or send money to anyone with an email address in 56 countries and regions. It’s free.
– Accepted Worldwide
PayPal is accepted by thousands of businesses worldwide and is the preferred payment method on eBay.com.
– Easy to Sign Up, Easy to Use
Signing up for a PayPal account is easy, and takes just a few minutes to complete. Once you’re done, you can send your payment in minutes!
Comments are closed.
Hummingbird Facts and Information
Site Map
Hummingbird Gift Store
Complete list of Hummingbirds
Hummingbird Jewelry
Homemade Hummingbird Food
Hummingbird nests and baby
Hummingbird Nesting Facts
Videos of baby Hummingbirds
Hummingbird Blog
Attracting Hummingbirds
What do hummingbirds eat
Choosing A Hummingbird Feeder
Make Your Own Hummingbird Feeder
How To Repair Your Hummingbird Feeder
When To Put Out
Humming bird Feeder
Maintaining and Cleaning Your Hummingbird Feeder
Controlling Hummingbird Feeder Pests
Hummingbird Hawk-Moth
Hemaris Moth
Seasonal Feeding Patterns
Hand-Feeding Hummingbirds and other backyard birds videos
Privacy/Security
Contact Us
About Us
Recent Posts
Black-eared fairy hummingbird
Ant Moat For Hummingbird Feeders
Hummingbird Recipe
Hummingbird Food
Bee Proof Hummingbird Feeder
Hummingbird Life Expectancy