https://hylinecruises.com/privacy/
Our Privacy Promise
Hy-Line Cruises takes precautions that are consistent with industry practices to ensure the security of your Personal information. We strive to protect your Personal Information from loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation and unauthorized access or disclosure.
All information you choose to submit to us by signing up to offers, news or a contest, by sending us emails or texts, by adding posts to any of our websites or apps, by completing feedback surveys, by interacting with us on social media, by speaking to us, booking with us or registering an account with us.
Full details of the purchases you make on our websites, through our mobile apps and in our outlets. These include the time, date and location of purchase; the things you buy from us; any vouchers, discounts or other alternative means of payment you may use, as well as relevant payment cards such as a credit or debit card.
Any giftcard or other unique identification numbers we may issue to you from time to time.
We monitor information on what you view, click on and access in and through our marketing emails, text messages, websites and mobile apps. We also collect this information when you use our WIFI networks to access the internet. We may collect the time and geographic location of your device when you do so. We also track how often you visit and use our websites and mobile apps.
We collect technical information about the devices you use to access our websites and mobile apps, as well as when you use our WIFI networks to access the internet. We collect each device’s relevant IP address, operating system and version, web browser and version, and geographic location.
Your social media content where this is in the public domain. This information can include posts and comments, pictures and video footage.
Information collected independently by online advertising networks (for example Google) through whom we place advertisements. The information we obtain varies from network to network. It relates to what you view, click on, and access through websites in their network, including the subject matter of the site you started at and where you subsequently go.
How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect for many different things:
To provide you with our news on websites, mobile apps and WIFI networks.
To power our security measures and services for example, so we can recognize your username and password, as well as reset them if you happen to forget what they are.
To enable us to run contests and offers for which you have signed up.
To gather feedback from you about our brands, websites, mobile apps, other services and activities from time to time. We may invite you to provide this feedback on occasion, for example by emailing you. We may use independent research and feedback providers to do so on our behalf.
To contact you from time to time about things you have told us you want to hear about, for example our brands’ news, offers and new contests.