https://icefishingworld.com/privacy-policy/
Ice Fishing World The HARD water life...
Toggle navigation
Main Menu
HomeEquipment
Equipment Ice Fishing Rods Ice Fishing Reels Ice Fishing Line Ice Fishing Bait Jigs and Spoons and Hooks Tagging Along Equipment:
The Five Gallon Bucket Hand Warmers Needle Nose Pliers Fishing License Proper Identification Compass Bobber Stops with Beads Ice Fishing Scoop Ice Picks Nail Clippers Ice Fishing Bobbers Split Shot First Aid Kit Sipping Whiskey
By Species
By Species Walleye Crappie Northern Pike Perch Trout Darkhouse Spearing
SafetyContactPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy for icefishingworld.com
The privacy of our visitors to icefishingworld.com is important to us.
At icefishingworld.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit icefishingworld.com, and how we safeguard your information.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on icefishingworld.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about Christianity, you may see Bible advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
Home
Equipment
Equipment
Ice Fishing Rods
Ice Fishing Reels
Ice Fishing Line
Ice Fishing Bait
Jigs and Spoons and Hooks
Tagging Along Equipment:
The Five Gallon Bucket
Hand Warmers
Needle Nose Pliers
Fishing License
Proper Identification
Compass
Bobber Stops with Beads
Ice Fishing Scoop
Ice Picks
Nail Clippers
Ice Fishing Bobbers
Split Shot
First Aid Kit
Sipping Whiskey
By Species
By Species
Walleye
Crappie
Northern Pike
Perch
Trout
Darkhouse Spearing
Safety
Contact
Woodland Resort – Devils Lake Devils Lake Fishing ReportsThursday ‘Ready For The Weekend’ Fishing Report w/Mixed Bag Alert!!Thursday Weather and Solunar Forecast: Dec 10th – 16thWednesday Weekly Ice Conditions/Volume 3- 12-9-20