https://illowabsa.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Council 133
Skip to content
Tools for Units
Tools for Leaders
Commissioners
Order of the Arrow
Districts
Council 133
Illowa Council – Boy Scouts of America
Donate
Home
About Us
Council Staff Directory
History of Illowa Council
Non-discrimination Policy
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Programs
Recruiting Resources
What Does Cub Scouting Look Like in 2020?
Step One: Make a Calendar of Fun Activities
A Family-Led Fun Program
Step Two: How to Promote your Unit!
Update BeAScout Pin
Step Three: Recruiting Leaders
Nuts and Bolts of Leader Recruiting and Organizing
Step Four: School and Community Presence
Step Five: Sign-Up Events
Scouts BSA Troop Recruiting
Join
Support Scouts
Donate
Friends of Scouting Campaign
Ben Rogers Kitchen Project
Corporate Popcorn Sale
Popcorn Fundraiser
Support Camp Loud Thunder Patch Sale
Other Ways to Support Scouts
Events
Exploring
Scout Shop
Calendar
Privacy Policy
Privacy
If you have questions or need more information about the Privacy Policy of the Illowa Council, Inc., please contact the Scout Executive.
The Illowa Council, Inc. is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its members and user community. The intent of this privacy policy is to detail the information the Illowa Council, Inc. may gather about individuals who visit its web site, how that information is used, and Illowa Council, Inc. disclosure practices. Please note that this policy applies only to Illowa Council, Inc. web sites and not to the web sites of other companies or organizations to which we provide links.
This is how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our web site(s). The information we receive depends upon what you do.
If you visit our site to read or download information, such as information about Scouting or forms:
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or msn.com if you are connecting from a Microsoft Network account); the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
If you identify yourself by sending an E-mail:
You also may decide to send us personally-identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a question, a request for information, or to register as a Scout, or to register for a Scouting event or activity. We use personally-identifying information from you in various ways to support the Scouting movement. Here is what we do with your E-mail and the personally identifying information you send to us: we send the E-mail to the appropriate Illowa employee in order to answer your request. Once the request has been satisfied, we delete the E-mail. We do not keep or store any personally identifying information that you send to us unless the information is necessary to register you in Scouting, or to register you for a Scouting event or activity.
We want to be very clear:
We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
You can contact us by postal mail, telephone, or electronically, via an on-line form. Before you do, there are a few things you should know. We do not share or disclose any personally-identifying information with third parties. Personally-identifying information required to register you as a Scout or for a Scouting event or activity may be shared with the Boy Scouts of America, Inc., or other Scouting organizations such as the Order of the Arrow, the Philmont Scout Ranch, or other Scouting organization.
Site Usage Information
The Illowa Council, Inc. gathers “site usage” information from all visitors to the Illowa Council, Inc. web sites. Such data is used in the aggregate, to help determine general usage patterns and fine tune layout in order to ensure that our sites are as useful and enjoyable as possible. This “site usage” and statistical information may be made public information at the Illowa Council, Inc.’s discretion.
Please note that the Illowa Council, Inc. does not control all HTML served in conjunction with its sites. The Illowa Council, Inc. sites may include content from other parties that may perform user activity tracking other than that described herein. In particular, some of our partners may use “cookies” in ways that we do not.
Special Notification with respect to Children’s Privacy
(Users under the age of 13)
In response to concerns about protecting children’s privacy online, Congress enacted the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”), which sets forth rules and procedures governing the ways in which web sites may collect, use and disclose any personal information for children under the age of 13.
In accordance with the Illowa Council, Inc. policy and COPPA regulations, we DO NOT:
Request or knowingly collect personally identifiable online or offline contact information from users under 13 years of age;
Knowingly use or share personal information from users under 13 years of age with third parties;
Give children the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information;
Entice children with the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity.
Disclosure
The Illowa Council, Inc. reserves the right to access and disclose individually identifiable information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate its systems properly or to protect itself or its users. Where practical, Illowa Council, Inc. will attempt to obtain the prior consent of the individual prior to disclosing individually identifiable information. As mentioned above, we reserve the right to share aggregated “site usage” information with third parties.
Questions
If you have questions or need more information about the Privacy Policy of the Illowa Council, Inc., please contact the Scout Executive.
Share this:Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
About Us
Council Staff Directory
History of Illowa Council
Non-discrimination Policy
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
SERVICE CENTER HOURS4412 N. Brady Street
Davenport, IA 52806
(563) 388-7233Monday - Friday
10:00am - 5:00pm
SCOUT SHOP HOURS(563) 391-4111Monday: CLOSED
Tuesday-Friday: 10am-6pm
Saturday: 10am-2pm
Sunday: CLOSED
Camp Loud Thunder9906-175th Street West
Illinois City, IL 61259
Camp Ranger: 563.357.8887
Contact Us
Search for:
Hoover
Inali
Kittan
Mesquakie
Saukenuk
© Illowa Council Boy Scouts of America - All Rights Reserved