http://incentivesolutions.com/privacy
Rewards Online Rewards Debit Card Rewards Gift Card Rewards Programs Sales Incentives Programs SPIFFs & Rebate Programs Customer Loyalty Programs Channel Incentive Programs Dealer Incentive Programs Employee Recognition Programs VAR Incentive Programs Travel Services Group Incentive Travel Corporate Meetings & Events Technology Technology Base Package Incentive Software Modules Resources eBooks White Papers FAQs ROI Calculator Creative Services White Papers Pricing page Case Studies About Our Story Our Team Management Blog Contact Us
Privacy PolicyIncentive Solutions, Inc., its subsidiaries and divisions (collectively "ISI") are committed to complying with the best practices that help protect the privacy of our client’s and their user’s data. ISI has created this Privacy Policy to explain what information we may collect about users of this website and how we will use that information in our business.  By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to ISI using any information gathered about you as contemplated herein.ISI complies with the EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information (“Personal Information”) transferred from the European Union and/or Switzerland to the United States. ISI has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles (“Principles”). Compliance with the Principles may be limited, however, in certain cases to the extent necessary to meet national security, public interest or law enforcement requirements. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. ISI personnel with access to Personal Information are obligated to familiarize themselves and comply with provisions of this Privacy Policy.The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over ISI’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.ISI has met the required seven privacy principles to participate in the Privacy Shield program. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.The seven principles are as follows:Notice and ChoicesInformation Collection & Use ISI only collects your personal information (such as name, address, telephone number and email address) if you provide it voluntarily when you submit information via the “Contact Us” form on this website. We will store and use that information for marketing purposes and/or to contact you to resolve questions and/or concerns. We will never sell, rent or share your personal information with any other third parties.We also collect general information about users of this website, such as which areas of the website and which services users utilize most frequently.  We use this information in aggregate form to assess the functionality and performance of this website, and to assess the needs of our suppliers.  This information may be shared with third parties on an aggregate basis only.We may collect an IP address from all visitors to this website.  We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer this website.  Your IP address may also be used to help identify you when you visit this website.E-mail/Anti-Spam Policy ISI is strongly opposed to unsolicited commercial e-mail (SPAM). We use e-mail to communicate with parties requesting information from our company and with clients to whom we are providing services. All of our e-mail communications are delivered in full compliance with requirements set forth in the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003.Opt-out You may unsubscribe or opt-out of receiving electronic communications from us at any time. When you unsubscribe or opt-out you will no longer receive any unsolicited electronic communication related to the same program offering. Clicking on an unsubscribe link will take you to a webpage where you can complete the opt-out process. Certain programs will provide a contact for support or other means to remove your name from our contact list. You may also opt out by sending an email to us. The unsubscribe or opt out process will take effect within 10 business days of our receipt of your request.Onward TransferInformation Sharing and Disclosure We may disclose information about you and your use of this website if required to do so by law, court order, or other government or law enforcement authority; or when we believe in good faith that disclosing such information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including, for instance, to satisfy tax and other reporting purposes or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of ISI, another user, or of anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.Assignment ISI may assign this Privacy Policy (a) to any of its affiliates, (b) to the surviving entity in the event of a merger, acquisition, or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of ISI, or (c) in connection with the sale of this website or the business unit associated with this website.ISI is liable for appropriate onward transfers of personal information to third parties.Access and Data IntegrityYour Account Access usernames and passwords are stored in our databases. All passwords are encrypted. Account information is kept secure and used solely by you to access your account, and to facilitate communication. Company administrators have permission to make corrections or changes to their account information as needed. User information is stored only when a user voluntarily gives this information for use by a client company. No information is released outside of ISI unless with the authority of the user or as required under applicable law.Access to Personally Identifiable Information If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by emailing us at privacyinquiry@incentivesolutions.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.Incentive Solutions, Inc. Attn: Privacy Officer 2299 Perimeter Park Drive, Suite 150 Atlanta, GA 30341 678-514-0200SecurityThis website has appropriate security measures in place to protect your confidential information.  We use SSL technology during data transfer and security procedures during storage. Your information submitted to us will be stored on our servers located in the United States. Our Internet hardware is maintained in an environment that uses reasonable and appropriate security to help protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.Use of cookies This website uses cookies to enhance your experience while using this website.  Cookies are pieces of information that websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website and are used for record-keeping purposes.  ISI may use cookies to save information related to your use of this website.  You can configure your web browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. Each web browser is different, so check the "help" menu of your web browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If an individual rejects all cookies, an individual may not be able to use some or all of the features of this site.EnforcementDispute Resolution In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, ISI commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. If you have any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy, you should report your claim to us via email at privacyinquiry@incentivesolutions.com. We will respond to your claim within 45 days.ISI has committed to attempt to resolve privacy complaints under the EU-US and/or Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, ISI commits to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and/or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner and comply with the advice given by the panel and/or Commissioner with regard to data transferred from the EU and/or Switzerland. Under certain conditions, EU or Swiss data subjects may invoke binding arbitration for non-monetary issues when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.Contact Information and Access to Information If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, if you would like ISI to confirm whether it has Personal Data about you, if you would like information on how to receive a copy of some of the Personal Data that ISI maintains about you, or if you would like us to update or delete information we have about you, please contact us:By phone: +1 678-514-0200 By Email: privacyinquiry@incentivesolutions.comThrough Mail: Attn: Privacy Officer Incentive Solutions, Inc. 2299 Perimeter Park Drive, Suite 150 Atlanta, GA 30341If we are required to contact you about your Personal Data we may do so by mail, telephone, or e-mail.While this Privacy Policy will be available on our website, we recommend that you print and retain a copy of this Privacy Policy for your records.
Trusted Advisors Low Cost Launch in 8 Weeks Millions of Rewards Plug-in Modules 95% Recommend Us
This website uses cookies to give you an incredible experience. By using this website you agree to the terms.I Like Cookies!