https://infed.org/mobi/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Picture by Matthew Henry on Unsplash
Who we are
Our website address is: http://infed.org/. infed.org is a not-for-profit site and cookie-free.
What data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
We sometimes ask for contact details if you are booking into an event, course or activity so that we can update you on the event or ask you to evaluate it. We may also send you information about similar events or activities we provide.
When visitors contact us we collect the data shown in the contacts form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
We use Akismit anti-spam. This means that if you make a comment or contact us, your email address is checked against a list of spammers. Automatic (the providers of the service) do not sell the personal data collected through Akismet. You can check their privacy policy here.
Cookies
We have tried to strip out all cookies from the site – and the detectors we have used show none are present (Cookiebot and Ghostery). However, there may be some strays. In the past, we used cookies to try to understand more about our users and to improve user experience. The purposes for which they were employed are set out below. To:
Recognise a computer when a user visits the website
Track users as they use the website
Improve usability
Analyse the use of the website
Improve the security of the website
Please let us know if you find a ‘stray’.
We no longer include image links to Facebook, Twitter and other social media sites like these as they can also be used to track users.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We have in the past employed Google Analytics Universal and WordPress Stats to analyse the use of our website but have stopped because of our concerns about their handling of data.
infed.org now uses AWStats. It is open-source and does not use cookies. AWStats is a local program that processes the standard log files on our servers in the UK. Data about individual visits are deleted after 31 days and not shared. As a result, we know what pages are visited, the countries people are visiting from, and the search engines used. The site has been tested by Cookiebot who found no cookies and that it was compliant with EU regulations on the use of cookies and online tracking.
Managing your cookies settings
You can change your settings and preferences for cookies.  Use the links below:
Internet explorer – our website only supports IE9 or above
Chrome
Firefox
Safari (IOS)
Data sharing
Any individual data will not be shared, except where required to do so by law.
How long we retain your data
If you contact us, the content and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can respond to you if necessary.
We no longer allow registration on the site – and we have deleted all records of those users that previously registered on our website. All users could see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they could not change their username). Website administrators could also see and edit that information.
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: –
The right to request a copy of your personal data which we hold about you (a Subject Access Request or ‘SAR’).
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date.
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data. (Records will remain in skeleton, to ensure no further contact in future).
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time
The right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable) [Only applies where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the  performance of a contract with the data subject and in either case the data controller processes  the data by automated  means].
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing.
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable) [Only applies where  processing  is  based  on  legitimate  interests  (or  the  performance  of   a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics]
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s
Where we send your data
Contact forms are checked through an automated spam detection service and emailed to the editor. No message is stored on the site’s web servers. No other data is sent to third parties.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that information is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the data we process.
Contact information
Click to contact us
To exercise all relevant rights, queries of complaints please in the first instance contact the Data Protection Officer.
You can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF
Acknowledgement: The picture is by Matthew Henry on Unsplash