http://info.finewinemag.com/terms.html
Home
Terms & Conditions
Copyright
©
Copyright Progressive Media International Limited.
The copyright in all of the copyright works contained within these pages is either owned by Progressive Media International Limited or licensed to it. Reproduction of part or all of the contents of any of these pages is prohibited except to the extent permitted below.
These pages and the separate copyright works contained therein may be viewed on screen, downloaded onto a hard disk or printed for your personal use provided that you include this copyright notice on each copy and that you make no alterations to any of the pages and do not use any of the pages in any other work or publication in whatever medium stored. Copyright works contained in these pages may not be used, distributed or copied for any commercial purpose.
Without prejudice to the limited copyright licence granted above and solely to the extent that all or parts of these pages constitute a “database” for the purposes of the Copyright and Rights in Databases Regulations 1997 (“the Regulations”) reproduction of part or all of these pages is prohibited to the fullest extent permitted by the Regulations.
Legal Disclaimer
Please read this section carefully as it contains the legal terms and conditions that you agree to when you use our Site.
The Operator
This website is operated by Progressive Media International Limited.
Definitions
References to “we” or “us” in these Terms and conditions are to Progressive Media International Limited.
References to “you” in these Terms and conditions are to the users of this website.
References to “Partner Organisation” in these Terms and conditions are to organisations with whom Progressive Media International Limited has complied this website.
References to “the site” in these Terms and conditions are to this website and its contents.
Terms and Conditions
The information on this Site has been included in good faith for general informational purposes only. The Site may contain information submitted by a third party including adverts. The information should not be relied upon for any specific purpose and no representation or warranty is given as to its accuracy or completeness.
Any opinions (express or implied) are those of the individual authors and not necessarily those of Progressive Media International Limited or its partner organisations.
Except for any express warranties or undertakings given on the Site, we exclude all warranties (express or implied) in respect of the Site and the content of and your use of the Site.
We shall not be liable to you for any loss that you suffer (including, without limitation, damages for any consequential loss or loss of business opportunities or projects, or loss of profits) howsoever arising, whether in contract, tort or otherwise from your use or inability to use this Site, or any of its contents, or from any action or omission taken as a result of using this Site provided that nothing in these terms shall exclude or limit our liability for personal injury or death caused by our negligence.
We may provide links to other websites from time to time. These links are provided for your convenience. We do not endorse or take responsibility for the content of those websites, we are not responsible for the availability of them and will not be liable in any way for any loss or damage which you may suffer by your use or inability to use those websites.
If you decide to access linked websites you do so at your own risk. If you purchase any goods or services from a third party or third party website to which we provide a link your contract for the supply of those goods and services will be with that third party.
Reference to any product or service on the Site does not constitute an offer to sell or supply that product or service and does not mean that the product or service is available in all countries or that the name and description of any product in your country will be the same as that included on the Site.
We have taken every care in the preparation of the Site. However, as certain technical matters may be beyond our control, we cannot guarantee that you will have uninterrupted or error-free access to the Site at all times.
We make no warranty that the contents of the Site are free from infection by viruses or anything else which has contaminating or destructive properties and shall have no liability in respect thereof.
We reserve the right at any time, without liability for doing so, to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any of the content, functions or services we offer on the Site (or any part of them) with or without notice. This includes removing information transmitted by you to us.
You agree that the information you provide us with when you use the Site will be true and complete and that you will keep it true and complete.
Use of the Site
You agree not to use the services we provide via the Site to:
Transmit any information or do anything that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
Impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
Forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any information transmitted through the services
Transmit any information that you do not have a right to transmit or which infringes another’s rights;
Transmit any unsolicited or unauthorised promotion (including without limitation “junk mail”, “spam”, “chain letters” or “pyramid schemes”);
Transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, damage, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
Interfere with or disrupt the services or servers or networks connected to the services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the services; or collect or store personal data about other users.
Amendment of the Terms and conditions
We reserve the right to amend these Terms without notice to you from time to time. Any such amendment shall be effective once the revised terms have been posted on the Site.
Applicable Law
We reserve the right to amend these Terms without notice to you from time to time. Any such amendment shall be effective once the revised terms have been posted on the Site.
Comments
If you have any comments or questions about the Site please contact us at: privacy@progressivemediainternational.com
Progressive Media International Limited
40-42 Hatton Garden, London, EC1N 8EB, UK
Editor's Pick
The World of Fine Wine Announces the
2020 World's Best Wine Lists
Bordeaux Index - The return of the brand
Best of Wines: A Treasure of Fine Wines
Covid-19 Update
The 7th edition of the World’s Best Wine Lists Awards will still continue. Anyone who already entered their list will be in the judging process which is not affected by the current Covid-19 crisis. The results will be published as usual by December 2020.