https://innerleader.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Inner Leader Ltd (“we”, “us” or “Inner Leader”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data.
This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) or when we do business with you and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. This privacy policy is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below.
Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy policy.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA SECURITY
DATA RETENTION
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
GLOSSARY
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
Purpose of this privacy policy This privacy policy aims to give you information on how Inner Leader Ltd collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our newsletter or ask for information about a service. This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
Controller Inner Leader Ltd is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “Inner Leader”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy). We have appointed data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.
Contact details If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our data privacy manager in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity: Inner Leader Limited
Email address: hello@innerleader.co.uk
Postal address: 87 Warwick Street, Leamington Spa, CV32 4RJ
Telephone number: 0333 567 0404
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on 3rd March, 2020.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes, first name, last name, username or similar identifier, title.
Contact Data includes, Job title, employer, home address, operating address, billing address, email address and telephone numbers, food preferences, LinkedIn user name, Twitter user name.
Financial Data includes, bank account, VAT Number, VAT Exemption, Company Number.
Transaction Data includes, details about payments to / from you and details of services you have purchased from us or goods / services we may have purchased from you or the company you work for. Deals proposed but not purchased including deal values and job details.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses, emails and notes relating to proposed or purchased services.
Usage Data includes, information about how you use our website and services.
Marketing and Communications Data including, your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy. We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
request our services;
create an account with us;
subscribe to our newsletters;
request marketing to be sent to you;
complete a survey; or
give us feedback or contact us.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Please see our Cookies Policy for further details.   Third parties or publicly available sources. We will receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as Pipedrive and Quickbooks based outside the EU.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the EU.
Pre and Post course surveys. Sometimes we ask you to complete surveys pre event to help us tailor it to your needs and post event for quality control. We use tools like Survey Monkey and Google Forms both based outside the EU.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data We set out below a description of the ways we use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. We may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity (b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To provide services to you including: (a) Manage payments, fees and charges (b) Collect and recover money owed to us by you or the company you work for and to whom we provided services
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Financial (d) Transaction (e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include: (a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy (b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Marketing and Communications (e) Usage
(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our services)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise) (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing and Communications (f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical (b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical (d) Usage (e) Profile (f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Marketing We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you. You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at hello@innerleader.co.uk at any time. Where you opt out of receiving marketing messages, this opt out will not apply to stop us processing personal data about you and provided to us as a result of a service purchase, service experience or other transaction.
Cookies When you visit our website, you can choose to accept or decline cookies. You can also set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, some parts of our website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookies Policy.
Change of purpose We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us at hello@innerleader.co.uk If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5.DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table above.
Third Parties (as defined in the Glossary).
Specific third parties listed in the table Purposes for which we will use your personal data
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
Sharing or Disclosing Your Personal Data
Whilst we will never disclose or share your data with others without your consent, we use third party processors to provide our services; these companies will process or store your information on our behalf.
We use the following third parties:
We use In Motion Hosting to host our website.  For more information about In Motion Hosting, please read their privacy policy at https://www.inmotionhosting.com/privacy-policy
We use DropBox to store business data which may include personal data.  For more information about DropBox please read their privacy policy at https://www.dropbox.com/privacy
We use Google to process online forms.  For more information about Google please read their privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy
We use Everything DiSC, owned by John Wiley & Sons Inc, for the purposes of personality assessment reports. For more information about Everything DiSC please go to https://www.everythingdisc.com/privacy-policy.asp
We ensure all processors acting on our behalf act in accordance with this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6.INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS We share your personal data with third parties such as Pipedrive, G Suite, Inmotion Hosting, Everything Disc and Quickbooks This will involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.   7.DATA SECURITY We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8.DATA RETENTION How long will you use my personal data for? We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements. By law we have to keep basic information about our customers and suppliers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax and claims limitation purposes. In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data:
see Your Legal Rights below for further information. In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9.YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please see the Glossary for a summary of your Legal Rights in relation to the personal data that we hold about you. If you wish to exercise any of the rights, please contact us at hello@innerleader.co.uk
No Fee Usually Required You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What We May Need From You We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time Limit To Respond We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10.GLOSSARY
LAWFUL BASIS
There are several Lawful Bases under the data protection law. However we rely only on the following three: Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us 0. Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract. Comply with a legal obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES
· Service providers acting as processors based in the UK, EEA and USA who provide payroll, IT, hosting and system administration services. · Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the UK who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services. · HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances. Contractors who may be used to deliver our services.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to: Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request” or SAR). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms. Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: · If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy. · Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it. · Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. · You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
11.QUESTIONS For any questions relating to this policy, please contact hello@innerleader.co.uk This document was last updated on 3rd March 2020 ©2020 Inner Leader is the trading name of Inner Leader Limited, a company registered in England No. 08973715, at 87 Warwick Street, Leamington Spa, CV32 4RJ. Tel: 0333 567 0404 hello@innerleader.co.uk
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.