http://insidemotorcycles.com/legal/privacy.html
How to resolve AdBlock issue?
X
How to resolve AdBlock issue?
X
Breaking News
How to resolve AdBlock issue?
X
Advertise Here
INSIDE TRACK COMMUNICATIONS PRIVACY POLICY
Inside Track Communications Inc. (“Inside Track Communications”) is committed to protecting the privacy rights of all persons with whom it deals. We will take every step to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Inside Track Communications web site (the "Site") and our collection, use and/or disclosure of an individual's personal information collected through the Site.
Your name and address information including email address will be used to correspond with you regarding your subscription, and to send you information about Inside Track family of publications. Inside Track Communications Inc. will never share or sell your email address. Inside Track Communications Inc. may send you carefully screened information on products and services that might be of interest to you via email on behalf of our partners. You may opt out of receiving these emails from Inside Track Communications Inc. in email communication we send, or by contacting our Privacy Officer at the below address.
Use of Contact Information In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about, our products and services, including but not limited to our Service. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provide
When you visit the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ("Log Data" ). This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the web-pages you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider the IP address will be different every time you log on. We use Log Data to monitor the use of the Site and of our Service, and for technical administration. We do not associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms of Service.
Like many websites, we also use "cookie" technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve the Site and our service. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the Site and our Service, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Site, and to improve the Site and our services. A session cookie enables certain features of the Site and our service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Site. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
Our Site contains links to other websites. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personally identifiable information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
The Site is not directed to persons under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, he or she should contact our Privacy Officer. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal identifiable Information, we will delete such information from our files.
By using the Site you consent to the uses indicated in this Privacy Policy. Should you choose, at any time, to withdraw your consent please immediately contact Inside Track Communications’ Privacy Officer to advise of this decision. If Inside Track Communications requires personal information for a new purpose, it will seek consent for such new use.
Inside Track Communications Inc. is accountable for all personal information under its care and control. Inside Track Communications’ Privacy Officer is designated as the person responsible for the Privacy Policy and for the personal information received by Inside Track Communications. The Privacy Officer can be reached as follows:
Privacy Officer, Inside Track Communications, PO Box 370, Bright's Grove, ON, N0N 1C0 or email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Any questions relating to Inside Track Communications’ handling of personal information should be directed to our Privacy Officer. 14895.0002/4552878_.1
Recent Photos View All Galleries