https://invernessmountaineering.club/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home1 / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Inverness Mountaineering Club
Inverness Mountaineering Club takes your privacy seriously. We are a “controller” of the personal information that you provide to us and this privacy notice sets out how, why and for how long we will use your personal data, as well as who it is shared with. It also explains your legal rights as a data subject and how to exercise them.
What we need from you
When you register as a member of Inverness Mountaineering Club renew your membership, we may ask you for some or all of the following personal information:
Contact details – eg. name, address, email address and phone number.
Date of birth – to calculate membership category and eligibility for events and courses.
Participation details – other clubs, existing Mountaineering Scotland membership number.
Equality information – sex, gender, disability, ethnic group and religion.
Safety and emergency details – eg. next of kin, relevant health conditions.
If you do not provide us with all of the personal information that we need this may affect our ability to offer you our membership services and benefits.
Why we need your personal information – contractual purposes
We need to collect our members’ and customers’ personal information so that we can manage your relationship with us. We may use our members’ personal information to:
Provide you with core member services, including confirmation of membership, membership card, end of year renewal.
Set up an online membership account enabling you to manage your membership and communication preferences.
Organise club activities and manage risk and safety if you attend a meet on the hill or at a climbing wall.
Register your membership with the representative body, Mountaineering Scotland, to provide you with insurance cover, magazine subscription and other benefits they offer to members of clubs, including access to courses and competitions.
Share contact details with other club members.
Why we need your personal information – legitimate purposes
We also process our members’ personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests to:
Provide you with news and updates about the activity of the club, opportunities to get involved in club meets, training, general meetings or other events.
Raise awareness of the club’s activities by capturing photos, videos, or live streaming at events. We will use this for promotion, education and development purposes.
Respond to and investigate your questions, comments, support needs, complaints, concerns or allegations.
Why we need your personal information – legal obligations
We are under a legal obligation to process certain personal information relating to our members for the purposes of complying with obligations under:
The Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act 2007, which requires us to check that our coaches and volunteers are able to undertake regulated work with children and vulnerable adults.
The Equality Act 2010, which requires us to process personal information to make reasonable adjustments where necessary.
Other uses of your personal information
We may ask you if we can process your personal information for other purposes. Where we do so, we will provide you with an additional privacy notice explaining how we will use your information for these purposes.
Who we share your personal information with
When we register your membership with Mountaineering Scotland we pass on your personal data and Mountaineering Scotland become a controller of your personal data. Mountaineering Scotland provides full details of how it uses your personal data in its own privacy notice (www.mountaineering.scot/privacy-notice) and will not use it for any other purpose.
We share personal details with other Inverness Mountaineering Club members by sending out membership lists. Your own details of the list will only contain information you have agreed to share with the Inverness Mountaineering Club members.
We may be required to share personal information with statutory or regulatory authorities to comply with statutory obligations. Such organisations include the Health & Safety Executive, Disclosure Scotland, and Police Scotland for the purposes of safeguarding children. We may also share personal information with professional and legal advisors for the purpose of obtaining advice.
Third party suppliers with access to members’ personal data
The Inverness Mountaineering Club may use third party suppliers to provide services. These suppliers may process personal data on our behalf as “processors” and are subject to contractual conditions to only process that personal information under our instructions and protect it.
In the event that we share personal information with external third parties, we only share such information strictly required for the specific purposes and take reasonable steps to ensure recipients shall only process the disclosed personal information in accordance with those purposes.
Membermojo provide our membership database.
HSBC UK PLC process payment transactions securely on our behalf.
Membermojo distribute some of our email communications.
Instructors, coaches and event organisers receive details of training or competition participants.
How we protect your personal information
Your personal information is accessed by our Committee Members only for the purposes set out above. It is stored by our club on Membermojo. Membermojo requires a login and password to access personal data of club members. In some cases, committee members keep personal information on password protected excel spreadsheets. Your personal data is transferred to Mountaineering Scotland by inputting it directly into a password-protected database or emailed via a password-protected spreadsheet.
How long we keep your personal information
We only keep your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with membership services. Unless you ask us not to, we will review and delete your personal information where you have not renewed your membership with us for 2 years.
You have a right to:
Change your communication preferences or restrict the processing of your personal data for specific purposes.
Request that we correct your personal data if you believe it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Request that we delete your personal information.
Access the personal data that we hold about you through a “subject access request”.
You can contact us at
If you are dissatisfied, you have a right to raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office at www.ico.org.uk
Recent Posts
Torridon and the Cairngorms, Sunday 22nd November 2020
Day Meet, 25 October 2020
Day meet, Sunday 8th November 2020
Day Meet to Glen Affric, Sunday 11 October 2020
Day Meet, Sunday 20 September 2020
Archives
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
July 2015
April 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
October 2014
September 2014
Categories
70th Anniversary
Early days
Events
Meet Reports
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Scroll to top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.