http://islandgems.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Island Gems
Menu
Home
Services
Furniture
Interior
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:Island Gems ("Island Gems") operates islandgems.net and may operate other websites. It is Island Gems' policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Island Gems collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Island Gems' purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Island Gems' visitors use its website. From time to time, Island Gems may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Island Gems also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on islandgems.net blogs/sites. Island Gems only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Island Gems' websites choose to interact with Island Gems in ways that require Island Gems to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Island Gems gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at islandgems.net to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Island Gems are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Island Gems collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Island Gems. Island Gems does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Island Gems may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Island Gems may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Island Gems does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Island Gems discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Island Gems' behalf or to provide services available at Island Gems' websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Island Gems' websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Island Gems will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Island Gems discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Island Gems believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Island Gems, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Island Gems website and have supplied your email address, Island Gems may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Island Gems and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Island Gems takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Island Gems uses cookies to help Island Gems identify and track visitors, their usage of Island Gems website, and their website access preferences. Island Gems visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Island Gems' websites, with the drawback that certain features of Island Gems' websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Island Gems, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Island Gems goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Island Gems may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Island Gems and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Island Gems may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Island Gems' sole discretion. Island Gems encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a islandgems.net account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Get the FREE eBook...Enter your email address and click on the Get Instant Access button.We respect your privacy
edit this page
Social Media
Recent
Top Benefits of Owning a Rental Property
Buying Guide for a Recliner That Gives Maximum Comfort
Top Tips for Choosing an Electric Tankless Water Heater
Decorating and Maintaining a Rental Portfolio
Benefits of Pest Control Service
How to Make the Most of Self-Storage Service
Home Improvement
Pages
About
Contact
Decoration
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Follow me on Twitter
Tweets by @ButlerDavid20