https://italiangreyhoundrescuecharity.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Menu
Skip to content
Home
About Us
Rescue items for sale
Fostering & Rehoming
Info for Vets & Other Rescues
Focus on Health & Welfare
Coronavirus & Your IG
Broken Legs
Recognising Pain in Our Italian Greyhounds
Research into Epilepsy
Request a DNA Testing Kit
Patron and Trustees
Mary Browning
Helen Lister
Helen Rishworth
Neville Bowman
Joanne Amsel
Julie McNaughton
Adrian Bickers
Caring for An IG
Introduction to IGs
If your IG is Nervous
Companionship
Feeding & Nutrition
Exercise
Training
Puppy Training Classes for your IG
Grooming & Maintenance
Keeping your IG’s nails trimmed
Essential Kit!
Italian Greyhounds and Toxic Flea & Tick Prevention/Treatment
Planning ahead
Placing an IG Into Our Care
Emergency Care
Long-Term Adoption
Contact our Rescue Team
Looking for an IG?
Is an IG Right for You?
Adopting an IG
Buying an IG
Register with the Rescue
Support Our Work
Become a Friend of the Rescue
Make a Donation
Leaving a Legacy
Rescue items for sale
Used Stamp Appeal
Wool/Yarn Appeal for making Snuggly Blankets for Rescues
Our IGstravaganza Event on 6 June 2020
Blog
Gallery
10th Birthday Party Photo Gallery
Newsletters from 2005
Contact us
Privacy Policy
The Italian Greyhound Rescue Charity
Privacy Policy
Introduction
1.1. The Italian Greyhound Rescue Charity (IGRC) is committed to protecting the personal information it handles and respecting the privacy of data subjects.
1.2. This Privacy Policy sets out the IGRC’s basis of data handling processes including any personal data that the IGRC collects or any personal date that is provided to the IGCR.
1.3. For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Data Controller is The Italian Greyhound Rescue Charity.
1.4. The IGRC reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time so please refer back occassionally to see any updates or changes to this Policy.
Data Protection Contact
2.1. Any data protection queries should be directed to the IGRC’s Secretary as follows:
2.1.1. info@italiangreyhoundrescuecharity.org.uk
2.1.2. The Italian Greyhound Rescue Charity, Yew Tree Cottage, Near Orrest, Windermere, Cumbria, LA23 1JT
Data Protection Principles
3.1 The IGRC strives to comply with data protection law. GDPR states that the personal information the IGRC hold about must be:
3.1.1 Processed lawfully, fairly and with transparency
3.1.2 Collected only for the specified, legitimate purposes that have been clearly explained
3.1.3 Relevant to the specified purposes and limited only to that which is necessary
3.1.4. Accurate and, when applicable, kept up to date
3.1.5. Retained only for as long as is necessary for the specified purposes
3.1.6. Collected and stored securely.
Data Processed
4.1. The IGRC processes personal data about the following:
4.1.1 Friends of the Charity
4.1.2 Prospective adopters
4.1.3 Adopters of rescue dogs
4.1.4 Foster carers and volunteers
4.1.5 Owners who place rescues in the IGRC’s care
4.1.6 Trustees (current and previous)
4.1.7 General Enquirie
4.2 The IGRC processes personal data including name, address, telephone number, email address, and details relating to a rescue dog (including, but not exclusive to, microchip details, medical cards, registration documents). The legal basis for this processing is the IGRC’s legitimate interests, namely the assistance of rescuing and rehoming Italian Greyhound/Italian Greyhound crosses, providing education and advice, and responding to general enquiries.
4.3 The personal data that the IGRC collects will be provided directly by the data subject themselves either via email enquiry or via the completion of rescue documentation.
Rights of the Data Subject
5.1. GDPR affirms the following rights of Data Subjects (subject to some exemptions):
5.1.1. The right to request access to the personal data that the IGRC holds about a data subject
5.1.2. The right to request rectification of inaccurate/incomplete personal data that the IGRC holds about a data subject
5.1.3. The right to request erasure of the personal data that the IGRC holds, excepting certain circumstances
5.1.4. The right to request restriction of the processing of personal data to limited purposes
5.1.5. The right of data subjects to withdraw consent easily and at any time
5.1.6. The right of data portability and data transfer (applicable in specific conditions only)
5.1.7 The right to object to specific types of data processing.
If a Data Subject wishes to raise a complaint about how the IGRC have handled their personal data, they should contact the Secretary via the details given above.
If the Data Subject is unsatisfied with the response or believe that the IGRC are not processing their personal data in accordance with the law, they can refer to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) (https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/).
How the IGRC will use information
6.1 The IGRC will only use personal information when the law allows, principally in the following circumstances:
6.1.1. When the IGRC needs to perform the contract that they have entered into with the data subject
6.1.2. When the IGRC needs to comply with a legal obligation
6.1.3. When it is necessary for the IGRC’s legitimate interests (or those of a third party), overriding the interests of the data subject
6.1.4. When the IGRC needs to protect the interests of the data subject
6.1.5. When it is needed in the public interest or for official purposes.
6.2 The IGRC will process personal data for contractual necessity in accordance with their aims and objectives as a Charity, and for providing services to Friends of the Charity. The IGRC may also use personal information for additional relevant and related purposes where the data subject might reasonably expect us to do so, where the benefits of doing so are not outweighed by the data subject’s own interests or fundamental rights or freedoms. This may include:
6.2.1. To maintain IGRC records and other administrative purposes, including updating details and preferences
6.2.2. To assist with queries, complaints and dispute resolution
6.2.3. For communications related to the Charity’s activities and Friends membership
6.2.4. To assist with upholding the IGRC’s aims and objectives, taking action in cases where there may be a breach of the Charity’s ethics.
6.3 The IGRC will use personal data specifically as follows:
6.3.1. Friends of the Charity: the IGRC will contact Friends with an annual Newsletter delivered via post as well as sharing Charity updates, event notifications, and subscription reminders.
6.3.2 Prospective adopters: the IGRC will store the personal data submitted by prospective adopters and, only if a suitable rescue becomes available, the IGRC will contact such data subjects.
6.3.3 Adopters of rescue dogs: the IGRC will store the personal data of adopters along with their rescue dog’s data. Such data subjects will have their data shared, only when necessary, with volunteers who assist with a rescue handover to ensure that such processes can be successfully completed.
6.3.4 Foster carers and volunteers: the IGRC will store the personal data submitted by fosterers and volunteers and, when required, the IGRC will contact the such data subjects for their assistance with the fostering/temporary care of a rescue.
6.3.5 Owners who place rescues in the IGRC’s care: the IGRC will store the known personal data of the previous owners of rescue dogs, when provided. This data will only be shared with volunteers who assist with a rescue handover to ensure that such processes can be successfully completed.
6.3.6 Trustees (current and previous): the IGRC stores the personal data of current and previous Trustees in accordance with its obligations as a Charity.
6.3.7 General Enquiries: the IGRC will respond via reply communications to the general enquiries that it receives, via email, post and telephone. Their personal data will not be shared outside of the Charity unless the data subject provides their explicit consent.
Recipients of Data
7.1. The IGRC may use third-party providers to help the Charity provide their services. Personal data may be transferred to such service providers, who act for or on the IGRC’s behalf, for further processing in accordance with the purpose(s) for which the data was originally collected or may otherwise be lawfully processed
7.2. Such third parties have been contracted with the IGRC as data processors under the requirements in the GDPR. They are contractually bound to only use personal data for the agreed purpose(s). Relevant persons working for these third parties will have access to personal data under the terms of the data processor, but only to the extent necessary to perform their services for us.
7.3. These data processors agree to implement reasonable contractual and technical protections, to keep data confidential, not sell personal data to third parties and to not disclose personal data to third parties except as may be required by law, as permitted by us or as stated in this Privacy Policy.
7.4. In appropriate circumstances the IGRC may disclose data to authorised bodies as required by law.
Retaining and deleting personal data
8.1 The IGRC shall not keep personal data for longer than is necessary for the purpose(s) that the data was processed for.
8.2 The IGRC shall retain and delete personal data as follows:
8.2.1 Friends of the Charity: personal data provided by Friends of the Charity via the Friends Application form will be stored for 7 years (or the duration of the person’s membership if longer than 7 years) and only used for charitable purposes. If a Friend does not renew their subscription, their personal data will be stored for 7 years from the date of their Friends Application form, after which their data will be deleted by the IGRC.
8.2.2 Prospective adopters: personal data provided by Prospective adopters via the IGRC’s Adoption Registration form will be stored for 2 years unless the person proceeds to adopt a rescue through the IGRC (please refer to 8.2.3).
8.2.3 Adopters of rescue dogs: personal data of Adopters will be stored for the lifetime of the rescue dog and then for a further 7 years in accordance with the IGRC’s obligations as a Charity.
8.2.4 Foster carers and volunteers: personal data provided by Foster carers via the IGRC’s foster/volunteer documentation will be stored indefinitely or for as long as the Fosterer/Volunteer has offered their services as a volunteer to the IGRC.
8.2.5 Owners who place rescues in the IGRC’s care: personal data of previous owners provided via the Relinquishment Form will be stored for the lifetime of the rescue dog and then for a further 2 years in accordance with the IGRC’s obligations as a Charity. If an owner places a rescue into the IGRC’s care and gives a donation, their personal data will be stored for 7 years in accordance with the IGRC’s obligations as a Charity.
8.2.6 Trustees (current and previous): personal data provided by Trustees via the Trustee Application Form will be stored for the duration of time that the data subject is a Trustee and then for a further 7 years in accordance with the IGRC’s obligations as a Charity, after which ex-Trustees’ names only will be stored on the IGRC’s List of Trustees which the Charity is obliged to keep up to date.
8.2.7 General Enquiries: personal data provided by data subjects who send an enquiry into the IGRC will be held, for example on the email server, for a period of 24 months after which, the original enquiry will be deleted unless it is part of an ongoing communication with the IGRC.
Visitors to www.italiangreyhoundrescuecharity.org.uk
9.1. Cookie information is held on your browser and these can be amended within the visitors’ browser settings at any time.
Contact details
9.1. Please contact the Secretary (refer to Clause 2) if you have any questions or concerns about personal data and privacy matters.
(May 2018)
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Contacts Contact Us by Email
Contact Numbers:
T: 01539 448057
M: 07929 133646 (Emergency only)
Search for:
Browse news by category
Beware of puppy farmers (5)
Finding an Italian Greyhound (3)
Fundraising (2)
Health & Welfare (3)
News about us (1)
Previous Blogs (4)
Rescues (4)
Your help needed (1)
Follow our website
Enter your email address to follow this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address:
Follow
© The Italian Greyhound Rescue Charity 2020. All rights reserved.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.