https://jethostpro.com/privacy-policy/
×
Privacy Policy
JetHost Pro > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect from you, what we do with the information, and our information security practices. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact admin@jethostpro.com
Information
When you sign up for our service, we will ask you to provide contact information such as your name, address, telephone numbers, email addresses, and payment information such as credit card number and expiration date.
We may ask you to complete user surveys, and to provide certain demographic information, such as age, gender, special interests, etc. You do not have to provide this type of information to use our service if you do not want to.
If you contact us for customer support, we may also ask you for information about your operating system, software and other technical matters.
When you visit our Website we will capture your IP Address, time of and duration of visit, and time and duration of the pages on our Website that you view. We may tie this information to the personally identifiable information we have about you.
We will also place a cookie that will identify you to us as a repeat visitor or a customer when you visit our Website. See “What is a Cookie” below. We may tie this cookie to the personally identifiable information we have about you.
If we send you an email, we may include a marker that will allow to identify email that is opened and viewed.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
We will use your personally identifiable information only as follows:
– For payment purposes and to provide customer support;
– To announce special offers or provide other information from time to time via email. We may also send email announcing special offers by our third parties, but we will not provide the third parties with your email address or other personally identifiable information. If you do not wish to receive these emails, you may opt out of future emails at any time by following the instructions included in the email; and
– To improve our service and the marketing of our service. For example, we may use the information we gather from user surveys, demographic data, and Website visits to help us improve or target our Website and customise your visit.
We will not provide any personally identifiable information about you to any other person other than:
– a law enforcement or regulatory agency at their request;
– a person or company who acquires our business;
– third parties who perform services on our behalf (such as payment processing), subject to the third party agreeing with us that it will keep your personally identifiable information confidential; and
– as otherwise needed to protect or enforce or rights or the rights of others.
We absolutely do not transfer or sell your information for inclusion on third party email or other marketing lists.
We will never disclose your data to any third party unless we are required to do so by court or administrative order. Each party retains all right, title and interest in its data, information and intellectual property rights, and nothing in this Agreement is intended to transfer or diminish such rights. We claim no ownership or control over any content submitted, posted or displayed by you on or through our services.
Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may share aggregate statistical data about our customers with third parties, such as advertisers or suppliers. This aggregate statistical data will not identify you personally.
What is a Cookie
A “cookie” is an alphanumeric identifier that is unique to your browser. The cookie will identify your browser to us when you visit our Website so that we may customise your visit.
Security of Your Information
We store your personally identifiable information and payment information in protected environment in encrypted format.
Children’s Privacy
Our service is not available to children under the age of 16, and we will not intentionally maintain information about anyone under the age of 16.
Collection of Information
JetHost PRO obtains and stores specific account information such as your name, address, telephone numbers, email addresses, and payment information such as credit card number and expiration date. We may also record your IP address and any communications addressed to us via email, or the online support portal. We use these records to process billing and technical support for services provided to you. From time to time we will also use this information to notify you of new products or offerings as well as communicate any new discounts or changes in your services. We share limited information with companies who conduct analytical and marketing suppression, such as Google and Facebook, this helps us understand how people are using our website and services.
Access to Information
A user may access and update their information by logging into our client portal located at https://jethostpro.com/clients. For any questions or concerns you may contact our billing department by emailing admin@jethostpro.com.
Opt Out Clause
If you wish to opt out of any non-essential emails, such as notices of new products or services you may contract us with this request via email to admin@jethostpro.com.
Complaints and Dispute Resolution
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of any complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, you can also submit your complaint to arbitration.
Data Retention
JetHost PRO will retain your information for a minimum of the period of time required by law. After you no longer have active services your account information is deleted in accordance with this.
Merger or Acquisition
In the event of a merger or acquisition all personal data and information will be transferred to the new entity.
Policy Date
This policy was updated June 27th, 2018.
DocumentsPrivacy Policy
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Contact Us
Sorry. This form is no longer accepting new submissions.