https://joebiden.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy (Your Privacy Rights)
Last updated July 1, 2020
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by BFPCC, Inc. and any affiliates (“Biden for President,” “we,” or “us”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use the websites, mobile sites, and other online services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Sites”).
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Sites to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Information We Collect About You
We at Biden for President may obtain your personal information through three channels: (1) information you provide directly to us; (2) information we collect automatically when you use the Sites; and (3) information we obtain from other sources.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we may collect information when you fill out a form, send us an email, use our services, purchase merchandise, sign up to receive updates, request information, enter contests or sweepstakes, submit survey responses, make a donation, share a story, submit content, communicate with us via third-party social media sites, or otherwise communicate with us (via the Sites or otherwise). The types of information we collect may include your name, contact information (e.g., email, phone number, and address), payment information, and other contact or identifying information about yourself or others that you choose to provide or authorize to collect.  You are responsible for providing a copy of this Privacy Policy to anyone whose contact or identifying information that you share with us.
In addition, we may collect information as required by the Federal Election Commission (“FEC”). For example, the FEC requires us to collect (and disclose) the name, mailing address, occupation, and employer of all individuals whose donations exceed $200 per calendar year.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Sites
When you access or use our Sites, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information: We log information about your use of the Sites, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Site.
Device Information: We may collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Site, including the hardware model, operating system and version, device identifiers and mobile network information.  We also collect information from your device that you authorize us to collect, such as your contacts for purposes of providing you functionality that allows you to share messages with your contacts. Please consult your device settings for choices you may have to limit our access to this information.
Transactional Information: If you make a donation or purchase, we may collect information about the transaction, such as donation amount, purchase price, product details, and date and location of the transaction.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information automatically. This may include placing on your computer or mobile device cookies that uniquely identify your browser or device. Cookies are small data files used to store information on your device, including to help us to improve our Sites and your experience, see which areas and features of our Sites are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using other tracking technologies such as web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels” or “clear GIFs”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Sites or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine it with information that you provide and that we collect through our Sites. For example, we may receive voter file data from state parties and other Democratic organizations, from publicly available sources, and from private organizations. We may also receive information from a social media site if you connect to us or our Sites through that site.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use your personal information for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Sites and send you confirmations, receipts, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Provide and deliver the information you request or various features or functionalities, process donations and transactions, and send you related information, including confirmations;
Respond to your emails, submissions, comments, questions and requests, provide customer service, ask you to respond to a survey, request feedback, and otherwise contact you about your use of the Sites;
Send you newsletters and otherwise provide you with information or services you request or that we think will be of interest to you, such as sending you information to keep you informed about the campaign, various issues, events, activities, and volunteer opportunities (please see “Your Choices” below for information about how to opt out of certain communications at any time);
Help connect you with other supporters, and solicit volunteers, donations and support for Biden for President and for other candidates, issues and organizations that we support;
Contact you if we need additional information, such as if you leave fields blank on a form or if other information is necessary under Federal election laws;
Remind you to vote and register to vote and assist you in finding your registration information, polling location and campaign events near you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Sites;
Personalize and improve the Sites and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests or that are based on the information you provide or the actions you take;
Notify and contact contest or sweepstakes entrants;
Detect, prevent, and respond to fraudulent transactions, abuse, security issues, and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Biden for President, users of our Sites, and others, including by enforcing our Terms & Conditions; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
Our Information Sharing
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers or volunteers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
With candidates, organizations, campaigns, groups or causes that we believe have similar political viewpoints, principles or objectives or share similar goals and with organizations that facilitate communications and information sharing among such groups;
Subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, in connection with the sale or exchange of your information and related data to a broker or other non-profit or for-profit entity;
With other participants in a joint fundraising committee;
To report required information to the Federal Election Commission, including name, mailing address, occupation, and name of employers of individuals whose contributions exceed $200 in a calendar year (for additional information, visit the FEC website at http://www.fec.gov);
With current and future affiliates, a term that includes organizations, entities, and companies that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with, Biden for President;
When we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or respond to lawful requests, claims or legal authorities, including responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect or defend our rights, protect the safety and security of Biden for President, users of our Sites or others, or to investigate suspected fraud, abuse, security issues, and other illegal activities;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Biden for President, its employees, volunteers, constituents or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any reorganization, formation of new committee or successor organization, asset sale or transfer, financing or lending transaction or in any other situation where personal information may be disclosed or transferred as one of the assets of Biden for President; and
With your consent or at your direction, including if: (1) we notify you through our Sites that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information; (2) you submit content or information on a public area of the site or information that is intended to be shared on the Sites; or (3) you intentionally interact with third-parties on our Sites.
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.
Links to Third-Party Sites
The Sites may make third-party information, advertisements, promotions and other content available on or through the Sites (“Third-Party Content”). Our Sites also may link or otherwise provide access to third-party websites and other products and services outside our control (collectively, “Third-Party Products and Services”). These Third-Party Products and Services may include, for example, event and volunteer registration and management, donation and payment functionality, and other features, functionalities, and services powered by third parties. These Third-Party Products and Services and Third-Party Content are not under the control of Biden for President, and Biden for President is not responsible for the security or privacy of any personal information you share with them. If you use Third-Party Products and Services, those third parties’ collection, use and disclosure of your information will not be subject to this Privacy Policy; rather, it will be subject to their own privacy policies and terms. Exercise caution and review the applicable privacy policies of any Third-Party Product and Service, including those you use in connection with the Sites, before providing them with your personal information.
Social Sharing Features
The Sites may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take on our Sites with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We and third parties that provide content or functionality on the Sites or provide us analytics and advertising services may collect or receive information about your use of the Sites and other websites or mobile applications, including through the use of cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. This information may include, for example, your IP address, browser, device information, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be combined with information collected across different websites, online services, and linked or associated devices to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests and better understand your online activity. For example, this information may be used to allow us to advertise on other websites you visit and other applications you use.
For more information about Internet-based ads, or to opt out of receiving targeted advertising from participating companies, please visit the industry opt-out pages operated by the DAA, at http://www.aboutads.info and by the NAI at http://networkadvertising.org.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third-party flash cookies that may be used in connection with our Sites. To delete or disable flash cookies please visit www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security for more information. If you choose to refuse or delete cookies, you will need to repeat this process if you use another computer or browser. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Site.
Do-Not-Track Signals
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites and other online services with which the browser communicates. There is no standard that governs what, if anything, websites and online services should do when they receive these signals. We currently do not take action in response to these signals. If and when a standard for responding is established, we may revisit our policy on responding to these signals.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails or text messages by following the instructions in those emails or text messages. If you opt out, we may still send you other types of emails, such as those about your use of the Sites or any donations or transactions. Please note that opt-out requests may not take effect immediately and may take a reasonable amount of time to receive, process, and apply, during which time your information shall remain subject to your prior privacy settings. Further, please note that (unless required by applicable law) we may not be able to retrieve or rescind any information provided to third parties prior to your election to opt out.
Mobile Push Notifications and Alerts
With your consent, we may send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.  Recipients of text messages may opt-out of receiving them by replying “STOP” or “OPT OUT” to the mobile message sent by Biden for President.
Security
No data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. As a result, although we take reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that we collect and maintain.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law provides California residents with the right to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  Biden for President provides California residents with a cost-free method to opt out of having personal information shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
If you are a California resident and would like Biden for President to refrain from such sharing, please send your opt-out request to privacy@joebiden.com. Please include “California Privacy Rights Request” as the email’s subject line. In your request, please include your full name, cell phone number and mailing address.
Children’s Privacy
Biden for President does not knowingly contact or collect personal information via the Sites from children under the age of 13 without appropriate parental notice and consent. Further, the Sites are not directed to, or intended to solicit information of any kind from, children under the age of 13.  If we are informed and confirm that we have unintentionally received personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information. For more information about protecting children’s privacy online, you can visit https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/privacy-and-security/children%27s-privacy. Parents who have questions concerning this Privacy Policy or our practices can contact us at privacy@joebiden.com.
Location of Usage of the Sites
Biden for President is based in the United States and the Sites are operated and administered entirely within the United States. The Sites are directed to users who are U.S. residents and this Privacy Policy is intended for them. The information we collect is processed and stored in the United States and is therefore governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Sites or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and disclosure of information in the United States and other countries as described herein.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at privacy@joebiden.com.
Together we can make Donald Trump a one term President and defeat Republicans across the country. Donate today:
$15
$32
$50
$250
Other
$15
$32
$50
Other
About
Joe’s Vision
Meet Joe
Meet Kamala
The Latest
Notes from Joe
Volunteer
Volunteer
Join a Coalition
This will take you off site
How to Vote
This will take you off site
Shop
En Español
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
Medium
Podcast