https://kb3kai.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Projects
J-Pole Antenna Length Calculator
Portable Roll-Up J-Pole Antenna Usage Tips
Stealth Outdoor Ham Radio Antenna
Random Password Generator
Sound Card Packet TNC
Web Hex Color Codes
Pantone Color Codes
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
KB3KAI.com is committed to safeguarding your privacy. Contact us if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you.
By using this site or/and our services, you consent to the Processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Table of Contents
Definitions used in this Policy
Data protection principles we follow
What rights do you have regarding your Personal Data
What Personal Data we gather about you
How we use your Personal Data
Who else has access to your Personal Data
How we secure your data
Information about cookies
Contact information
Definitions
Personal Data – any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Processing – any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data.
Data subject – a natural person whose Personal Data is being Processed.
Child – a natural person under 16 years of age.
Data Protection Principles
We promise to follow the following data protection principles:
Processing is lawful, fair, transparent. Our Processing activities have lawful grounds. We always consider your rights before Processing Personal Data. We will provide you information regarding Processing upon request.
Processing is limited to the purpose. Our Processing activities fit the purpose for which Personal Data was gathered.
Processing is done with minimal data. We only gather and Process the minimal amount of Personal Data required for any purpose.
Processing is limited with a time period. We will not store your personal data for longer than needed.
We will do our best to ensure the accuracy of data.
We will do our best to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of data.
Data Subject’s rights
The Data Subject has the following rights:
Right to information – meaning you have to right to know whether your Personal Data is being processed; what data is gathered, from where it is obtained and why and by whom it is processed.
Right to access – meaning you have the right to access the data collected from/about you. This includes your right to request and obtain a copy of your Personal Data gathered.
Right to rectification – meaning you have the right to request rectification or erasure of your Personal Data that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure – meaning in certain circumstances you can request for your Personal Data to be erased from our records.
Right to restrict processing – meaning where certain conditions apply, you have the right to restrict the Processing of your Personal Data.
Right to object to processing – meaning in certain cases you have the right to object to Processing of your Personal Data, for example in the case of direct marketing.
Right to object to automated Processing – meaning you have the right to object to automated Processing, including profiling; and not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated Processing. This right you can exercise whenever there is an outcome of the profiling that produces legal effects concerning or significantly affecting you.
Right to data portability – you have the right to obtain your Personal Data in a machine-readable format or if it is feasible, as a direct transfer from one Processor to another.
Right to lodge a complaint – in the event that we refuse your request under the Rights of Access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. If you are not satisfied with the way your request has been handled please contact us.
Right for the help of supervisory authority – meaning you have the right for the help of a supervisory authority and the right for other legal remedies such as claiming damages.
Right to withdraw consent – you have the right withdraw any given consent for Processing of your Personal Data.
Data we gather
Information you have provided us with
This might be your e-mail address, name, shipping address, etc – information that is necessary for delivering you a product/service or to enhance your customer experience with us. We use the information you provide to ship a product to you.
Information automatically collected about you
This includes information that is automatically stored by cookies and other session tools. For example, your shopping cart information, your IP address, etc. This information is used to improve your customer experience.
Information sharing
We do not share your information with others.
Publicly available information
We do not gather public information about you, nor is your information shared with the public.
How we use your Personal Data
We use your Personal Data in order to:
Provide a service to you. This includes for example registering your account; providing you with other products and services that you have requested; communicating and interacting with you; and notifying you of changes to any services.
Enhance your customer experience;
Fulfill your product order.
We use your Personal Data on legitimate grounds and/or with your Consent.
On the grounds of entering into a contract or fulfilling contractual obligations, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
To identify you;
To provide you a service or to send you a product;
To communicate either for sales or invoicing.
On the ground of legitimate interest, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
We do not process or analyze personal data for any marketing purpose.
Only with your express consent we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
To send you newsletters and product offers;
For marketing or promotional purposes we have asked your consent for.
Who else can access your Personal Data
We do not share your Personal Data; no one can access your information through us.
How we secure your data
We do our best to keep your Personal Data safe.  We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). We use anonymizing technology where suitable. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks including the use of firewalls, anti-malware and third party security audits.
Even though we try our best we can not guarantee the security of information. However, we promise to notify suitable authorities of data breaches. We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We will do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.
If you have an account with us, note that you have to keep your username and password secret.
Children
We do not intend to collect or knowingly collect information from children. We do not target children with our services.
Cookies and other technologies we use
We use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyze customer behavior, administer the website, track users’ movements, and to collect information about users. This is done in order to personalize and enhance your experience with us.
A cookie is a tiny text file stored on your computer. Cookies store information that is used to help make sites work. Only we can access the cookies created by our website. You can control your cookies at the browser level. Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Necessary cookies – these cookies are required for you to be able to use some important features on our website, such as a shopping cart. These cookies don’t collect any personal information.
Functionality cookies – these cookies provide functionality that makes using our service more convenient and makes providing more personalize features possible. For example, they might remember your name and e-mail in comment forms so you don’t have to re-enter this information next time when commenting.
Analytics cookies – these cookies are used to track the use and performance of our website and services
Advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are relevant to you and to your interests. In addition, they are used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. They are usually placed to the website by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. These cookies remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization.
WordPress cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
PayPal
We use PayPal to process your order with us.  PayPal has their own Privacy Policy which you can review here.
Contact forms
You may voluntarily choose to contact us using an email contact form on this website.  Information provided is gathered to respond to your query.  Your information is held securely, and is never sold, transferred or revealed to any third party.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/.  After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Cookie Removal and Tracking Opt Out
You can remove cookies stored in your computer via your browser settings. Alternatively, you can control some 3rd party cookies by using a privacy enhancement platform such as optout.aboutads.info or youronlinechoices.com. For more information about cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org.
Google Analytics Privacy and Opt Out
We use Google Analytics to measure traffic on our website. Your visit to this website is anonymized, so your individual session cannot be identified or linked in Google Analytics. Google has their own Privacy Policy which you can review here. If you’d like to opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Contact Information
You may contact us here.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make change to this Privacy Policy.  Changes will be posted on this page.
Recent Blog Posts
Upgrade! Yaesu FTM-400XDR Review
Behold: The Venerable Kenwood TW-4000A
The State of Local D-STAR and My Reflections
Programming D-STAR on the ICOM ID-880H
New Rig – ICOM ID-880H Digital 2M/440 Dual Band Mobile