https://keithtullochwine.com.au/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions - Keith Tulloch Wine 1905page-template-default,page,page-id-1905,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,qode_grid_1300,footer_responsive_adv,qode-content-sidebar-responsive,qode-child-theme-ver-1.0.0,qode-theme-ver-10.1.1,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-5.0.1,vc_responsiveTerms and Conditions
Website Acknowledgement and acceptance of General ConditionsThis site is owned and operated by Keith Tulloch (hereafter known as “The Organisation”). Your access to this site is conditional upon your acceptance and compliance with the terms, conditions, notices and disclaimers contained in this document. Your use of, and/or access to, this site constitutes your agreement to be bound by these General Conditions. The Organisation reserves the right to amend these General Conditions at anytime.Ownership of contentThe materials displayed on this site, including without limitation all information, text, materials, graphics, software, advertisements, names, logos and trademarks (if any) on this site (“Content”) are protected by copyright, trade mark and other intellectual property laws unless expressly indicated otherwise.You must not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, frame, upload to a third party, post, transmit or distribute this content in any way except as expressly authorised in writing by The Organisation.You may view this site using your web browser and save an electronic copy, or print out a copy, of parts of this web site solely for your own information, research or study, but only if you keep all Content intact and in the same form as presented on this site (including without limitation all copyright, trade mark and other proprietary notices and all advertisements).You must not use this site or the information on this site in any manner or for any purpose which is unlawful or in any manner which violates any right of The Organisation or which is prohibited by the General Conditions.Advertising and links to other websitesThis site contains links to third party sites. These linked websites are not under the control of The Organisation, and The Organisation is not responsible for the content of any linked web site or any hyperlink contained in a link website. The Organisation provides these hyperlinks to you as convenience only, and the inclusion of any link does not imply any endorsement of the linked website by The Organisation. You link to any such website entirely at your own risk.Disclaimer and limitation of liabilityThe information contained on this site is provided by The Organisation in good faith. The information is derived from sources believed to be accurate and current as at the date indicated in the respective sections of this site. Neither The Organisation nor any of its directors or employees give any representation or warranty as to the reliability, accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do they accept any responsibility arising in any way (including by negligence) for errors in, or omissions from, the information. In the case of goods or services supplied or offered by The Organisation or any of its directors or employees, liability for breach of any implied warranty or condition which cannot be excluded is limited at The Organisation’s option to either:(a) the supply of the goods (or equivalent goods) or services again; or(b) the payment of the cost of having the goods (or equivalent goods) or services supplied again.MiscellaneousThese General Conditions are governed by the law of New South Wales, Australia. Disputes arising from these General Conditions are in the first instance exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales, Australia. The Organisation reserves the right to make changes to this site at any time. Vinum Cellarium Wine Club To activate your membership & receive Member Benefitsyou must purchase a minimum one dozen wines. This will form one dozen of your minimum two dozen annual commitment & will be at Member’s pricesyou are required to purchase a minimum two dozen wines over a minimum 12 month periodyou are required to provide & maintain personal contact details for communication & despatch of winesyou are required to provide & maintain current credit card details to Keith Tulloch Wine to transact up to two dozen wines per annumyou must be over 18 years old & ensure no underage person will take delivery of your winesthe credit card must be that of the MemberIt is a Membership requirement for you toMaintain current contact & credit card details – this can be done online through your Member Login or by contacting the office by email, phone or in person. Twice a year, your member credit card will be debited for the cost of a dozen wines. Keith Tulloch Wine will despatch your selected wine to you as a Member after payment has been taken.Should you move or change delivery address without informing Keith Tulloch Wine, you are aware & accept that additional freight charges will be charged.My Own ChoiceWhere, as a Member, you have selected your “My Own Choice” you are required to advise us by March/August annually of your choice, or your wine delivery will default to a mixed tasting dozen or ‘Repeat of my first order’. However, if you have nominated a Standing Order, this will be charged and sent.Continual MembershipThe minimum Membership commitment is a period of 12 months & a minimum purchase of two dozen wines; this will be automatically renewed at the end of each 12 months for a further term of 12 months.CancellationMust be in writing, be legible, be signed by you as the Member & be forwarded by email, or post & will be accepted only after the initial 12month period. In line with Privacy Laws your details & past Member information will be deleted from our files at this time.Privacy & ContactDue to privacy laws we can only talk with the person nominated as the member unless otherwise advised by that member. Member Event Ticketing Booking policyFull payment is required at time of booking prior to eventThe above will be acknowledged and confirmed by emailWe will only post hard copy tickets where you specifically request. The confirmation of full payment email is your ticket and does not need to be brought with youThe person making any group booking is the person responsible for any cancellation costs. Please pass this information on to anyone you are booking on behalf of.Please be aware that start times are the latest time to arrive.Please advise any dietary requirements at least one week in advanceAny enquiries about events can be made to jessica@keithtullochwine.com.auor by phoning the winery on 02 4998 7500.Cancellation policyPlease notify us as early as possible of unforseen events and where possible we will try to on- sell your ticket and make a full refund. Where this is not possible we reserve the discretionary right to uphold the following cancellation policy.Cancellations made with two week or more notice will be fully refunded where tickets are on-sold, otherwise the refund will be 50%. Cancellations with less than one week’s notice are non-refundable. Please make sure anyone you are booking tickets on behalf of is aware of the cancellations policy.We reserve the right to cancel, reschedule or change events & details at any time. Credit Card Management Keith Tulloch Wine holds your security & privacy in the highest regard. Keith Tulloch Wine will only use your information & credit card for the express purpose for which you provide.When you place an order for products or services, we collect Personally Identifiable Information (such as name, contact and billing information, credit card, and other transaction information). We use this information to deliver your order, process payment, and to communicate with you about the status of your order.Credit card information submitted with your order is used only for payment processing and is not retained on our website. You may request your purchase be shipped by common carrier, in which case, certain information will be shared with the respective carrier for delivery purposes.Security PolicyWhen purchasing from Keith Tulloch Wine, card details are transmitted through a secure server using Westpac PayWay and Customer Vault. Card data is not hosted by Keith Tulloch Wine after processing. Purchasing Wine ReturnsWhere it is mutually agreed by the purchaser & Keith Tulloch Wine that wine is to be returned, Keith Tulloch Wine will collect the wine from the purchaser at an agreed convenient time & place. Pending collection, the purchaser is liable to keep the wine in a safe and proper manner and take reasonable care of it. The wine should be packed in secure padded packaging to avoid breakage in transit for its return back to Keith Tulloch Wine.Wine RefundsPlease choose carefully. We do not normally give refunds if you simply change your mind or make a wrong decision. You can choose between  refund, exchange or credit where goods are faulty or are different to the product purchased on the website.A refund may be available if you make an error in your payment.  Any refunds will be made by credit to the card that is used for the original purchase or payment. If you make an error, please email info@keithtullochwine.com.au or telephone Keith Tulloch Wine on 02 4998 7500. Manager’s Quarters Unwind Hunter Valley manage our accommodation. For the full Terms and Conditions please go to:  http://www.unwindhuntervalley.com.au/terms-conditionsCheck In – Our check in time is after 3pm and check out time is 11am (weekends) or 10am (midweek).unless otherwise arrangedMaximum guests/visitors are 4 (no parties, pre wedding hairstyling, make-up, wedding party preparations allowed)Weekend & Peak Holiday Season bookings – 2 night minimum (weekend being Friday/Saturday or Saturday/Sunday)Smoking is not allowed within the apartment, on the verandahs, or within the grounds of the Estate. Keith Tulloch Wine has a non smoking policy.No private functions without prior consultation & agreement by management. The persons visiting or occupying room/s will not exceed the number of persons indicated on the booking confirmation, unless agreed upon by management.The Manager’s Quarters does not cater to children under 18 years or pets. Wine TastingsIt is an offence to sell or supply or to obtain supply of liquor on behalf of a person under the age of 18 years. Responsible Service of Alcohol; License no. LIQW880010353. Liquor Act 1982.Confirmation and PaymentPre-payment is due to confirm your booking. Numbers MUST be confirmed at this stage. The Standard Tasting fee is not redeemable, the Premium Tasting fee is redeemable on the purchase of 6 bottles of premium wine only. In the event of booking your experience via the Rezdy booking system, your credit card information will be kept for up to 30 days.CancellationAll cancellations must be received via email or by acknowledgment confirmed by a staff member. Where the tasting is canceled less than 24 hours in advance: full payment will be due, or if already taken: will not be refundable. In the occasion of a no-show: you will be charged the full amount, or if already taken: will also not be refundable.Reduction in guest numbers (within reason) will be accommodated up to 24 hours in advance.TimingPlease advise Staff if you are running late. We will not be able to accommodate groups that are 30mins or more late, and your tasting fee will not be refunded. Additional fees and charges may apply.Other ConsiderationsWe do not cater to Hens or Bucks Shows; Intoxicated patrons will be refused service & responsible practice of alcohol will be followed at all timesSmokingKeith Tulloch Wine has a NON smoking policy. Shipping & Delivery Keith Tulloch Wine uses Fastway Couriers, Australia Post and TNT, we aim to deliver within 5 to 7 business days depending on your location. The exception being the Autumn and Spring Wine Club despatches, which have a nominated delivery period annually. Your order can be tracked via the delivery company websites, which is supplied once the order has cleared our internal freight procedure.Shipping costs are influenced by the size and weight of the product and your location. If you are purchasing on our website, exact shipping cost are calculated in the shopping cart and will be added to the order total before checkout.Wines are packed in secure padded packaging, and breakages are rare. If you have not advised us of your delivery instructions, a Calling Card will be left and you will have the option to pick up your package from a depot near you, or arrange an alternate delivery date.We can offer international shipping; with a range of selected destinations, via our selected freight company Get Freighted. Please call our office on 02 49 987500, for a quotation. Private Functions Deposit and BookingsYour booking is accepted upon acceptance of these terms and conditions, with the Event Guidelines addressed below, including payment of deposit and final dues. Tentative function reservations will only be held for a maximum of 14 days from the date of initial enquiry. Management reserves the right to book another client if holding deposit is not received. Menus, pricing and conditions are subject to change to allow for market increases and product availability. Changes will be notified in writing.Insurance / Damage to Facilities and EquipmentAny goods, property or materials brought in by or on behalf of the client are the responsibility of the client and must be removed from the premises by 11am the day following the client’s function. Whilst all necessary care will be taken, Keith Tulloch Wine accepts no responsibility for damage or loss of property left at Keith Tulloch Wine prior, during or after the function. Any excessive or undue breakages of Keith Tulloch Wine equipment and/or property will be added to the final account.Licensing LawsDue to Licensing Laws it is illegal for guests attending a function to bring alcohol onto the premises. These premises operate under a “Drink on Premises” license, and alcohol purchased for consumption at functions can only be consumed onsite and no bottles or part thereof can be taken off the premises. Due to Licensing Laws the consumption of alcohol on the premises must cease after 11.30pm (Monday – Saturday) and after 10pm on Sundays.We practice Responsible Service of Alcohol as required by the law. Guests who do not comply with these legal requirements will be asked to leave the premises immediately.You will be required to identify and take responsibility for managing any problems with guests and unlawful behaviour. This will include managing guests in the event of intoxication, drug-related psychotic-symptoms, general anti-social behaviour or any other risk situation involving Guests on-site.Unlawful activity will be immediately reported to the police.Smoking PolicyKeith Tulloch Wine has a NON smoking policy.Duration of FunctionAll events are booked for a maximum duration of four hours starting from the booked arrival time (including arrival drinks). The labour component of your account is calculated on these hours and therefore any period of time exceeding these hours or after 12pm midnight will incur a surcharge of $200.00 per hour or part thereof.Set Up and DismantleTime prior to and post function for set up and dismantling of equipment, theming, entertainment etc can be arranged after consultation with Management. Depending on the extent and amount of time required some costs may be incurred. Additional charges will apply should the hire of special equipment/facilities be required for the client’s function. The client will be responsible for the cost of any cleaning which exceeds reasonable cleaning requirements for functions in our venue. Event Guidelines Standard Event Hours Breakfast:                  2.0 standard hoursLuncheon:                  2.5 standard hoursMeeting:                     1.5, 3.0, 5.0 or 7.0 standard hour options availableCocktail Party:          2.0 standard hoursDinner:                       4.5 standard hours Room HireA room hire charge applies to the following rooms:Portico $800 (dinner only)WJ Pitsch Tasting Room $800 (lunch), $1,000 (dinner)Private Cellar Door Hire $1,500.00 (from 5.00pm until 12 midnight only)Includes Main Cellar Door, WJ Pitsch Room and VerandaCourtyard $1,000 and/or Fireplace Terrace $1,000Winery Barrel Room $2,500 (availability subject to approval)May include the use of Courtyard or Fireplace Terrace as a bundled optionP.O.A to be discussed with the Events Manager.CateringAny event held at Keith Tulloch Wine will have the option to select one of our preferred external caterers* for the exclusive use of the function. This is including, but not limited to the options listed in the Catering Package.The prices indicated in the Catering Package are inclusive of all food, setup, and waiting service.*Each provider reserves the right to decline or except a function based on their availability.This will be discussed between the Event Manager and the selected caterer once indicated by the client.*Dietary requirements: We request dietary requirements are submitted at least 5 working days prior to your event; if dietary requirements are not advised, we cannot guarantee they will be catered for.Payment ScheduleThe full cost of your selected room will be required to be paid in full as your confirmation deposit. A second payment will be required once food and beverage has been confirmed both by the venue and selected caterer. This payment will be calculated based on 50% of the estimated total cost of the function, and an invoice will be issued by the Event Manager once confirmed by all parties involved.The final payment (with exception to a beverage on consumption agreement) will be required no later than 5working days prior to the event date.CancellationWithin 14 working days prior to the date of the function; the Room Hire deposit is non-refundable.Within 7 working days prior to the date of the function; the second payment of 50% of the estimated cost will also be non-refundable.Within 2 working days prior to the date of the function; 100% of the estimated cost will be invoiced.