https://kittenrescue.org/site-terms
Site Terms & Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Kitten Rescue uses and protects any information that you give to Kitten Rescue when you use this Website. Privacy matters but it can be confusing. This page sets out to explain our approach to privacy on kittenrescue.org (the “Website”) and how it affects you.
Measuring Our Visitors
We measure visitors to our website using Google Analytics. This records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. All of that information is anonymous — so we don’t know who you are; just that somebody visited our site. The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our Website better.
You can learn more about Google Analytics or opt out if you wish.
Cookies
Kitten Rescue may place a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. This cookie does not collect information that personally identifies you as an individual (other than your Internet protocol address), but merely allows us to recognize your repeated visits to kittenrescue.org. We use our cookie collected information to make your visit more enjoyable and so we can continue to improve our Website. If you want to disable cookies, there is a simple procedure in most Internet browsers that allows you to turn off or delete cookies, but please remember that cookies may be required to allow you to use certain features of Kitten Rescue.
Facebook, Twitter and Other Social Networks
These services provide social buttons and similar features which we use on our Website — such as the “Like” and “Share” buttons. To use these, we embed code that third parties provide and we do not control ourselves. To function, these social network buttons generally know if you’re logged in; for example Facebook use this to say “x of your friends like this.” We do not have any access to that information, nor can we control how those networks use it.
Social networks therefore could know that you’re viewing this Website, if you use their services (that isn’t to say they do, but their policies may change). As our Website is remarkably inoffensive, we imagine this is not a concern for most users.
Emails
We may send you email notifications or newsletters if you have specifically requested such by signing up for our emails. You have the ability to opt out of any of this communication at any time. We will never provide your personal information or email address to any third parties except where they are specifically employed to help deliver our own services, as detailed above.
Links to Other Websites
The Kitten Rescue Website (kittenrescue.org) may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our Website, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Disclosing Information to Outside Parties
We never share your data with 3rd parties except to help us deliver our own services. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We do share it with trusted third parties who assist us in operating our Website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Website policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property or safety.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Our Website content is suitable for kids of all ages, although our services are primarily targeted towards people 18 years of age or older.
Disclaimer
While Kitten Rescue makes every effort to ensure that the content of this Website is accurate, the Website is “as is” and Kitten Rescue makes no representations or warranties in relation to the accuracy or completeness of the information found on it. While the content of kittenrescue.org is provided with the utmost care and attention, we do not warrant that the information will always be up to date, be true and not misleading, or that this site will always (or ever) be available for use. This also includes any legal information related to cookie usage on websites.
Kitten Rescue takes many precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of any of your personal information. Whilst we take great care to ensure any confidential information remains protected, we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the Internet.
We do not warrant that the servers that make this Website available will be error, virus or bug free and you accept that it is your responsibility to make adequate provision for protection against such threats. We recommend scanning any files before downloading.
Updates to This Policy
Kitten Rescue may change this policy from time to time, particularly as technology changes. You can always check this page for the latest version. This policy is effective from May 1, 2017 onward.
Any Questions?
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your personal data, please email us here or you may send correspondence to Kitten Rescue, 3519 Casitas Ave., Los Angeles, CA, 90039, USA.