https://knockhatch.com/privacy-policy
Heads up!We are re-opening on Thursday 3rd December 2020. ALL TICKETS MUST BE PURCHASED ONLINE. Tickets are available to book online now up until 31st December 2020. See the 'Know Before You Go' page below for more details...
Buy Tickets
Buy Tickets
Home
Know Before You Go
Tickets & Prices
Prices & Book
Annual Pass
Gift Vouchers
Party
Schools & Groups
Father Christmas Grotto
Explore
Play Indoors
Play Outdoors
Animals
Attraction Upgrades
Quadapillar Ride & Display Times
Events
Experiences
Meerkat Experience
Owl Experience
Animal Keeper Experience
Food & Drink
Help & Info
Access Statement
FAQs
Find us
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Knockhatch Adventure Park is a family-owned run business that is committed to maintaining the confidence and trust of visitors to our website. We understand that online privacy is an important factor for users of our website, especially when purchasing tickets, gift cards or any other services that may be transacted at any time. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site (“visitors”) who visit without making a transaction and visitors who register to purchase tickets, experiences and services via the website (“customers”) and make use of the various services offered by the Knockhatch Adventure Park website. It also covers other interactions that may take place either prior to or during your visit.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and ensuring we meet our obligations under the Data Protection Act 2018.
Types of Data we collect:
Ticketing Data:
When you purchase tickets, season tickets, any specific events/activities or gift cards(s) through the Knockhatch Adventure Park website your name, address data, email and contact phone number and in the case of Annual Pas Holders a photograph will be stored in our centralised computer system, supplied by myonlinebooking.co.uk. You may, of course, purchase a ticket (or Experience or Annual Pass) in person without supplying the aforementioned personal data. Please be assured that we do not share your personal details with any other company without your express consent.
Help Centre Data:
When you submit a query via our Contact page your name and email address will be stored in our database hosted by mjsmedia.co.uk. Their Privacy Policy can be viewed on their website.
Website Cookies:
For further information, please see our Cookies Policy.
Mailing Lists:
You will be entered on to our mailing list if you have “opted in” at the time of purchasing tickets via our website, signing up to receive our newsletter or by any other express means of agreeing to be entered onto our mailing list. As part of our “opt in” process we will collect certain aspects of personal information. We use such information for the following reasons: to advise you about specific news, events & competitions you have requested us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are correct and to periodically check that you’re happy and satisfied with the service received. We will not, under any circumstances trade or sell contact lists with other organisations or businesses.
We use a third-party provider, Mailchimp.com which is separate from our main database to deliver our email newsletters and any other information we deem suitable. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to assist us in monitoring and improving our e-newsletter and associated mailings. For more information, please refer to mailchimp.com privacy policy. You can unsubscribe from newsletters or mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our newsletters or email communications or by emailing our Data Protection Officer at info@knockhatch.com.
Google Analytics:
When someone visits www.knockhatch.com we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this in order to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone individually. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Wi-Fi:
When you visit Knockhatch Adventure Park you may decide to take advantage of our free guest Wi-Fi. (Knockhatch_Guest In order to utilise this service we will request certain pieces of information that will be stored securely about:
Your email addressYour first nameYour surnamedevice;your usage by access time, frequency and location. Where we need to comply with a legal or regularity requirement.the volume of data which you use;the websites and applications which you access; andWe use a third-party solution provider, The Chalvington Group. The Wireless Network is provided by operator.com.For more information, please refer to operator.com privacy policy.
What Personal Data do we Collect?:
All personal data that we collect about you will be recorded, used and protected by us in accordance with applicable data protection legislation and this privacy policy.
Identity Data: Includes title, first name, last name, and username.Contact Data: May include billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers. This will vary dependent on the type of booking being made and how this is executed.Transaction Data: Includes details of products and services you have purchased from us.Technical Data: Includes your internet protocol (IP) address. We may collect information about your computer including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type for system administration. This is statistical data about users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual. Your IP address may also be used to monitor visitor traffic patterns and site usage. Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.Usage Data: Includes information about how you use our website, products and services.Marketing and Communications Data: Includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.Where do we collect your Data?:
We may collect and process personal data from you as follows:
Directly from yourself when you interact with us in the following ways:Use our websiteEmail our officeUse our onsite Wi-FiYou send us correspondence by email, letter or telephone. This includes data gained via: Online interactions. This data is automatically collected when you interact with our website. The data allows us to monitor and improve our online services. The data is collected using cookies and server logs. Please see our cookie policy for further details.CCTV. We operate a number of CCTV cameras across the Park for operational and security purposes.Web cameras - some Animal Enclosures will be live-streaming to facebook.com/knockhatch & www.youtube.com/user/KnockhatchAdventure.Any personal data that may be relayed via a telephone exchange, message or voicemail.You make use of our First Aid facilities whilst at Knockhatch Adventure Park.Any miscellaneous transactions that may take place from time to time ie Attraction Upgrades.Children under the age of 17:
We do not intentionally intend to collect information from and market to children under the age of 17 years of age. Children under the age of 17 years will not be able to participate in competitions nor sign up to receive marketing communications from us. If you sign up to receive marketing materials from us we will proceed on the basis that you are over 17.
How do we use your Personal Data:
We will use your data in the following ways:
To meet our contractual obligations to you when you purchase tickets either online or at the Knockhatch Adventure Park. This includes communicating with you about your purchase both before and after your visit.To update you on any products or events you have expressed an interest in.To send a questionnaire after your visit to determine how this was enjoyed.To respond to any correspondence you send to us.The use of contact and identity data should you choose to enter into any competitions or prize draws.We use a third-party solution provider, Insight6, for questionnaires, surveys and staff training n, please refer to insight6.com privacy policy.
Marketing Communications:
We will only send you marketing communications i.e. newsletters with your consent, requested at the point of you providing your data and based on your preferences and interests. You may update your preferences or unsubscribe by following the links on any marketing communication sent to you or by emailing info@knockhatch.com at any time.
Who we share your data with and why:
Please be assured that we will never sell your data to third party organisations. However, we do partner with a number of companies that are required to support certain functions where we may need to share your personal data with these third parties in relation to fulfilling our contractual obligations to you. We have specific agreements with these companies with regards to them fulfilling their obligations with respect to maintaining the security of the data they hold and ensuring they comply with the relevant Data Protection Regulations. With respect to our guests the relevant third parties are as follows:
On-site Wi-Fi: operator.com via The Chalvington Group
Ticketing Systems: via BOS ticketing system supplied by myshoppingbasket.com
How do we protect this information?:
We take all reasonable precautions to attempt to ensure our website and IT systems are as secure as possible and using the latest technology available. Our website has a current SSL certification and our online payment system is fully PCI DSS compliant.
Links to other Website:
Our privacy policy does not cover the links within our site linking to other third party websites. We cannot be responsible for your protection and privacy when visiting such websites. We therefore encourage you to read the privacy statements on these websites before entering any personal information.
How long do we hold your data?
For online transactions we will retain your personal data for the current year + 6 years after the last interaction with your account. We will only retain any other personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for including the satisfying of any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
Your Rights:
Under the data protection laws, you have the following rights in relation to your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of them in relation to the personal data we hold about you, please contact info@knockhatch.com or write to the Data Protection Officer, Knockhatch Adventure Park, Hailsham Bypass, Hailsham, East Sussex, BN27 3GD
Right of access: you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.Right of rectification: you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.Right to be forgotten: in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.Right to restriction of processing: where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.Right of portability: where relevant you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.Right to object: you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.Right to object to automated processing: including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.Right to judicial review: in the event that we refuse your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why.Right to withdraw consent.Concerns and Complaints:
If you have any concerns or complaints regarding our data processing approach in relation to your own personal data, please contact info@knockhatch.com in the first instance. Your communication will be acknowledged and then responded to within 1 month.
If you are not satisfied with the outcome you can raise your concern with the Information Commissioner’s Office. For information on how to contact them, visit www.ico.org.uk/concerns
Changes to this Privacy Notice:
We will keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 27th May 2020. We may revise this policy at any time. knockhatch.com is registered with the ICO. https://ico.org.uk/.