http://koa.com/privacy/
Skip to main content
Connect
Connect with KOA
At KOA, we love having fun and inviting new folks to join us online as well as at our campgrounds. Share your camping experiences, stories, photos and videos!
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
KOA Newsletter
Each month, direct to your email inbox, we'll send the best camping news, tips, recipes and more, to enhance the camping lifestyle that you love so much.
Learn More
Email Address*
First Name*
Last Name*
Country*
United States
Canada
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia-Hercegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Rep
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Island
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, Democratic Rep
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
England
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard And Mcdonald
Holland
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic Of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao (Macau)
Macedonia (Skopje)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Ireland
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia
Soviet Union
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Kitts-Nevis Islands
St. Lucia
St. Pierre And Miguel
St. Vincent And The Grenadines
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan May
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
US Minor Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican CITY
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, US
Wales
Wallis And Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe
State/Province
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon
Sign Up
Blog
KOA App
The KOA Camping App
Plan the perfect trip from home or on the road with the official KOA app. Learn More
Buy A Koa
Recent
LoginEntrer
LoginEntrer
OR
Register
Login
Find a Campground
Find, Plan, and Save
KOAs in the US
KOAs in Canada
Find by Region
Find by State/Province
All Campgrounds
Trip Planner
Hot Deals
Where do you want to go?
Find a KOA:
Find
Nearby KOAs
Find Nearby KOAs: Enter Zip or City, State
Find
Or...
Find Location Automatically
Camping at KOA
The KOA Difference
KOA Journey Campgrounds
KOA Holiday Campgrounds
KOA Resort Campgrounds
Cabin Camping
KampK9®
Value Kard Rewards
Work Kamper Program
Caring for Our Communities
National Events
Get the KOA App
KOA Journey - Gateway to Adventure
KOA Holiday - Basecamp for the Great Outdoors
KOA Resort - The Destination for Recreation
Great weekends to camp and save at KOA. KOA Care Camps Big Weekend and VKR Appreciation Weekend.
Ways To Stay
Overview
RVing
Cabin Camping
Tent Camping
Lodging
Unique Lodging
Glamping
KOA Patio®
Groups
Extended Stays
Pull-thrus, back-ins, patio sites and great locations. Relax, you're with friends.
4,000+ Deluxe Cabins and Camping Cabins are camper friendly, even for the novice.
Tent camping made better, because KOA amenities are right down the path.
Airstreams, cabooses, tepees, and other unique places to lay your head.
Rewards Program
Deals & Coupons
Overview
Hot Deals
Geico RV Insurance
Essex Credit
KOA RV RoadHelp
DISH Outdoors
Outdoorsy
Value Kard Rewards
KOA Gift Cards
GEICO offers outstanding coverage, great service and low rates for your RV.
Your Value Kard Rewards includes RV rental discounts and special incentives on RV loans.
Special deals for KOA campers on the finest and most competitive RV financing.
Resources
Camping Recipes
RV Services
RV Information
Work Kamper
KOA is your source for campfire cooking ideas! Plan your camping menu here
Looking for an RV service shop, RV dealer, or RV rental in the U.S. or Canada? Find it here
Hundreds of KOA campground job opportunities for those who love the RV camping life
Connect
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
KOA Newsletter
Each month, direct to your email inbox, we'll send the best camping news, tips, recipes and more, to enhance the camping lifestyle that you love so much.
Learn More
Blog
KOA App
Own A Koa
Recent
Our Privacy Policy
Share
Kampgrounds of America, Inc. (“we” or “us”) respects the importance of the privacy of your Personal Information, which means information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us. This Privacy Policy discloses privacy practices for information we collect at our campgrounds and on the website www.koa.com (the “Site”). It gives you notice regarding:
Personal Information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we may share it
Choices you may make regarding our use of your data
Security procedures we use to protect your Personal Information from misuse
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your Personal Information
Security and retention of your Personal Information
Links to other websites
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Country-specific requirements
By using, browsing, or accessing the Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Your visit to the Site and any dispute over privacy are subject to the Terms of Use, including limitations on damages and application of the law of the State of Montana, U.S.A. Use of this Site is strictly voluntary. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use for the Site, you must immediately log off the Site and may not use it.
Territories
We host the Site currently on servers located within the United States, but the locations of our servers may change from time-to-time, and your Personal Information may be stored on servers located within the United States, Canada, or in another country. Further, our franchisees may maintain individual websites in the country or territory they service.
Privacy requirements and treatment of Personal Information varies from country to country. To meet these requirements, we have included certain “Country-Specific Privacy Notices” as part of this Privacy Policy. You may locate the Country-Specific Privacy Notices at the end of this Privacy Policy.
BY SUBMITTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE WORLD. IF YOU ARE SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION OF THIRD PARTIES TO US, YOU WARRANT AND REPRESENT YOU HAVE THEIR CONSENT TO PROVIDE THEIR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US AND WILL HOLD US HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST CLAIMS BY SUCH INDIVIDUALS RELATING TO OUR USE OF SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION WITHIN THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We collect your computer’s Internet protocol (IP) address, which you necessarily disclose when you visit the Site so that our computer may send data (such as the web pages you request) to your computer. The Site utilizes “cookies,” which are anonymous, unique identifiers that web pages on the Site may use to store data on your computer or send data to our web server. We may use cookie data to “recognize” you when you visit the Site in the future, to troubleshoot how the Site operates, and for internal analysis of how people use the Site. Should you decide not to accept cookies from the Site, you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit the Site.
We receive and may store Personal Information you enter on the Site or give to us in any other way, such as at a campground. For example, we collect information that you voluntarily give us by e-mail, by conducting business with us on this Site, or by registering on this Site or in person to camp at a KOA campground. If you choose to share any Personal Information with us, you will see that the amount and type of Personal Information required by us depends on the activity you are engaging in. For example, to reserve a campsite, you must provide contact information (such as name, address, and telephone number) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). We use this information to bill you or to fulfill your reservation or other purchase. If we have trouble processing your reservation or other purchase, we will use this information to contact you.
We may use the Personal Information you provide for particular activities, including, without limitation, processing your reservation; processing your credit card payment; collections; customer service; marketing and research; providing services, product, promotional and other information to you with your consent; and to contact you regarding administrative notices. We may share this information with our franchisees and with marketing partners, advertisers, and other parties with whom we collaborate to provide specific services to you. When you sign up for certain services, we will share names, or other contact information necessary for the third party to fulfill your order or intent to obtain the service or services. For example, we must release your credit card information to credit card authorization service providers and our credit card-acquiring (merchant) bank to process your payment for purchases.
We may share Personal Information with our franchisees. We may rent this information to parties who promote the outdoor recreation and hospitality industry and related products and services, using means and practices we approve. We do not speak for our franchisees in this policy statement, because they independently own and operate their campgrounds. Likewise, we do not speak for third parties to whom we rent your Personal Information.
While we attempt to be selective in working with such third parties, we are not responsible for their use of your Personal Information. Each franchisee’s and third party’s privacy policy will govern how that franchisee or third party uses and protects your Personal Information.
From time-to-time, we request information on the Site via surveys, sweepstakes, or contests. Participation in these surveys, sweepstakes, or contests is voluntary, and you may choose whether to participate and therefore disclose information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address) and demographic information (such as zip code or age level). We use contact information to notify sweepstakes and contest winners and award prizes. We use survey information to monitor and improve the use and satisfaction of this Site and your camping experience at KOA campgrounds.
We do research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us during your use of the Site or our campgrounds and may aggregate the data collected. Aggregated data does not include Personal Information. We may share this aggregate information with vendors, potential advertisers, business partners, or other third parties.
We may disclose information in any of the following circumstances: (1) in response to a subpoena, search warrant, court order, or other legal process or request, or as may otherwise be required by applicable law or regulation; (2) to protect and defend our rights or property or those of its affiliates, dealers, business partners, or others; or (3) as we, in our sole discretion, believe is appropriate under exigent circumstances in response to a perceived threat to the personal safety, property, or rights of any person or organization. Since our database is a business asset, in the event we are reorganize or sell the business or agree to merge with another company, you consent to the sale, assignment, or transfer of your Personal Information to a purchaser of all or substantially all of our business assets, or to an affiliate, as applicable.
Unless you ask us not to, you consent to our contacting you via e-mail in the future to tell you about specials, new camping opportunities, new services, or changes to this Privacy Policy. We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through e-mail.
Your Access to and Control of Information
You may opt out of any future communications from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the e-mail address or phone number given on our Site:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change or correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
We will respond to reasonable requests within the time limits established by applicable law or within a reasonable time if applicable law does not establish a time limit. For your protection, we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will provide the information you request and correct or delete any inaccurate Personal Information you discover. We reserve the right, however, to limit or deny your request, to the extent permitted by applicable law, if: (1) the disclosure may threaten the personal safety, property, or rights of any other person or organization; (2) the disclosure may lead to a violation of applicable laws or regulations; or (3) where you have failed to provide sufficient evidence to verify your identity.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information and the security of your information is important to us. We will comply with our credit card merchant banks’ requirements for the use and storage of your credit card information, such as obligations concerning the security of your credit card numbers, as well as any laws that apply to the use and storage of that information.
Although we cannot guarantee against loss, misuse, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or destruction of data, we use commercially reasonable security measures to protect you from such occurrences. You acknowledge that: (1) there are security and privacy limitations in computer systems and on the Internet which are beyond our control; (2) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through the Site cannot be guaranteed; and (3) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with by a third party while such information or data is being used, transmitted, processed, or stored.
Retention of Your Personal Information
We keep your Personal Information only as long as we need it for the purposes for which it was originally collected (or to which you have subsequently consented) or for other legitimate purposes (such as regulatory compliance), or as permitted by applicable law.
KOA values your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. If you would like to view the personal information held by KOA, Inc. or would like your personal information to be removed from KOA, Inc. systems you may submit a request by Clicking Here.
Our Relationship to Other Sites That Can Be Accessed Through This Site
This Site may contain links to other websites. Additionally, other websites may contain links to this Site. We do not review or monitor the websites linked to this Site and is not responsible for the contents or privacy policies related to any other websites. If you visit one of these other websites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that website.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy, completely or in part, from time to time through the posting of notices on the Site, at any time and without notice to you, that this Privacy Policy has changed (“Notices”). You expressly waive any right to receive Notices. You should check the Site frequently for Notices to identify modifications of the Privacy Policy that may be of interest to you. Any use of the Site following the date on which we implement changes to this Privacy Policy or post a Notice constitutes your acceptance of all such changes.
If you have concerns about this Privacy Policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-888-562-0000 or via e-mail at questions@koa.net.
Country-Specific Privacy Notices
Canada
KOA complies with the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) and substantially similar provincial laws and regulations.
Accountability.
We are responsible for your Personal Information under our control. We have appointed a Chief Privacy Officer who is accountable for our compliance with this Privacy Policy. Any inquiries should be directed to by mail addressed to Kampgrounds of America, Inc., Attn: Chief Privacy Officer, TWIII Building, 4th Floor, Billings, MT 59101 U.S.A., or by e-mail at questions@koa.net.
Purposes.
We collect Personal Information for the purposes listed above and we may share your Personal Information with the third parties listed above under the heading “Information Collection, Use, and Sharing.” We will post Notices outlining any new purpose for the use of your Personal Information. Your failure to object to such uses shall be deemed to be your consent to the use of your Personal Information for the new purposes so indicated. In the event we intend to use your Personal Information for a purpose unique to you, we will obtain your specific consent for the use of your Personal Information for that purpose.
Consent.
When you access the Site or request services from us, whether directly or through our representatives, affiliates or franchisees, KOA will deem you to have consented to the use of your Personal Information for the purposes set forth above. In the event we wish to utilize your Personal Information for purposes unique to you, other than those listed above under the heading “Use of Your Personal Information,” we will obtain your consent as identified in the section entitled “Purposes” above.
Disclosure and Retention. We will collect and use your Personal Information only in the manner and for the uses set forth above in the section entitled “Purposes” and only for so long as may be set forth under the heading “Retention of Your Personal Information”.
Accuracy. We strive to maintain the accuracy and completeness of your Personal Information. You may ask us to correct information contained within our records. Request for correction must be made in writing to by mail at Kampgrounds of America, Inc., Attn: Chief Privacy Officer, TWIII Building, 4th Floor, Billings, MT 59101 U.S.A.
Safeguards. We take reasonable precautions to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction as set forth above in the under the heading “Security.”
Individual Access. Upon your request, we will disclose to you whether we have any of your Personal Information in our possession. Written requests should be direct to Kampgrounds of America, Inc., Attn: Chief Privacy Officer, TWIII Building, 4th Floor, Billings, MT 59101 U.S.A. We will provide you with a written response explaining the use of your Personal Information and the organizations to which we disclosed it. You may correct or amend any Personal Information if you believe it is inaccurate or incomplete. We specifically reserve the right to deny you access to your Personal Information if that would likely reveal personal information about a third party or otherwise are of the opinion that the disclosure of your Personal Information would be objectionable pursuant to Section 9 of PIPEDA. We will either provide you with access to your Personal Information or object to your access within thirty (30) days of our receipt of your request.
Amendments to Our Privacy Policy. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as set forth under the heading “Changes to Privacy Policy.” Complaints. If you have a complaint concerning our collection or use of your Personal Information, please contact the Kampgrounds of America, Inc., Attn: Chief Privacy Officer, TWIII Building, 4th Floor, Billings, MT 59101 U.S.A., or by e-mail at questions@koa.net. We will attempt to respond to and resolve those complaints to your satisfaction.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) / Copyright Policy
Kampgrounds of America, Inc. User Generated Content Terms of Use
Find a KOA
KOAs in the US
KOAs in Canada
Oh My, There's Nothing Here!
That doesn't mean this area has to always be empty. When you start reviewing camping options, your history will display here to help compare sites and find the best stay. You will be able to share your stay information with friends or family and save it for a later time if you have a KOA.com Account.
Close Window