http://koleksi-koi-lokal.blogspot.com/2008/05/koi-carp-collection-healthy-koi-privacy.html
Sunday, May 25, 2008
KOI CARP COLLECTION - The Healthy Koi Privacy Statement
What follows is the Privacy Statement for all KOI CARP COLLECTION - The Healthy Koi websites (a.k.a. blogs) including all the websites run under the koleksi-koi-lokal.blogspot.com/ domain.Please read this statement regarding our blogs. If you have questions please ask us via our contact form.Email AddressesYou may choose to add your email address to our contact list via the forms on our websites. We agree that we will never share you email with any third party and that we will remove your email at your request. We don’t currently send advertising via email, but in the future our email may contain advertisements and we may send dedicated email messages from our advertisers without revealing your email addresses to them. If you have any problem removing your email address please contact us via our contact form.Ownership of InformationKOI CARP COLLECTION - The Healthy Koi is the sole owner of any information collected on our websites.Comments/Message BoardsMost KOI CARP COLLECTION - The Healthy Koi websites contain comment sections (a.k.a. message boards). We do not actively monitor these comments and the information on them is for entertainment purposes only. If we are alerted to something we deem inappropriate in any way, we may delete it at our discretion. We use email validation on most of our message boards in order to reduce “comment spam.” These email addresses will not be shared with any third party.CookiesCurrently we assign cookies to our readers in order to save their preferences. This data is not shared with any third party. Accessing our websites is not dependent on accepting cookies and all major browsers allow you to disable cookies if you wish.Third Party CookiesMany of our advertisers use cookies in order to determine the number of times you have seen an advertisement. This is done to limit the number times you are shown the same advertisement. KOI CARP COLLECTION - The Healthy Koi does not have access to this data.Traffic ReportsOur industry-standard traffic reporting records IP addresses, Internet service provider information, referrer strings, browser types and the date and time pages are loaded. We use this information in the aggregate only to provide traffic statistics to advertisers and to figure out which features and editorials are most popular.Legal proceedingsWe will make every effort to preserve user privacy but KOI CARP COLLECTION - The Healthy Koi may need to disclose information when required by law.Business TransitionsIf KOI CARP COLLECTION - The Healthy Koi is acquired by or merges with another firm, the assets of our websites, including personal information, will likely be transferred to the new firm.LinksKOI CARP COLLECTION - The Healthy Koi websites frequently link to other websites. We are not responsible for the content or business practices of these websites. When you leave our websites we encourage you to read the destination site’s privacy policy. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by MagznetworkNotification of ChangesWhen KOI CARP COLLECTION - The Healthy Koi makes changes to this privacy policy we will post those changes here.Contact InformationIf you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
Posted by
ars
at
12:36 AM
Newer Post
Older Post
Home
Link Exchange
koi2 ~
blog ~
Chatca
GoStats stats counter
Blogs
Subscribe in a reader
Blogarama
Blog Directory - Directory, reviews and more. Your one-stop blog spot!
KOI CARP COLLECTION - The Healthy Koi
All About Koi Fish / Koi Carp
PROLOGUE
Here's you can find more article about Koi Fish. Get your life happiness with Koi Fish.
SUBSCRIBE
Enter your email address:Delivered by FeedBurner
KOI FISH
The Koi Fish is very beautiful. It's colour feature that had various colours and it's movement are elegant.
KOI CARP ONLINE
Loading...
Blog Archive
September (3)
March (18)
May (1)
December (1)
May (1)
April (2)
March (7)
January (1)
December (2)
November (21)
October (13)
September (10)
August (10)
Privacy Policy