https://labs4rescue.com/privacy.shtml
Labs4rescue"Save a Lab, have a friend for life!"
Search Tips
Privacy Statement
About Labs4rescue:
This is the web site of Labs4rescue, Inc.
Our registered web site domains are: labs4rescue.com, labs4rescue.dog, labs4rescue.net, and labs4rescue.org.
Our postal address is: Labs4rescue, Inc., PO Box 955, Killingworth, CT 06419.
Click here to contact us by email.
Information Collection and Use:
Labs4rescue collects information voluntarily provided by our users at several different points on our web site.
They are our adoption, foster, and volunteer applications.
The data provided on these forms are used only by Labs4rescue Inc. to process the application(s).
All or part of an applicant's adoption application may be shared with a home visit volunteer and/or foster parent in order to determine an applicant's suitability for adopting a dog from Labs4rescue.
All or part of an applicant's foster application may be shared with a home visit volunteer in order to determine an applicant's suitability for fostering a dog for Labs4rescue.
If the dog you are adopting or fostering needs to be transported to your area, your contact information will be provided to one of our authorized transportation companies so they can contact you in the event the transport is delayed.
Labs4rescue is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We do not sell, share, or rent this information to others.
Server Logs:
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
For each visitor to our Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes only the user's domain name, but not the e-mail address.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Cookies:
An HTTP or Web cookie, is a parcel of text sent by a server to a web browser and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server. Many web sites use cookies for authenticating, tracking, and maintaining specific information about users.
Web Beacons:
Web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to count users who have visited certain web pages to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded on web pages and in messages.
The Labs4rescue Affiliate Shops page may use web beacons in connection with its affiliate sites. The Labs4rescue mailing lsits may use web beacons to determine if a subscriber opens a specific email message relayed by the list.
E-mail Correspondence and Mailing Groups:
Labs4rescue uses the email address provided by adoption applicants to communicate with applicants as we determine their suitability for adopting and to assist applicants during the adoption process.
Foster families, who agreed to join the foster mailing list when submitting their foster application, will receive our weekly list of Labs available for fostering.
All adoption contracts are sent to adopters via e-mail.
Adopters who agreed to join the adopters mailing list when submitting their adoption application, are added to our adopters mailing group upon adopting a dog so they may receive periodic updates about events and fundraising promotions.
You can unsubscribe or remove your email address from a mailing group by following the unsubscribe instructions supplied at the bottom of each e-mail sent via the mailing group.
Adopters and Foster Parents may also receive emails from our Home Visit Coordinators requesting their assistance performing a nearby home visit in order to determine an applicant's suitability for adopting a dog from Labs4rescue.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
Links to Other Web Sites:
This web site contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that Labs4rescue is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Other Web Sites Maintained by Labs4rescue:
In addition to the registered web site domains (labs4rescue.com, labs4rescue.dog, labs4rescue.net, and labs4rescue.org), Labs4rescue maintains web sites on Adopt a Pet.com, Cafe Press, Facebook, Petfinder.com, Pinterest and Twitter.
Please be aware that Labs4rescue is not responsible for the privacy practices of Adopt a Pet.com, Cafe Press, Facebook, Petfinder.com, Pinterest and Twitter.Labs4rescue was certified by the PayPal Giving Fund (formerly known as MissionFish) in 2006 (click here to view our Giving Fund certification) to sell items on eBay and to receive proceeds donated by sellers in the eBay community through the Giving Fund program.
Items for sale by Labs4rescue are only listed under the eBay ID "ctlabs4rescue."
Any other eBay IDs containing the term "labs4rescue" are not affiliated with Labs4rescue.Any other sites displaying the name Labs4rescue and/or its logo are not maintained by the rescue.
If you become aware of such a web site or want to check our relationship with that web site, please click here to contact us by email.
Changes to this Statement:
From time to time, we may use site visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time with or without notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, please contact us at the above addresses.
Last updated: Saturday, January 5, 2019.
Print This Page.
E-mail this page.    Like us on Facebook.    Follow us on Twitter.
Labs4rescue, Inc., P.O. Box 955, Killingworth, CT, 06419.
| Contact Us | Privacy Statement | Site Map | Terms of Use |
|