https://lactalis.ca/privacy/
Skip Navigation Links
main anchor
PRIVACY POLICY Please read this Privacy Policy very carefully before using this site. The website or micro website you have entered is operated by or on behalf of Lactalis Canada Inc. At Lactalis Canada we are committed to protecting your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about Lactalis Canada’s practices relating to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information that may be provided through access to or use of our websites or that may otherwise be collected by us (e.g., from consumers via direct mail, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, and in-store promotions). For clarity, the information may be collected by us directly or indirectly through our business and service partners (including our affiliates acting in this capacity) we engage to administer our services and marketing initiatives (examples include: agencies administering our contests or agencies/companies engaged to administer and co-sponsor our promotions). This Privacy Policy also tells you what to do if you do not want your personal information collected and how you can change or delete information you have already provided to us. PERSONAL INFORMATION Privacy legislation in Canada defines “personal information” broadly as any information about an identifiable individual. In general, personal information does not include business contact information, including your name, title or position, business or business e-mail address, telephone and facsimile number. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT Among other reasons, Lactalis Canada collects and retains information for the purposes of conducting market research, promotional activities, contests, surveys and mailings. Examples of personal information collected by Lactalis Canada are:
contact information (such as name, address, e-mail address and telephone number in a non-business capacity); and on an optional basis, demographic information (such as age, gender, education and occupation).
Lactalis Canada uses your personal information for the following purposes:
to develop and maintain our relationship with you and to communicate with you; to address your inquiries or respond appropriately; to develop and improve our products, services and websites and to advise you about new products and services that may be of interest to you; to satisfy Lactalis Canada’s legitimate business interests (for example, conducting market studies and trend analysis and generating aggregate data and reports which record consumer behaviour as a whole); to inform you of promotional events; to subscribe to newsletters, mailings and fill out surveys; to register you for sweepstakes, contests and other interactive online activities, and to notify the winners and award prizes; and to protect our business interests and the interests of our consumers, and to generally meet requirements imposed by law.
WHEN WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Except with your consent, we will not sell, share, license, trade or rent your personal information to others. Lactalis Canada may disclose personal information to third parties, such as suppliers, advertising or promotional agencies, engaged to assist us in providing services to you or to carry out one or more of the purposes described above. Lactalis Canada may transfer personal information to outside agents or service providers (including to our affiliates acting in this capacity) (“service providers”) that perform services on our behalf, helping us operate our business and this website. For example, mailing, call center, marketing, information technology and/or data hosting or processing services or similar services for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, may collect, use, disclose, store or process personal information on our behalf for the purposes described above and in this Policy. These service providers may be located outside of Canada (including in the United States) and your personal information may be collected, used, disclosed, stored and processed in the United States or elsewhere outside of Canada for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We take reasonable, contractual, and other measures to protect your personal information while processed or handled by these service providers. These measures are subject to legal requirements in Canada, the United States and other foreign countries applicable to these service providers, for example, lawful requirements to disclose personal information to government authorities in those countries. We protect your personal information with appropriate security measures, and we require our suppliers, service providers, advertising and promotional agencies to do the same. Lactalis Canada reserves the right to co-operate fully with local, provincial and federal officials in any investigation relating to any personal information (including private electronic communications transmitted on any Lactalis Canada website) or any purported unlawful activities. Lactalis Canada reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer personal information with our related, affiliated or subsidiary companies and any successors and assigns, and to a third party in the event of a proposed or actual sale, merger or other transfer of the assets or shares of Lactalis Canada or a division thereof, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the principles expressed in this Privacy Policy and the information does not constitute all or substantially all of the assets being transferred. KNOWLEDGE AND CONSENT Lactalis Canada collects personal information only when you voluntarily provide it. If you don’t want us to have access to your personal information, please do not provide it while using our site (or other interactions with us). You may withdraw consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact Lactalis Canada at privacyofficer@ca.lactalis.com. Lactalis Canada will inform you of the implications of withdrawing consent. COOKIES A cookie is a small file written to your computer’s hard drive containing information that a website creates when you visit it, such as your IP address, browser type, or domain name. Also, if you submit personal information to our website (such as your name, interests or preferences), we may use cookies to keep track of such information so that you will not need to re-enter this information during subsequent visits. We use cookies to customize delivery of our website content so that we can see which areas are popular and which may need improvement. Lactalis Canada does not share personal information obtained through cookies with any third parties except as provided in this Policy. You may set your Internet browser preferences to notify you when you receive a cookie or decline acceptance of cookies. If you decline acceptance of cookies, however, you may experience less than optimal performance of our website. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Lactalis Canada makes all commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information collected from you is protected against loss and unauthorized access. Access to your personal information is restricted to selected Lactalis Canada employees or representatives. In addition, Lactalis Canada employs generally accepted information security techniques, such as firewalls, access control procedures and cryptography, to protect personal information against loss and unauthorized access. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Lactalis Canada retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY Lactalis Canada believes that it is very important to protect the privacy of children and encourages parents or guardians to spend time with their children to participate in and monitor their activities. Lactalis Canada does not intend to collect personal information from children, except on some of our children’s websites. We only collect the information necessary for the child to participate in the program for which he or she is registering. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES Our website may offer links to other websites which Lactalis Canada does not control. You should be aware that operators of linked websites may also collect your personal information (including information generated through the use of cookies) when you link to their websites. Lactalis Canada is not responsible for how such third parties collect, use or disclose your personal information, so it is important to familiarize yourself with their privacy policies before providing them with your personal information. These websites are provided for your convenience and by including such websites Lactalis Canada is not implying that it endorses or recommends them. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Lactalis Canada reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at anytime without notice. The Privacy Policy posted at any time or from time to time via this website shall be deemed to be the Privacy Policy then in effect. ACCESS Lactalis Canada is committed to protecting your privacy. Please do not hesitate to write to us if you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or to do any of the following:
to see personal information you have already sent us so that you can correct or update it; to ask that we delete your personal information from our records; to ask that we not send you mailings or otherwise contact you; and to report any violations of the Privacy Policy.
In certain circumstances when you request that Lactalis Canada access your personal information, Lactalis Canada may need to charge you a reasonable fee to cover administrative costs incurred by Lactalis Canada to address your request. We will endeavour to ensure that such fee (if any) is minimal and we will always provide an estimate in advance of you incurring any such fees. CONTACTING US In the event that you have any questions about Lactalis Canada’s Privacy Policy or if you have reason to believe that Lactalis Canada may have failed to adhere to this Privacy Policy, you may contact us in writing at: PRIVACY OFFICER Lactalis Canada 405 The West Mall, Suite 1000 Toronto, Ontario Canada M9C 5J1 - or - Email: privacyofficer@ca.lactalis.com Please note that any comments, suggestions or materials provided to Lactalis Canada shall be deemed to be of a non-confidential and non-proprietary nature (becoming the property of Lactalis Canada upon Lactalis Canada’s receipt of same) and Lactalis Canada shall be entitled to use and distribute such comments, suggestions or materials to any other parties and for any other purposes, including, but not limited to, developing and marketing products and/or services incorporating or based on any such comments, suggestions or materials.