http://landwehroutfitters.com/privacy-policy/
Introduction
Landwehr Outfitters (we? or ?us?) values its visitors? privacy. This privacy policy is effective June 1, 2015. it summarizes what information we might collect from a registered user or other visitor (?you?), and what we will and will not do with it.
Please note that this privacy policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies that Landwehr Outfitters does not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by Landwehr Outfitters. If you visit a Web site that we mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with information.
What we do with your personally identifiable information
It is always up to you whether to disclose personally identifiable information to us, although if you elect not to do so, we reserve the right not to register you as a user or provide you with any products or services. ?Personally identifiable information? means information that can be used to identify you as an individual, such as, for example:
your name, email address, phone number, billing address, and shipping address
Our web server also records the following information in log files, which is not personally identifiable:
Internet Protocol addresses (IP)
Types of browser
Internet Service Provider (ISP)
Date and time stamp
Referring and exit pages
Number of clicks
and
session data for your visiting session, so that our web server can ?talk? to your computer while you are using the site.
If you do provide personally identifiable information to us, either directly to us or through a reseller or other business partner, we will:
not sell or rent it to a third party without your permission ? although unless you opt out (see below), we may use your contact information to provide you with information we believe you need to know or may find useful, such as (for example) news about our services and products and modifications to the Terms of Service;
take commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction;
not use or disclose the information except:
as necessary to provide services or products you have ordered, such as (for example) by providing it to a carrier to deliver products you have ordered;
in other ways described in this privacy policy or to which you have otherwise consented;
in the aggregate with other information in such a way so that your identity cannot reasonably be determined (for example, statistical compilations);
as required by law, for example, in response to a subpoena or search warrant;
to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information confidential;
as necessary to enforce the Terms of Service;
as necessary to protect the rights, safety, or property of Landwehr Outfitters, its users, or others; this may include (for example) exchanging information with other organizations for fraud protection and/or risk reduction.
Other information we collect
We may collect other information that cannot be readily used to identify you, such as (for example) the domain name and IP address of your computer. We may use this information, individually or in the aggregate, for technical administration of our Web site(s); research and development; customer- and account administration; and to help us focus our marketing efforts more precisely.
Cookies
Like nearly all websites using WordPress, this site stores ?convenience? cookies on your computer whenever you leave a comment. The cookies record the name, email address, and URL that you enter when you submit a comment so that you won?t have to re-type that info the next time you leave a comment.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics tool I use to help understand how visitors engage with this website. It reports website statistical trends using cookies and web beacons without identifying individual visitors. You can read more at the Google Analytics Privacy Overview.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licencors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
If you set up your Web browser (for example, Internet Explorer or Firefox) so that cookies are not allowed, you might not be able to use some or all of the features of our Web site(s).
Other
When leaving a comment, users must submit a name and email address. To combat spam, the WordPress website platform also records the IP address of anyone submitting a comment.
External data storage sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted. (I.e. when you contact us the information you send is stored in our email at Gmail)
Your privacy responsibilities
To help protect your privacy, be sure:
to take customary precautions to guard against ?malware? (viruses, Trojan horses, malware, etc.), for example by installing and updating suitable anti-virus software, and anti-malware software.
Notice to European Union users
Landwehr Outfitters’ operations are located primarily in the United States. If you provide information to us, the information will be transferred out of the European Union (EU) to the United States. By providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described herein.
Information collected from children
You must be at least 13 years old to use Landwehr Outfitters’ Web site(s) and service(s). Landwehr Outfitters does not knowingly collect information from children under 13. (See the U.S.?Children?s Online Privacy Protection Act.)
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy as we deem necessary or appropriate because of legal compliance requirements or changes in our business practices. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Questions or comments?
If you have questions or comments about Landwehr Outfitters’ privacy policy, contact us via any of the ways described in the Contact Us page at http://landwehroutfitters.com/contact-us/ of Landwehr Outfitters’ website.
Thank you for choosing Landwehr Outfitters!
This document was last updated on June 11, 2015