https://lawhaha.com/privacy/
Contact
McClurg Bio
About Lawhaha
Tortland
About Tortland
Interesting Tort Cases
Spot the Tort
Warning Labels
2012 Spot the Tort Contest
Strange Judicial Opinions
About Strange Judicial Opinions
Grown Up Content
Animals
Cranky Judges
Eccentric Judges
Frustrated Judges
Lambasted Lawyers
Literary Judges
Weird Facts
Pop Culture
Religion
Poetic Judges
Sports
Unusual Parties or Witnesses
Hall of Fame Judges
Hall of Fame Cases
Judicial Dilemmas
Family Matters
Curious Legal Issues
Bickering Lawyers
Legal Writing
Culinary Cases
Law School Stories
About Law School Stories
Clerking Stories
Exam Madness
Famous Cases & Doctrines
First-Year Follies & Foibles
Hodgepodge
Interview Faux Pas
Legal Research, Writing & Advocacy
Practical Jokes
Socratic Mishaps
Those Lovable, Quirky Professors
Legal Oddities
About Legal Oddities
Correspondence
Miscellaneous
Patents
Pleadings & Other Documents
Statutes & Ordinances
Legal Mythbusters
Harmless Error
All Harmless Error Columns
About Harmless Error
Suzy Spikes Columns
Publications
Books
Law Review Articles
The World's Greatest Law Review Article
Legal Education
Privacy, DMCA, and Other Legal Stuff Your Privacy
Lawhaha.com–edited by a law professor who teaches and writes about privacy law–considers privacy to be important.  Lawhaha.com does not intentionally share your personal information with anyone without permission (see below for assumed permission to post the names of persons making content submissions).
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy and Collection of Personal Information
We don’t foresee a lot of kids visiting Lawhaha.com, but if they do, we’re supposed to tell you, and it’s true, that Lawhaha.com does not intentionally collect personal information from anyone, regardless of their age.
If you contact us, you’ll be asked to fill in a field with a name and email address.
If you make a submission to Lawhaha.com, such as a  Strange Judicial Opinion, Law School Story or Legal Oddity, let us know if you don’t want your name posted with it.  We appreciate submissions and like to thank people for them.
Beyond that, we don’t try to collect any information, although you should know that whenever you go on the web or to any website, lots of other folks are collecting and aggregating your data.
Links to Third-Party Websites
This site includes links to other sources.  Lawhaha.com is not responsible for the privacy policies of those sites.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of this privacy policy may be altered at any time without notice. If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, contact us.
Use of Images on Lawhaha.com–DMCA Info
As a somewhat educational, non-profit, non-commercial site dedicated to parody, satire, and other humor, Lawhaha.com claims fair use protection under copyright law when it borrows images for use in connection with posts. Thanks for your good humor and understanding.
Of course, it is our policy to respond to any infringement notice and take appropriate action under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable intellectual property law.
If you find an image on Lawhaha.com to which you own the copyright and object to the image being used, contact us using the Contact link and we’ll remove it. If the issue is only that the image lacks proper attribution, please consider simply sending us the appropriate credit info, which we’ll be happy to add. Then it’s win-win for everyone.
Before making removal requests, please remember that Lawhaha.com is a tasteful, good-natured, educational, noncommercial site. We’re just trying to add a little legal lightness and levity to the world.
Permissions Requests
In the spirit and tradition of the Grateful Dead, Lawhaha.com usually will grant free permission to reprint items from Lawhaha.com to noncommercial publication vehicles, provided that proper attribution is given. Send permissions requests via the Contact link found at the top of every page.
Search Lawhaha
Andrew Jay McClurg is a law professor whose teaching and research interests include tort law, products liability, legal education, privacy law and firearms policy. He holds the Herbert Herff Chair of Excellence in Law at the University of Memphis Cecil C. Humphreys School of Law.
Learn more...
Funny Law School Stories
For all its terror and tedium, law school can be a hilarious place. Everyone has a funny law school story. What’s your story?
Strange Judicial Opinions
Large collection of oddball and off-the-wall judicial opinions and orders.
Product Warning Labels
A variety of warning labels, some good, some silly and some just really odd. If you come encounter a funny or interesting product warning label, please send it along.
Tortland
Tortland collects interesting tort cases, warning labels, and photos of potential torts. Raise risk awareness. Play "Spot the Tort."
Weird Patents
Think it’s really hard to get a patent? Think again.
Legal Oddities
From the simply curious to the downright bizarre, a collection of amusing law-related artifacts.
Spot the Tort
Have fun and make the world a safer place. Send in pictures of dangerous conditions you stumble upon (figuratively only, we hope) out there in Tortland.
Legal Education
Collecting any and all amusing tidbits related to legal education.
Harmless Error
McClurg's twisted legal humor column ran for more than four years
in the American Bar Association Journal.
Books
1L of a Ride: A Well-Traveled Professor's Roadmap to Success in the First Year of Law School
The 'Companion Text' to Law School: Understanding and Surviving Life with a Law Student
Practical Global Tort Litigation: United States, Germany and Argentina
Gun Control and Gun Rights
The Law School Trip: The Insider's Guide to Law School
Amicus Humoriae: An Anthology of Legal Humor
SelectedLaw ReviewArticles
Preying on the Graying: A Statutory Presumption to Prosecute Elder Financial Exploitation
Fight Club: Doctors vs. Lawyers - A Peace Plan Grounded in Self Interest
Neurotic, Paranoid Wimps - Nothing has Changed
Kiss and Tell: Protecting Intimate Relationship Privacy Through Implied Contracts of Confidentiality
Dead Sorrow: A Story About Loss and A New Theory of Wrongful Death Damages
A Thousand Words are Worth a Picture: A Privacy Tort Response to Consumer Data Profiling
The Public Health Case for the Safe Storage of Firearms: Adolescent Suicides Add One More 'Smoking Gun'
Armed and Dangerous: Tort Liability for the Negligent Storage of Firearms
Good Cop, Bad Cop: Using Cognitive Dissonance Theory to Reduce Police Lying
Poetry in Commotion: Katko v. Briney and the Bards of First-Year Torts
The Tortious Marketing of Handguns: Strict Liability is Dead, Long Live Negligence
Bringing Privacy Law Out of the Closet: A Tort Theory of Liability for Intrusions in Public Places
The Rhetoric of Gun Control
It’s a Wonderful Life: The Case for Hedonic Damages in Wrongful Death Cases
Your Money or Your Life: Interpreting the Federal Act Against Patient Dumping
Logical Fallacies and the Supreme Court: A Critical Analysis of Justice Rehnquist's Decisions In Criminal Procedure Cases
Home | Privacy, DMCA, and Other Legal Stuff | Site Map
Copyright © 2020 Andrew J. McClurg
All Rights ReservedPowered by WordPress & Atahualpa
Pin It on Pinterest