https://lawhaha.com/satirical-legal-dictionary/#respond
Contact
McClurg Bio
About Lawhaha
Tortland
About Tortland
Interesting Tort Cases
Spot the Tort
Warning Labels
2012 Spot the Tort Contest
Strange Judicial Opinions
About Strange Judicial Opinions
Grown Up Content
Animals
Cranky Judges
Eccentric Judges
Frustrated Judges
Lambasted Lawyers
Literary Judges
Weird Facts
Pop Culture
Religion
Poetic Judges
Sports
Unusual Parties or Witnesses
Hall of Fame Judges
Hall of Fame Cases
Judicial Dilemmas
Family Matters
Curious Legal Issues
Bickering Lawyers
Legal Writing
Culinary Cases
Law School Stories
About Law School Stories
Clerking Stories
Exam Madness
Famous Cases & Doctrines
First-Year Follies & Foibles
Hodgepodge
Interview Faux Pas
Legal Research, Writing & Advocacy
Practical Jokes
Socratic Mishaps
Those Lovable, Quirky Professors
Legal Oddities
About Legal Oddities
Correspondence
Miscellaneous
Patents
Pleadings & Other Documents
Statutes & Ordinances
Legal Mythbusters
Harmless Error
All Harmless Error Columns
About Harmless Error
Suzy Spikes Columns
Publications
Books
Law Review Articles
The World's Greatest Law Review Article
Legal Education
Satirical Legal Dictionary February 26th, 2020
NOT Black’s Law Dictionary
From the cold lands of Minnesota, comes lawyer Adam Johnson and his work-in-progress satirical legal dictionary found here, titled Deuce-Ace’s Law Dictionary.” It contains helpful definitions like this one:
adultery. 1. to act upon instinct. 2. a proximate cause of manslaughter.
Always happy to promote legal humor, I asked Adam to write an introduction to his work:
When one contemplates the idea of a legal dictionary – which one probably is not in the habit of doing of a quiet evening, but whatever – Black’s invariably comes to mind. That profuse work by Henry Campbell Black continues to dominate the legal lexicographical field. It is a seminal work, and this humble writer would not deny Professor Garner that claim. Black’s achievement is magnificent and its ubiquity is self-evident. It is relied on by the Alaskan judge, the weary Floridian student of law and the hack divorce lawyer in Billings. Thousands of copies fall from shelves yearly in all the blessed states of the union. We should rejoice in such an authoritative voice.
Yet there is a certain natural gloominess in the amalgamation of lexical authority in a single source: an almost inorganic limitation, if one may be so bold as to make such an unclear claim. At times it is necessary for the mutterings of another, if only to second or oppose a motion. Language is a thing argued over interminably by lawyers, and it is unfortunate that no Burrill, Kinney, Wharton, Bouvier or Mouldycastle has arisen in this century to add their say about words. True, there is Ballentine’s and Oran’s, both capable and extensive works, and Webster’s has made a go of it. But the field is wanting of something more.
A successful lexicographical work is sometimes that which arises from frank observation. It is simply candor at its truest, or not. It is the unfiltered examination of words by conventional understanding. It is stuff.
I reckon there are those pedants who won’t suffer Dr. Deuce-Ace’s work ab ante, but it is not for them he wrote. It adduces truth through farce, in a way, I suppose, perhaps, maybe. There are on the one hand mockeries and simple jests, while on the other serious relations of latent truths, or something. Scholarly square-toes will find much objectionable about the dictionary, as will the somber office drudge. This because the bloody thing wasn’t written for the serious type, but for your average mouth-breather, such as yours truly.
Dr. Deuce-Ace’s dictionary is a thing to be chuckled at over toilet-rites, not cited in a paper. It should sit on a ceramic tank – it should not rest on a cherry shelf. It is unconcerned with being authoritative simply because it is anti-authority and altogether brief. It needs no defenders because it is so patently in the wrong. It is a twaddling little bit of burlesque fit for the easy eyes of a man or woman at their leisure. It is, in fine, a bit of butter fat, nothing more. It is what it is, and it doesn’t pretend to be what it is not. And even if it were what it is not, it would still be what it is. At the very least, we may comfort ourselves with these final aspects of it.
Thanks, Adam!
Categories: Miscellaneous | Leave a comment
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
You can use these HTML tags
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>
Name
Email
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Search Lawhaha
Andrew Jay McClurg is a law professor whose teaching and research interests include tort law, products liability, legal education, privacy law and firearms policy. He holds the Herbert Herff Chair of Excellence in Law at the University of Memphis Cecil C. Humphreys School of Law.
Learn more...
Funny Law School Stories
For all its terror and tedium, law school can be a hilarious place. Everyone has a funny law school story. What’s your story?
Strange Judicial Opinions
Large collection of oddball and off-the-wall judicial opinions and orders.
Product Warning Labels
A variety of warning labels, some good, some silly and some just really odd. If you come encounter a funny or interesting product warning label, please send it along.
Tortland
Tortland collects interesting tort cases, warning labels, and photos of potential torts. Raise risk awareness. Play "Spot the Tort."
Weird Patents
Think it’s really hard to get a patent? Think again.
Legal Oddities
From the simply curious to the downright bizarre, a collection of amusing law-related artifacts.
Spot the Tort
Have fun and make the world a safer place. Send in pictures of dangerous conditions you stumble upon (figuratively only, we hope) out there in Tortland.
Legal Education
Collecting any and all amusing tidbits related to legal education.
Harmless Error
McClurg's twisted legal humor column ran for more than four years
in the American Bar Association Journal.
Books
1L of a Ride: A Well-Traveled Professor's Roadmap to Success in the First Year of Law School
The 'Companion Text' to Law School: Understanding and Surviving Life with a Law Student
Practical Global Tort Litigation: United States, Germany and Argentina
Gun Control and Gun Rights
The Law School Trip: The Insider's Guide to Law School
Amicus Humoriae: An Anthology of Legal Humor
SelectedLaw ReviewArticles
Preying on the Graying: A Statutory Presumption to Prosecute Elder Financial Exploitation
Fight Club: Doctors vs. Lawyers - A Peace Plan Grounded in Self Interest
Neurotic, Paranoid Wimps - Nothing has Changed
Kiss and Tell: Protecting Intimate Relationship Privacy Through Implied Contracts of Confidentiality
Dead Sorrow: A Story About Loss and A New Theory of Wrongful Death Damages
A Thousand Words are Worth a Picture: A Privacy Tort Response to Consumer Data Profiling
The Public Health Case for the Safe Storage of Firearms: Adolescent Suicides Add One More 'Smoking Gun'
Armed and Dangerous: Tort Liability for the Negligent Storage of Firearms
Good Cop, Bad Cop: Using Cognitive Dissonance Theory to Reduce Police Lying
Poetry in Commotion: Katko v. Briney and the Bards of First-Year Torts
The Tortious Marketing of Handguns: Strict Liability is Dead, Long Live Negligence
Bringing Privacy Law Out of the Closet: A Tort Theory of Liability for Intrusions in Public Places
The Rhetoric of Gun Control
It’s a Wonderful Life: The Case for Hedonic Damages in Wrongful Death Cases
Your Money or Your Life: Interpreting the Federal Act Against Patient Dumping
Logical Fallacies and the Supreme Court: A Critical Analysis of Justice Rehnquist's Decisions In Criminal Procedure Cases
Home | Privacy, DMCA, and Other Legal Stuff | Site Map
Copyright © 2020 Andrew J. McClurg
All Rights ReservedPowered by WordPress & Atahualpa
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
LinkedIn