https://lawhaha.com/legal-oddities/statutes-and-ordinances/
Contact
McClurg Bio
About Lawhaha
Tortland
About Tortland
Interesting Tort Cases
Spot the Tort
Warning Labels
2012 Spot the Tort Contest
Strange Judicial Opinions
About Strange Judicial Opinions
Grown Up Content
Animals
Cranky Judges
Eccentric Judges
Frustrated Judges
Lambasted Lawyers
Literary Judges
Weird Facts
Pop Culture
Religion
Poetic Judges
Sports
Unusual Parties or Witnesses
Hall of Fame Judges
Hall of Fame Cases
Judicial Dilemmas
Family Matters
Curious Legal Issues
Bickering Lawyers
Legal Writing
Culinary Cases
Law School Stories
About Law School Stories
Clerking Stories
Exam Madness
Famous Cases & Doctrines
First-Year Follies & Foibles
Hodgepodge
Interview Faux Pas
Legal Research, Writing & Advocacy
Practical Jokes
Socratic Mishaps
Those Lovable, Quirky Professors
Legal Oddities
About Legal Oddities
Correspondence
Miscellaneous
Patents
Pleadings & Other Documents
Statutes & Ordinances
Legal Mythbusters
Harmless Error
All Harmless Error Columns
About Harmless Error
Suzy Spikes Columns
Publications
Books
Law Review Articles
The World's Greatest Law Review Article
Legal Education
Butterflies are Free in Pacific Grove, CA December 10th, 2011
In Pacific Grove, California, under a city ordinance, tourist monarch butterflies have a right to “peaceful occupancy” during their annual convention there.
Even if the butterflies are swarming one’s home, interfering with occupancy and use, they can only be removed to another location on application to the police. Here’s the ordinance:
11.48.010 Interference With Prohibited.
It is declared to be unlawful for any person to molest or interfere with, in any way, the peaceful occupancy of the monarch butterflies on their annual visit to the city of Pacific Grove, and during the entire time they remain within the corporate limits of the city, in whatever spot they may choose to stop in, provided, however, that if said butterflies should at any time swarm in, upon or near the private dwelling house or other buildings of a citizen of the city of Pacific Grove in such a way as to interfere with the occupancy and use of said dwelling and/or other buildings, that said butterflies may be removed, if possible, to another location upon the application of said citizen to the chief of police.
You can see it coming. A massive class action asserting equal protection claims on behalf of other bugs similarly situated under rapidly descending rolled-up newspapers and clouds of poison gas.
Seriously though, it’s a good law. Every year, monarch butterflies take up residence in Pacific Grove as part of their migration south. They winter in Mexico, after traveling 2500 miles, the only insect to accomplish such a feat. Pretty impressive.
— City of Pacific Grove, CA Ord. 210 N.S. §§ 8-3060, 1952. Thanks to Lihwei Lin.
Categories: Statutes & Ordinances | 6 comments
Famous Wacky Law Exposed as Not-So-Wacky November 25th, 2011
Don't tie a giraffe - or any other animal - to a lamp post in Vermont.
Have you ever read about that “bizarre” Vermont statute that prohibits tying giraffes to lamp posts? I’ve seen references to it in books and in far too many forwarded emails.
When David Tartter came across it, he had a novel idea: he actually looked it up. Guess what he found? The statute prohibits tying any animal to a lamp post. While giraffes technically are included, it’s doubtful the law would have assumed its legendary “wacky” status if it were reported as a statute that prohibited tying, say, dogs to lamp posts.
Here’s the actual statute:
A person who wilfully and maliciously breaks the glass about a street lamp or gaslight, or a lamp or gaslight in the grounds about a public building, or, without authority, lights such a lamp or gaslight or extinguishes the same when lighted, or in any manner interferes therewith, or injures any part of the fixtures supporting such lamp or gaslight, or defaces the same by painting or posting notices thereon, or fastens a horse or animal thereto, shall be imprisoned not more than three months or fined not more than $50.00, or both.
13 V.S.A. section 3785
If anyone discovers other legal humor mythbusters, please send them in.
— Thanks to David Tartter.
Categories: Legal Mythbusters, Statutes & Ordinances | Leave a comment
What’s Next? No Splitting Hairs? October 16th, 2011
From University of Illinois law librarian Paul D. Callister came news of an Illinois law, House Bill 3086, that would amend the Illinois Criminal Code to ban the “splitting of tongues” except by licensed physicians or dentists and then “only if there is a therapeutic or clinical procedure for performing the procedure.”
What is “tongue-splitting”? Pretty much what it sounds and looks like. According to the statutory definition, it “means the cutting of a human tongue into 2 or more parts.” Why this procedure is so popular that legal sanctions are required to prevent its apparently rampant medically unnecessary use is mysterious. Seems understandable the legislature wouldn’t want people cutting other people’s tongues into parts unless there was a “therapeutic or clinical” need for it. On the other hand, citizens arguably have a constitutional liberty interest in splitting their tongues just for the heck of it (assuming they’re competent and sober when the procedure is performed).
Paul wryly observed that “[a]pparently, politicians may still speak with forked-tongues, but it is illegal to facilitate the practice among the general population without proper licensing and establishing medical necessity.”
— Illinois House Bill 3086.
Categories: Legal Oddities, Statutes & Ordinances | Leave a comment
California Ordinance Bans “Boobie Pillows” October 16th, 2011
Not a "boobie pillow" (Lawhaha.com is family friendly.)
Patrick Strader reports that he came upon this California ordinance banning “boobie pillows” accidentally, while searching under “B” in the code index for something more mundane–“Bills of Lading” or perhaps “Boards or Commissions.” Of course, he had to stop and look it up.
9.12.010 Public sales of articles depicting female breasts.
A. Finding of Fact Leading to Enactment.
Residents of the county have petitioned the board of supervisors of the county to prevent persons who display, sell or offer to sell upholstered or stuffed articles depicting, simulating or caricaturing female breasts from vending such articles at sites adjacent to and near county highways. …
The petitioners have represented, and the board of supervisors finds, that (unlike indecent and vulgar displays in movies, newspapers, television and other places, the offensiveness of which can be prevented or controlled by turning off the set, canceling a subscription, declining to purchase, or nonattendance) the hawking of those articles named by its vendor and sold as “boobies pillows” along the public highways is a species of indecency and vulgarity which cannot be ignored or controlled by passersby, which assails the eyes and minds of all who are required to use county highways, and which should be barred and controlled for the peace, safety and welfare of the unincorporated areas of the county.
B. Display and Sale Banned Within One Thousand (1,000) Feet of Highways.
No vendor shall vend stuffed articles depicting the female breasts (sold as “boobie pillows”) within one thousand (1,000) feet of any county highway.
C. Regulation of Display More Than One Thousand (1,000) Feet from Highways.
No vendor shall vend stuffed articles depicting the female breasts (sold as “boobie pillows”) anywhere in the unincorporated area of the county unless: [elaborate conditions are enumerated]
Violations are a misdemeanor punishable by a fine of not more than five hundred dollar ($500.00) or imprisonment in the county jail for not more than ninety (90) days, or both. Each day of violation constitutes a separate offense. Residents can now sleep easily.
Categories: Legal Oddities, Statutes & Ordinances | Leave a comment
Search Lawhaha
Andrew Jay McClurg is a law professor whose teaching and research interests include tort law, products liability, legal education, privacy law and firearms policy. He holds the Herbert Herff Chair of Excellence in Law at the University of Memphis Cecil C. Humphreys School of Law.
Learn more...
Funny Law School Stories
For all its terror and tedium, law school can be a hilarious place. Everyone has a funny law school story. What’s your story?
Strange Judicial Opinions
Large collection of oddball and off-the-wall judicial opinions and orders.
Product Warning Labels
A variety of warning labels, some good, some silly and some just really odd. If you come encounter a funny or interesting product warning label, please send it along.
Tortland
Tortland collects interesting tort cases, warning labels, and photos of potential torts. Raise risk awareness. Play "Spot the Tort."
Weird Patents
Think it’s really hard to get a patent? Think again.
Legal Oddities
From the simply curious to the downright bizarre, a collection of amusing law-related artifacts.
Spot the Tort
Have fun and make the world a safer place. Send in pictures of dangerous conditions you stumble upon (figuratively only, we hope) out there in Tortland.
Legal Education
Collecting any and all amusing tidbits related to legal education.
Harmless Error
McClurg's twisted legal humor column ran for more than four years
in the American Bar Association Journal.
Books
1L of a Ride: A Well-Traveled Professor's Roadmap to Success in the First Year of Law School
The 'Companion Text' to Law School: Understanding and Surviving Life with a Law Student
Practical Global Tort Litigation: United States, Germany and Argentina
Gun Control and Gun Rights
The Law School Trip: The Insider's Guide to Law School
Amicus Humoriae: An Anthology of Legal Humor
SelectedLaw ReviewArticles
Preying on the Graying: A Statutory Presumption to Prosecute Elder Financial Exploitation
Fight Club: Doctors vs. Lawyers - A Peace Plan Grounded in Self Interest
Neurotic, Paranoid Wimps - Nothing has Changed
Kiss and Tell: Protecting Intimate Relationship Privacy Through Implied Contracts of Confidentiality
Dead Sorrow: A Story About Loss and A New Theory of Wrongful Death Damages
A Thousand Words are Worth a Picture: A Privacy Tort Response to Consumer Data Profiling
The Public Health Case for the Safe Storage of Firearms: Adolescent Suicides Add One More 'Smoking Gun'
Armed and Dangerous: Tort Liability for the Negligent Storage of Firearms
Good Cop, Bad Cop: Using Cognitive Dissonance Theory to Reduce Police Lying
Poetry in Commotion: Katko v. Briney and the Bards of First-Year Torts
The Tortious Marketing of Handguns: Strict Liability is Dead, Long Live Negligence
Bringing Privacy Law Out of the Closet: A Tort Theory of Liability for Intrusions in Public Places
The Rhetoric of Gun Control
It’s a Wonderful Life: The Case for Hedonic Damages in Wrongful Death Cases
Your Money or Your Life: Interpreting the Federal Act Against Patient Dumping
Logical Fallacies and the Supreme Court: A Critical Analysis of Justice Rehnquist's Decisions In Criminal Procedure Cases
Home | Privacy, DMCA, and Other Legal Stuff | Site Map
Copyright © 2020 Andrew J. McClurg
All Rights ReservedPowered by WordPress & Atahualpa
Pin It on Pinterest