https://lendricklodge.com/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We at Lendrick Lodge are in compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation of 2018. We take a responsible approach to all areas of our business. In order to process your booking, we need to collect certain personal details from you on the online booking form, or other information forms, such as your name and address, credit/debit card or other payment details and special requirements.
We may, from time to time, need to ask you for more personal information. For our Spiritual Adventure Tours abroad, we may need to pass on your personal details to organisations that we work with (for example your hotel or other trip service providers) on a need-to-know basis so that your trip can be catered for as required. If this applies to you, we will let you know in advance.
Apart from the exceptions outlined above, we will keep all the personal details that you give us absolutely confidential and secure. We do not sell or pass on for marketing purposes any info you give to us. We may, from time to time, contact you with information about Lendrick Lodge, however if you do not wish to receive anything from us, please inform us or click on the Unsubscribe Button at the bottom of any of our email newsletters.
Lendrick Lodge and the internet service provider that hosts our website, strive to maintain appropriate security measures to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you to make your course booking.
When you book a workshop online you do so through a secure server. The use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology means that all personal information will be encrypted as it travels from your computer to the Company Booking Engine.
Any questions you have about our Privacy Policy, or the information contained herein can be directed to info@lendricklodge.com.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to improve this Privacy Policy at any time. As a result, it may be necessary for us to amend or make revisions to this Privacy Policy. If we make a change to the Policy, the revised version will be posted on our website.
All About Lendrick Lodge
Gift Vouchers
Privacy Policy
Shuttle Bus
Wheelchair Accessible Facilities
Donate
Explore Beyond Lendrick
Explore Inside Lendrick
Treatments
Terms & Conditions
Getting Here
The Lendrick Trust Charity
Staff
Volunteer
Our Food
Contact
Our Courses
Light of Healing Retreat Weekend December 2020
with Stephen Mulhearn and a collective of highly skilled Practitioners
Declaration of the Soul – Peace in the Mind, Fire in the Heart!
with Stephen Mulhearn
First Degree Reiki Training Course – A New Awakening – January 2021
with Reiki Master Victoria & Supporting Teacher Glad Imrie
Second Degree Reiki Healing Training Course – January 2021
with
Reiki Master Victoria and Supporting Teacher Glad Imrie
Lendrick Lodge | Brig O'turk | Callander | Stirlingshire | Scotland | FK17 8HR
Telephone - +44 (0)1877 376 263
Contact us via email