https://leopardgeckos101.net/ads-policy/
Search for:
Search
Last updated 26 July 2020
Leopard Geckos 101 is a free, informative website helping to improve the quality of pet Leopard geckos. It is updated regularly and hosted on a paid–for server. In order to earn some income for our efforts to write useful articles, we make use of affiliate links and Google AdSense to display ‘paid for’ advertising.
Because we know that ads on a website can be annoying, they are placed in areas that will create the least amount of discomfort. Although the ad positions were chosen not to be interfering, they are still in places that attempt to draw attention.
Google ads
Ads are randomly generated according to the content of the website and other websites you might have visited before. Google has strict policies on the type of ads they allow, so you won’t have to worry about the safety of the links and the referring websites. This website will not advertise counterfeit goods, dangerous products or services, products or services that enable dishonest behaviour or offensive or inappropriate content. Ads will also not be displayed as annoying pop–ups.
Taking the above into consideration, if you are using an Ad Blocking Browser Extension, please disable it for this site.
Also see
Privacy policy
Affiliate links
In addition to Google ads, We also rely on other affiliates, such as Amazon.com and BangGood, to earn additional income. Links to these sites will always be named as such. If you’re planning on doing some online shopping from Amazon.com or BangGood, we will benefit from you using our affiliate links. Both these stores deliver worldwide — so no matter where you are in the world, your package will reach you. Using our links will allow you to buy anything you like, even non–Leopard gecko related products and will come with no additional cost to you.
Amazon
BangGood
You can also support Leopard geckos 101 by using the following links to sign up with our partners:
EasyWP — Host your WordPress website with them (and get the first month free)
Also see
Ways to support Leopard Geckos 101
Contact us
Questions about this Ads policy can be made using the comments section below.
Also see
Privacy policy
Changes to the Ads policy
This Ads policy is effective as of 1 June 2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. The owner reserve the right to update or change its ads policy at any time and this page should thus be checked periodically for updates.
Was this helpful?
Search for:
Search
Support Leopard Geckos 101
Leopard geckos 101 is a free, informative website helping to improve the quality of pet Leopard geckos. Here are 7 ways you can support us…
Read article
Amazon.com
Zilla Reptile Habitat Décor Hideouts Bark Bends
Bark Bends provide the private den all burrowing reptiles crave, while also offering a window on their fascinating behaviour.
Buy from Amazon.com
Latest Leopard gecko articles
Using electrical timers with Leopard geckos
Programmable electrical timers (or simply electrical timers) can be used to switch Leopard gecko lighting on and off at desired times.
Read article
Nutritional support for Leopard geckos
Nutrition support in Leopard geckos is often required in the case of anorexia or inability to eat.
Read article
Medical fluid treatment of Leopard geckos
Dehydration is a serious condition in Leopard geckos. Applying the correct principles, fluid treatment can be life-saving.
Read article
The photoperiod for Leopard geckos
The photoperiod is the time a Leopard gecko is exposed to light over a period of 24 hours. It will likely affect the behaviour and reproduction of Leopard geckos.
Read article
Amazon.com
The Leopard Gecko Manual, 2nd Edition (CompanionHouse Books)
The Leopard Gecko Manual takes a close look at all of the characteristics that have made these lizards so popular in the pet world.
Buy from Amazon.com
Also on
Mailing list
Follow us
Mailing list
Close
Privacy and cookies
This site uses cookies. By continuing, you agree to their use.
For more information, including how to control cookies, please refer to our privacy policy page.
Got itTop