https://leopardgeckos101.net/privacy-policy/
Search for:
Search
Last updated 30 August 2020
This page serves the information of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information received from users. By using the Leopard Geckos 101, the user agrees to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Interpretation and definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy policy:
Owner (referred to as either “the Owner”, “We”, “Us”, “They” or “Our” in this Privacy policy) refers to Leopard Geckos 101.
Website refers to Leopard Geckos 101, accessible from https://leopardgeckos101.net
Service refers to the Website.
You (referred to as either “You”, “User” or “Your”) means the individual accessing the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Personal information includes the Users’ first name,  last name, email address and website.
Information collection and use
While using the Service, the Owner may ask to provide certain Personal information that can be used to contact or identify the User.
Log data
Like many site operators, the Owner collects information that browsers send whenever the Service is used (“log data”).
Log data may include information such as Your computer’s internet protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages that are visited, the time and date of visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Communications
If it was indicated, the Owner may use Personal information to make contact with the User in the form of personal correspondence, newsletters, marketing and/or promotional materials.
When a User leaves a comment on the Service, the Owner collects the data shown in the comments form, the IP address and the browser user agent string to help with spam detection. User comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
The Owner will never show email addresses to other Users.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amounts of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to a web browser from a website and stored on the computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, the Owner uses cookies to collect information while using their Service. These are only used to improve the browsing experience of the Service and not to collect any form of personal information.
We use cookies to personalise our ads and to analyse our traffic. Web browsers can be instructed to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Embedded content from other websites
Services may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, comments, etc.). Embedded content from other websites will behave in the exact same way as if the User has visited the other website.
Security
The security of personal information is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While the Owner strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect personal information, They cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Contact us
Questions about this Privacy policy can be made using the comments section below.
Changes to the Privacy policy
This Privacy policy is effective as of 1 June 2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. The Owner reserve the right to update or change the Privacy policy at any time and you should thus check this page periodically.
Your continued use of the Service after modifications has been made will constitute Your acknowledgement of the modifications and Your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy policy.
Was this helpful?
Search for:
Search
Support Leopard Geckos 101
Leopard geckos 101 is a free, informative website helping to improve the quality of pet Leopard geckos. Here are 7 ways you can support us…
Read article
Amazon.com
Zilla Reptile Terrarium Bedding Mats (various sizes)
Zilla Reptile Terrarium Bedding Mats are low maintenance bedding mats that are safe to be used for Leopard geckos. They are available in various sizes and can be cut to size.
Buy from Amazon.com
Latest Leopard gecko articles
Using electrical timers with Leopard geckos
Programmable electrical timers (or simply electrical timers) can be used to switch Leopard gecko lighting on and off at desired times.
Read article
Nutritional support for Leopard geckos
Nutrition support in Leopard geckos is often required in the case of anorexia or inability to eat.
Read article
Medical fluid treatment of Leopard geckos
Dehydration is a serious condition in Leopard geckos. Applying the correct principles, fluid treatment can be life-saving.
Read article
The photoperiod for Leopard geckos
The photoperiod is the time a Leopard gecko is exposed to light over a period of 24 hours. It will likely affect the behaviour and reproduction of Leopard geckos.
Read article
Amazon.com
Tikaton reptile heat mat (variable sizes)
The Tikaton reptile heat mat has build-in temperature control functionality and is available in variable sizes. It is perfect to be used as under-tank heating for Leopard geckos.
Buy from Amazon.com
Also on
Mailing list
Follow us
Mailing list
Close
Privacy and cookies
This site uses cookies. By continuing, you agree to their use.
For more information, including how to control cookies, please refer to our privacy policy page.
Got itTop