https://lightmyfire.com/en/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Subscribe to our newsletter for news and inspirations!
Go
Don't show this popup again
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
COOKIE & PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE & PRIVACY POLICY
When you visit Lightmyfire.com we collect information about all visits to our website. We use this information to improve your user experience.
Here you can read about the information we collect, how we treat the information, what we do with it, who has access to it and how to contact us about cookies and the privacy policy.
The collection of personal customer information on Lightmyfire.com takes place within the framework of existing legislation and EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) legislation.
Lightmyfire.com automatically detects the IP address and data when you move between different pages and services on the website. If you log in or sign up for our newsletter, we record this too, so we can make it easier for you next time.
In this context we use various analysis tools such as Google Analytics, which assist us in collecting statistics on the use of Lightmyfire.com to create a better experience for you.
Lightmyfire.com collects information from users by five sources:
By cookies when you visit our websites; e.g. IP address, country, viewed pages, viewed categories, viewed brands, interaction/clicks and searches.
By purchases; e.g. demographic data, email address, payment information, items, order amount, discount level, brands and frequency. Including sending transactional emails, e.g. order confirmation, shipping confirmation and refund confirmation.
By user behaviour and engagement in the sent communication (email, SMS, direct mail or phone); e.g. open rate, click rate and time spend reading the emails, sender domain and type of email client
By users supplying information themselves (e.g. adding a favourite brand or information to the customer profile)
By credit scoring from 3rd party assessment company.
The purpose of collecting the information serves different areas:
Obligations. To fulfil our obligation to you as a customer or user of our service – like purchase, invoicing and customer service.
Customer service. To be able to perform customer service via email, chat or phone. Answer questions related to your order or previous orders, adjust errors and to guide the customer.
Marketing. To display inspiration, product offers/services and personal recommendations via web, email, SMS, direct mail, phone and via 3rd party advertisement.
Fraud & risk. To prevent fraud and do risk assessment.
Legislation. To meet existing legislation.
Timeframe for data storage
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in these Terms & Conditions unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, for legal, tax or regulatory reasons, or other legitimate and lawful business purposes.
What is a cookie?
When you visit Lightmyfire.com, cookies are stored on your computer. A cookie is a small text file stored in your browser to recognise your computer on subsequent visits. No personal information is stored in our cookies.
Almost all websites use cookies. They are located on your computer to help you, which helps analyse how the website is used so that the user experience can be improved. In many cases, cookies may be necessary to provide a particular service on the website.
The information in your cookies is sent between your browser and a web server and includes information on user settings, login and how the website is being used.
Browsing
When you visit Lightmyfire.com, we collect information about all visits to our website. We use this information to improve your user experience, evaluate the use of the individual elements and to support our marketing.
Auto login
Lightmyfire.com automatically detects who you are, based on different parameters such as the IP address, device and cookies when you move between different pages and services on the website. This means if you are logged in on our website, you will automatically be logged in the next time you visit Lightmyfire.com on the same device.
Analytical tool
We use various analytical tools such as Google Analytics, which assist us in collecting statistics on the use of Lightmyfire.com to create a better experience for you.
Contact regarding personal data
If you want to access the information we hold about you, please contact us at: customerservice@lightmyfire.com. If incorrect data has been registered, or you have other objections, you can contact the same place. You can look at what information about you is registered and you can object to registration under the Personal Data Act.
As a customer, you are entitled to access your collected data categories (article 15) and you may object to the registration pursuant to the relevant rules in the EU legislation General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Upon appropriate request, we will update, change or remove personal information that we control with reservation against violating any legislation.
Protection of personal data
Legislation requires your personal information to be kept secure and confidential. We store your personal information on servers with high levels of security, which are located in controlled facilities, and our security is checked regularly to determine whether our user information is handled securely and always taking your rights as a user into account. However, we cannot 100% guarantee security for data transmissions over the internet. This means that there may be a risk that other unauthorised parties gain access to information when data is sent and stored electronically. Thus, your personal information is submitted at your own risk.
Personal information is deleted or made anonymous continuously as the purpose for which it was collected ends.
The rapid development of the internet means that changes in our processing of personal data may be necessary. We thus reserve the right to update and amend these guidelines for the processing of personal data. If we do, we will of course correct the "last updated" date at the bottom of the page. In case of substantial changes, we will notify you in the form of a visible notice on our websites.
You may complain about the treatment of information and data relating to you. Complaints are submitted to the local Data Protection Agency.
Contact us
You can contact us at Lightmyfire.com via:
Email: customerservice@lightmyfire.com
By phone: +46 40 6601660
Or by post:
Light My Fire Sweden AB, Västkustvägen 7, 211 24 Malmö, Sweden