https://live-projectchildsafewp.pantheonsite.io/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
A PROGRAM OF THE NATIONAL SHOOTING SPORTS FOUNDATION
Top Nav
Parents & Gun Owners
Law Enforcement
Partner Organizations
Educators
The National Shooting Sports Foundation, Inc. ® (“NSSF®“) has created this Privacy Statement to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your online privacy.  We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement which explains the data collection, storage and usage practices of NSSF administered websites.
This Privacy Statement governs NSSF administered websites, including:
www.nssf.org (and .com)
www.dontlie.org
www.familiesafield.org (and .com)
www.nssf.org/ranges/first-shots/
www.huntandshoot.org
www.huntinfo.org
www.nafr.org
www.projectchildsafe.org (and .com)
www.rangeinfo.org
www.stepoutside.org
www.takemehuntingandshooting.com
www.wheretohunt.org
www.wheretoshoot.org
www.wingshootingusa.org (and .com)
Non-Personal Information That May Be Collected On The Web
The following information may be collected and stored automatically from all visitors accessing NSSF administered websites:
The Internet domain and Internet Protocol address from which our site is accessed;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time our site is accessed;
The web pages visited by our visitors; and
If visitors link to NSSF administered websites from a referring website, the address of that website
This information is gathered to create summary statistics which may be used to track website traffic patterns, assess what information is of most interest to online visitors, determine website design specifications, and identify system performance or problem areas. This information is not reported or used in any manner that would reveal personal information of online visitors.
Personal Information That May Be Collected On The Web
You are welcome to visit NSSF administered websites and access the public information contained therein without revealing any personal information.  Occasionally, however, you may request additional information about organizations or programs mentioned on NSSF administered websites, apply for individual membership, subscribe to e-mail lists such as Bullet Points®, or send us questions or comments electronically that contain personal information about yourself.   The personally identifiable information that may be collected by NSSF websites in these circumstances includes, but is not limited to, the following: names, postal and e-mail addresses, telephone, and facsimile numbers.
NSSF administered websites may also collect business information from organizations that apply for membership or are interested in program participation, some of which could constitute personal information.
How Personal Information May Be Used
NSSF administered websites may use personal information to reply to inquiries and process membership and program participation requests.  NSSF administered websites may also store personal information received from online visitors in a proprietary database, on mailing lists, or both. As a database or mailing list participant, visitors may periodically receive organization and program-related information and news, industry bulletins, promotional materials, or other communications.
NSSF administered websites may also share personal information of online visitors with affiliated and nonaffiliated organizations. If you subscribe to certain services or send questions or comments electronically that contain personal information, NSSF administered websites may redirect your message to affiliates who can better process your request or respond to your questions. Additionally, NSSF websites may share personal, non-credit card account information with suppliers and other nonaffiliated conservation, hunting and shooting sports organizations. These nonaffiliated organizations may use this information to send you notices about their products or services.
Finally, NSSF administered websites may release personal information of online visitors if required by law, or to establish or exercise NSSF’s™ legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Children
NSSF administered websites will not knowingly collect personal data from children under age 13 without insisting that they seek prior parental consent as required by applicable law.  We will only use or disclose personal data about a child to respond to a one-time request from a child, to seek consent from a child’s parent/legal guardian, to protect a child, or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Security of Personal Information
NSSF administered websites have implemented physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect all personal information collected from visitors online and to prevent unauthorized access, use and disclosure of this information. Third parties that have access to personal information of our online visitors are required to protect this information.
Opting Out of Electronic Communications
If you would like to opt out of electronic communications you are receiving from NSSF, please follow the unsubscribe instructions found in the individual communications you may receive from us. To opt out of electronic communications from third parties, please follow their unsubscribe instructions found in their respective communications. There are certain communications that NSSF may continue to send if you are a current member.
Tracking and Use of Cookies
When you visit NSSF administered websites, we send one or more cookies, a small file containing a string of characters, to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service.
Contact Us
If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of the NSSF, or your experiences with any NSSF administered website, please contact:
Webmaster
National Shooting Sports Foundation, Inc.
11 Mile Hill Road
Newtown, Connecticut 06470-2539
(203) 426-1320
webmaster@nssf.org
Changes In This Privacy Statement
NSSF and its administered websites reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time. Any changes to this Privacy Statement will be posted on this page. We encourage you to visit this page frequently to stay informed.
LAST REVISED:  September 7, 2010
© 2010 National Shooting Sports Foundation, Inc.  All rights reserved.