https://loonlakerv.com/terms-of-use-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Specials
About
Lodging
RV / Tent Sites
Rates
Reservations
Activities
Directions
Contact
541-599-2244
Loon Lake Lodge and RV Resort – Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Loon Lake Lodge and RV Resort collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the Site listed below, herein referred to the website (“Site”):
http://www.loonlakerv.com
This privacy policy applies to these Site and all products and services offered by Loon Lake Lodge and RV Resort.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our Site, place an order, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities including making a reservation.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use cookies. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
How we use collected information
Loon Lake Lodge and RV Resort may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To process payments – We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To send periodic emails – We may use the email address to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
Loon Lake Lodge and RV Resort has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of these Site, or your dealings with these Site, please contact us at:
Loon Lake Lodge and RV Resorthttp://www.loonlakerv.com9011 Loon Lake Road, Reedsport, OR 97467(541) 599-2244loonlakerv@loonlakerv.comThis document was last updated on February 13, 2013
NavigationCurrent Specials
Lodging
RV / Tent Campsites
Boat & Sea-Doo Rentals
Rates
Reservations
Fun Activities
Driving Directions
Photo Gallery
Features & Amenities
Resort Map
Our Blog
RESORT MAP (PDF)Click to Download PDF
FIND US ON
Lodging / CampingLodging
RV / Tent Campsites
Group Facilities
Make a Reservation
Contact Us
About Loon LakeAbout Loon Lake Lodge
Our Location
Features & Amenities
Loon Lake in the Media
Fun Activities
Articles & InformationOregon Coast Information
Oregon Dunes
Useful Readings
Rules / Regulations
Privacy Policy
Call for Reservations
541-599-2244
Loon Lake Lodge
& RV Resort
9011 Loon Lake Road
Reedsport, OR 97467
loonlakerv@loonlakerv.com
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
×