https://loonlakerv.com/covid-19-policies-and-guidelines/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Specials
About
Lodging
RV / Tent Sites
Rates
Reservations
Activities
Directions
Contact
541-599-2244
Download this information as a PDF here.
We are pleased to have you visit and we are doing our utmost to make your holiday safe and pleasant. We ask that you read the following with the understanding that these policies may change as we are informed of new conditions. All staff have reviewed and been trained with the new cleaning protocol in place and will wear masks and gloves.
As designated by Governor Brown, all persons are required to wear face coverings indoors and outdoors when 6 feet of distancing is not possible, in public places. Please be sure to bring a mask that you can wear while in the convenience store shared, bathrooms and any outside location as required. We appreciate your cooperation.
Indoor Social Gatherings of people who are not living in the same household are now limited to 10 people.
Because of the requirements for Social Distancing, only registered guests are allowed to be at the Resort. Day Use is not allowed at this time. Please do not invite others who are not registered guests to join you at the Resort at any time while you are there.Check in time is 3PM for cabins and cottages, 4PM for the Waterfront House, and noon for RV sites and tent camping. Check out is at 11:00 AM. Sorry that at this time we cannot offer any flexibility for those times as we need all available time to be sure your lodging is sanitized fully. Your check in/out instructions will be posted on the door of the Lodge if someone is not available in the office.All of the standard ways to protect public health apply in outdoors as well as indoors.  Please maintain 6 feet of physical distance at all times and wear your own mask to cover your nose and mouth. We are only able to supply masks for our staff. Guests will need to supply their own masks.Not feeling well? Please do not visit. If you have symptoms of a fever, cough, or shortness of breath, please stay home.Maintain your own personal hygiene like washing your hands often. Hand sanitizer stations are available. We will supply soap and toilet paper however, we encourage you to bring your own supplies, including paper towels, toilet paper, napkins, hand sanitizer and sanitizer sprays or wipes, if possible as supply and demand has made it difficult to supply at all times. Picnic tables will be cleaned before your arrival. Because they are outdoors and susceptible to environmental changes, we encourage you to clean the picnic table surface and benches before each use with your own sanitizer.Visitors may find limited restroom and shower services available in order for us to maintain cleanliness standards. Use of the Restroom/Shower building may be limited to those who are in tent and yurt sites, as all RV sites have full hook-ups.Currently our convenience store has limited supplies, however please check back here before departing home as we are stocking as quickly as possible. Please bring all groceries and other supplies until we notify you of available groceries and supplies in our store. We will limit the number of guests in the store at the same time to allow social distancing.The Deli will be closed until further notice.
Prepare before you visit:
Check what’s open before leaving home. Your favorite trail or recreation area may remain closed, or need to be closed on a temporary basis, to prevent crowding and protect public health.Plan ahead and come prepared as service levels may be different than you are accustomed to including bathroom facilities in other locations outside of our ResortIt is wildfire season. Please remain safe and vigilant to ensure forest health and safety. Do not start fires in undesignated areas. Ask if we are allowed outdoor fires before you strike a match. If permitted, make sure you are building a campfire properly and that you have water or an extinguisher on hand. Before you leave the campfire site, ensure the campfire is out. If it’s too hot to touch, it’s too hot to leave.
NavigationCurrent Specials
Lodging
RV / Tent Campsites
Boat & Sea-Doo Rentals
Rates
Reservations
Fun Activities
Driving Directions
Photo Gallery
Features & Amenities
Resort Map
Our Blog
RESORT MAP (PDF)Click to Download PDF
FIND US ON
Lodging / CampingLodging
RV / Tent Campsites
Group Facilities
Make a Reservation
Contact Us
About Loon LakeAbout Loon Lake Lodge
Our Location
Features & Amenities
Loon Lake in the Media
Fun Activities
Articles & InformationOregon Coast Information
Oregon Dunes
Useful Readings
Rules / Regulations
Privacy Policy
Call for Reservations
541-599-2244
Loon Lake Lodge
& RV Resort
9011 Loon Lake Road
Reedsport, OR 97467
loonlakerv@loonlakerv.com
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
×