http://lowcountrylabrescue.org/privacy
Home
Donate
dogs
Adopt
Foster
Contact
Menu
About
Lowcountry Lab Rescue, a 501(c)(3) charitable organization operates and owns lowcountrylabrescue.org. This website is used to provide information about our rescue organization, to allow communication to our organization through the use of a contact form and to allow individuals the opportunity to apply to become a foster or to adopt one of our rescued dogs.  This website is maintained solely by volunteers.CookiesE.U. laws require the notification of the use of cookies on a website-this website is operated, hosted and intended for citizens and residents of the United States of America and as such does not fall under these laws.  Visitors from other countries are welcome and by browsing this site agree to the cookie policy that follows.We may occasionally use cookies for the purposes of activating interactive features of this web site including but not limited to webforms, anti-abuse measures or website use analytics.  Your use of our site implies your consent to the creation and usage of cookies in this maner.  Disabling cookies may render parts of this non-functional to the user.Personal InformationWhen you elect to fill out our contact us form, our adoption application and/or our foster application, you are voluntarily supplying your personal information through our website.  While we will make every effort to safeguard your information, we can not guarentee the privacy of any information submitted to our website.  By submitting your information via the website, you agree to these conditions and agree to assume the normal risks of transmitting your information via the Internet.  If you are not comfortable submitting part or all of your information in this manner, you may elect to instead send your comments or applications to the following address by mail:Lowcountry Lab Rescue PO Box 90481 Charleston, SC 29416or email:info@lowcountrylabrescue.orgWhat We Do With Your InformationAny information that you voluntarily elect to share with Lowcountry Lab Rescue will be used solely for the purposes of communication (if using the contact us web form) or for determining eligibility for fostering a Lowcountry Lab Rescue Dog (if using the foster application web form) or adopting a Lowcountry Lab Rescue Dog (if using the adoption application web form).  Your information may be shared between volunteers within Lowcountry Lab Rescue to facilitate any of the above actions.  Your information will never be sold, rented, or shared with 3rd parties unless required to do so by court order.Home