https://lynmarestate.com/privacy-policy
LYNMAR ESTATE
The Wines
Our Story
Advocates Club
The Estate
Experiences
SHOP
The Wines
Our Story
Advocates Club
The Estate
Experiences
SHOP
Contact
facebook
instagram
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Lynmar Estate is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust and accordingly maintains the following Privacy Policy to protect personal information you provide online. You should not access this Site or use our services until you have carefully read this Privacy Policy and agree to the terms and conditions described in it.
Our Collection and Use of Your Personal Information We may collect and use information about you which we reasonably believe will help us administer our business or provide products, services or other opportunities to you. Among other things, we may use the information we learn about you to help us personalize and improve the experience you have with us, to respond to your requests and to communicate with you. The types of information we may collect, retain and use include the following:
Site Information In general, you can visit Lynmar Estate's website ("the site") without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers may collect the domain names of visitors. This information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the Site, pages viewed, etc. Lynmar Estate may utilize this information ("behavior profiles") to measure the use of our Site and to improve the content we offer. We may share with third parties experiential information or other data which does not personally identify users of our Site. This might include product preferences of all visitors to our Site, for example.
Information You Provide To Us You are not required to register in order to access our Site. However, if you send us an email, sign up for our eNewsletter, register to join our “Advocate's Club wine subscription” or if you contact us to receive information or products from us, we may collect profile information from you (“Personally Identifiable Information”). You may provide, for instance, your first and last name, email address, your company name, title, address (i.e., street address, city, state, country and zip/postal code), phone number, fax number or product information or preferences. If you make a purchase on our Site we will also ask you for additional information including the credit card number and expiration date, billing address, shipping address and name on the account (“Credit Card Information”) as well as information verifying your identity and age. We will keep your Credit Card Information on file and on our servers. This will enable you to make future purchases without re-entering your Credit Card Information. The Credit Card Information will not be shared with any third party not affiliated with the Company without notifying you in this Privacy Policy. The Personally Identifiable Information you provide is stored in a secure location and is accessible only by designated staff. By providing this Personally Identifiable Information to us, you explicitly agree to our collection and usage of such information as described in this Privacy Policy. We may use your Personally Identifiable Information to respond to your inquiries, process an order, contact you regarding account status or customer service, let you know about products or services which may be of interest to you, allow you to access specific account information or for other purposes. You are permitting us to share your Personally Identifiable Information (but not your email address) with third parties outside of the Lynmar family of companies.
Cookies Our Site also uses "cookie" technology to make your visits more convenient. The main way we do this is by giving you the option to save your email address in forms, as when you subscribe to the Advocate's Club wine subscription. These "cookies" are set so we may better customize your visit experience in the future. You are free to reject or "Not Accept" all cookies, but we will not be able to auto-enter your email address or customize your future visits.
We may use Google Analytics to analyze traffic to this website. Google Analytics does not create individual profiles for visitors. Unlike some tracking services, Google Analytics does not have a database of individual profiles for each visitor. Google Analytics only collects aggregate data. For more information about Google Analytics privacy policy, please click here.
Email Communications We may use your email address to contact you to respond to your inquiries or to provide information on products or services to you. To help us determine whether you have received an email from us, and to help us make emails more useful and interesting, we may receive a confirmation that you have opened an email from us. We will not share your email with others outside companies.
Child Privacy Because of the nature of our business, our products and services are not designed to appeal to minors, and therefore we do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from children. Our terms and conditions of use require that access to the Site is limited to persons age 21 or older. If we have reason to believe that information is being provided by a person under the age of 21, Lynmar Estate will not collect the information.
Disclosing Information to Third Parties We are not in the business of selling your Personally Identifiable Information to others, we may share your Personally Identifiable Information within Lynmar Estate family of companies or with or third parties. We reveal Personally Identifiable Information about you to unaffiliated third parties if: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; (3) the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection etc.); (4) the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets); (5) the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, processing orders, etc.); or (6) to others as described in this Privacy Policy. We may also gather aggregated data about you and disclose such aggregated (but not personally identifiable) information to third parties for promotional or other purposes.
Security Procedures to Protect Information We take security seriously and we take precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. However, due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us, or information stored on our servers, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.
Inapplicability of Privacy Policies of any Linked Sites or Other Parties Lynmar Estate’s Site may contain links to other sites such as our distributors and third parties. This Privacy Policy only addresses Lynmar Estate’s use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information collected on our Site, if any. While we try to link only to sites that share our standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties or the content of linked sites, although we do encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such parties or web sites.
Terms of Use, Notices, and Changes to Our Privacy Policy In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, then the Terms of Use shall control. As our business changes, this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use are expected to change from time to time, and we reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at any time. The use of your information is subject to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use in effect at the time of use. The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices with respect to this Site. We post the effective date of our Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use on our Site. We encourage you to check our Site frequently to see the current Privacy Policy and Terms of Use in effect and any changes that may have been made to them. If we make material changes to this Policy we will post the revised Policy and the revised effective date on this Site.
Your Access to Your Information If you have provided information and wish in the future that we stop using this information, or if you wish to update or change your information, you can email us at info@lynmarestate.com. Alternatively, you may, at any time, direct us to change your information by submitting corrected information to us by mail at the address below.
Questions Regarding This Privacy Policy If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or any concern about privacy at Lynmar Estate please contact Lynmar Estate website coordinator or you can write to us at Lynmar Estate, 3909 Frei Road, Sebastopol, CA 95472.
Effective Date: June 2010
Lynmar Estate
©2020 LYNMAR ESTATE
707.829.3374
info@lynmarestate.com