http://maci.ie/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Latest News:
IAA Registration Guide Update
MACI AGM 2020 Publications
Update for New IAA Registration for MACI Members
New IAA Registration for MACI Members
Annual General Meeting (AGM) 2020 Update
MACI
Our website address is: www.maci.ie.
MACI is the governing body for the sport of model flying in Ireland and represents model flying in all matters.
Privacy policy
MACI is committed to protecting and respecting members privacy.
Our privacy policy explains how, why and when we collect members  information, how we use it and to whom and in what circumstances we may share it.
This policy may be subject to change so members should check here to ensure they are satisfied with any changes made. By becoming a member of MACI you are agreeing to be bound by this policy. Any issues concerning this policy may be addressed to the MACI data protection officer.
How does MACI collect Information?
We collect information on members when they affiliate either as individuals or through affiliated clubs.
What information do we collect?
MACI may require members  name, address, email address, phone number and age. This information is required in order to enable MACI to establish and maintain a database to provide membership services. Consent is given by completing a membership affiliation form.
How is the information used?
Members  information is used to process your membership, send information regarding courses, events and any other obligations we may have, to our members.  We will retain members information as long as is necessary to provide membership related services and for a period of 3 years after your membership lapses.
Who has Access to member’s information?
MACI do not share member’s information with third parties. A members club will have access to members  information. Third party service providers may have access where necessary to provide services on our behalf. These parties will not use members  information for their own ends. We may provide members information where required to do so for legal reasons.
Can members access their information?
Members can request access to personal information held by MACI by contacting the MACI data protection officer.
Our website may contain links to third party websites. Our privacy policy only applies to our website. When visiting other websites members should satisfy themselves that adequate protection applies to their information.
What are members rights?
Members have the right to access the information held BY MACI. We will supply a copy of personal data held by MACI providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected.
Members have the right of rectification of any inaccurate data and the completion of any incomplete data held by MACI.
Members have the right to the erasure of their data in a timely manner. Data may be erased should the purposes of the data collection become redundant. Current membership of MACI is forfeited should data be erased. MACI cannot provide services without personal information.
Members have the right to restrict the processing of data where the data is inaccurate, where processing is unlawful but members don’t want the data erased, where members require the data be retained for legal issues. Where data is restricted on this basis, we may continue to store such data but will only process it with the members consent for particular purposes.
Members may object to the processing of their personal data for direct electronic communication purposes. If such an objection is made MACI will cease such processes.
Members who believe that MACI processing of personal information fails to comply with data protection laws, have the right to complain to the office of the data protection commissioner.
Members have the right to withdraw consent for MACI processing their personal information at any time.
Any of these rights may be exercised by contacting, in writing, the MACI data protection officer.
Upcoming Events
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy