http://maidstonescuba.com/privacy_policy/
Basket:   0 Items   £0.00
View
Home
About Us
Diving Courses
Testimonials
Contact Us
Register
Login
Our Team
PADI Certified
Price Pledge
News
Scuba Auction
DU Reporting (Pool Surveys)
Bubble Maker
Seal Team (Kids)
Discover Scuba
PADI Open Water Referral Course
PADI Open Water Diver
PADI Advanced Open Water Diver
PADI Master Scuba Diver
PADI Speciality Courses
Emergency First Response
Rescue Diver
Go Pro
PADI Scuba Review
Download PADI Forms
Video Clip Download
PADI Course Flow Chart
Approved Medical Examiners of Divers
PADI Products
Inland Dive Sites
Begin Diving
Continue Diving
PADI Course Bundles
Speciality Courses
Teach Diving
Rebreather/Technical
PRIVACY POLICY
Your right to privacy is very important. We recognize that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner. We believe this information should only be used to help us provide you with better service. That's why we have put a policy in place to protect your personal information. Below is a summary of our policy. Please note that not all sections of this policy apply to all services or users.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you visit our eShop we collect a variety of personal information depending on who you are and how you entered the Service. We may collect browser type and IP address for all visitors to the Service through HTTP header information. In addition, we collect the following information.
MERCHANTS
We collect information about merchants through the merchant registration process. This information includes your name, address, email address and may include credit card information. This information is used to inform you of updates or changes to the Service. We will only notify you of products and services offered by us, if requested to do so. In addition, if you provided credit card or bank account information, this information may be used to perform billing and collection functions.
Disclosure of Merchant Information to Third Parties
We may provide your merchant information to third party resellers of the Service and those third parties who provide services in support of the Service. Additionally, we may in our sole discretion, provide a subset of your merchant information to a third party if the third party alleges you are violating their intellectual property, privacy or publicity rights through activities on your site.
COOKIES
We collect some information through the use of cookies. We use cookies to help us provide you with a better on-line experience. Cookies from our Service can only be read by our Service. However, merchants may also use cookies that are not controlled by us. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of the merchants for the stores you visit.
CONTROLLERS OF INFORMATION
Any information provided or gathered by this site is controlled by Maidstone Scuba School Ltd.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
There are occasions where we may ask for additional information. We do this to be able to better understand your needs, and provide you with services that we believe may be valuable to you. Prior to collecting additional information, we will explain the purpose for which the information will be used. In addition, we may keep information regarding your communications with us such as emails and feedback.
SECURITY
We will take appropriate steps to protect your privacy. Whenever you provide sensitive information (for example, a bank account or credit card number), we will take reasonable steps to protect it. We will also take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information in storage. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not used for marketing purposes. Except as stated in this Privacy Statement, we will not provide any of your personal information to other companies or individuals without your permission. However, we may release personal information (including access logs) in response to all court orders and lawful requests from governmental authorities.
LINKS
Our Service may provide links to third party sites. Since we do not control those websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party sites.
DATA STORAGE IN THE UK
We may collect, store and process personal information in databases in both the United Kingdom and United States.
QUESTIONS?
We welcome comments and questions on this privacy statement. Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this privacy statement. All revisions will be posted to this site. Questions regarding this statement should be directed by email to: privacy@maidstonescuba.com
Home
Diving Courses
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Web Design Kent by TME
Raising Standards, Lowering Prices - Why Pay More?
Offer Info:
Close
Enter your name and email address below to instantly receive a copy of our new colour brochure.
First Name:
Surname:
Email Address:
Enter your username and password below to login...
Email:
Password:
Remember