https://mainepowderhouse.com/privacy-policy/
A Question?
Contact Us
About Us
Calendar
Cart
Checkout
Contact Us
COVID-19
Home
My account
Order Forms
Order\Shipping Policy
Privacy Policy
Related Links
Shop
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.mainepowderhouse.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
It will notify you of the following:
1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
The Maine Powder House is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone without permission. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request (for example to ship an order).
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can contact us and see what kind of data we have about you (if any), change/correct any data we have about you, delete any data we have about you, and/or express any concern you have about the use of your data. You can do the above at any time by contacting us via the email, fax, address or phone number, which is listed on our website.
Orders
The Maine Powder House request certain information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Sharing
We partner with other parties to provide specific services (for example shipping and credit card processing). When the user orders products from The Maine Powder House, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide services to fulfill your order. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Security
The Maine Powder House take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. Paper records are kept in a locked and secure area. We adhere to the PCI Data Security Standards.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone
at 207-671-5580 or mainepowder@gmail.com.
Sign me up for updates!