https://mavermatch.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home AboutAbout Maver UK Sponsored Anglers Sponsored Teams Maver Mega Match This Event
Match This Tickets ProductsPoles & AccessoriesPole Ranges Pole Kits & Pots Combo Kit Elastics & Accessories Rollers Rests & Roosts
Seatboxes and AccessoriesMVR Seat Box Signature Seat Boxes Reality Seat Box Signature Quick Release (QR) Attachments S4 Accessories Rests, Roosts & Umbrellas Signature, MX & MXi Parts Side Trays Chairs Transportation
RodsSignature Pro MVR Reality, Reality Plus & Reality Plus XS Combo Kits
Reels Nets and HandlesKeepnets Landing Nets Landing Net Handles Weigh Nets & Accessories
LuggageReality MVR Luggage MVR EVA
ClothingWaterproof Clothing Jackets & Trousers T-Shirts, Hoodies & Caps
FloatsPole Floats Pole Rigs Wagglers, Stick Floats & Bolo
Hooks and MonofilamentInvincible & Elite Hooks Match This Hooks Hook Tying and Storage Hooks to Nylon Mono & Braid
AccessoriesFeeders & Leads Weights & Swivels Tackle Boxes Terminal Tackle Bank Sticks
Sea
Stockists News Reviews Videos Contact Basket Account
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
loading...
Maver UK Limited Privacy Policy
Introduction
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and we shall endeavour to use any information that you provide when using this website in accordance with this privacy policy.
This privacy policy explains what information we collect, how we protect any information you submit to us, and how we use it.
We may amend this policy from time to time by updating this page. Therefore, we suggest you check this page occasionally to ensure you are aware of and are happy with any amendments.
What information do we collect?
Personal information may be collected from you in various ways, for example: –
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (these are information about your browser, your IP address, your general location as determined from your IP address and provided by your browser, the site from which you come, and the links followed when leaving our site). This information is also collected through cookies.
When you register and voluntarily provide information in response to online forms. (This includes your name, email address, and any other details asked for and which you provide).
How is your information used?
We will only use the Information we collect as follows:
To provide you with the information about our products and services that you request.
For internal record keeping, billing, accounting and market research purposes.
To respond to any queries, complaints or requests for further information.
To customize the website according to your interests.
To provide you with marketing information about other products and services we supply that may be of interest to you.
On what basis do we use your information?
Your information will not be disclosed to any third party unless you have given your consent to such disclosure. You may at any time ask us to refrain from sending you marketing messages by sending us an email with the words UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject box or by telephoning us.
If you would like us to destroy information we hold about you, please let us know. However, please note that if you use any of our services which require you to provide personal information, deleting our records may mean that you will need to resubmit it to continue using such services.
We may disclose aggregate statistics about our site visitors, clients and sales in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
Sale of business
If this business is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business.
Google analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  Further information about Google’s privacy policy may be obtained from http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
Internet security
The internet is not a secure medium. However we take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We have put in place various security procedures as set out in this policy. For example, our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorised personnel have access to user information.  Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this.
Changes to this privacy policy and future developments
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of this privacy policy will govern our use of information about you and will be located on this page.  If we make material changes to this privacy policy then where appropriate we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on the Site prior to the effective date of the changes.
Your acceptance of this privacy policy
If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use our site.
By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of information by us. Owing to the global nature of the internet infrastructure, the information you provide may be transferred in transit to countries outside the European Economic Area that do not have similar protections in place regarding your data and its use as set out in this policy. However, we have taken the steps outlined above to try to improve the security of your information. By submitting your information you consent to these transfers.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or requests about the Website generally, please contact us by email to info@maver.co.uk
If you any questions, comments or requests regarding our use of your personal information, or wish to delete your personal information, please contact us by email to info@maver.co.uk or write to us at the following address:  Maver UK Ltd. Unit 8, Merse Road, North Moons Moat Ind Est. Redditch, Worcestershire. B98 9HL
Go to Top