https://melbourneglidingclub.wildapricot.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Melbourne Gliding Club and Victorian Motorless Flight Group incorporated recognise the importance of your privacy and understands your concerns about the security of your personal information. We are committed to protecting the personal information that we hold about you. This describes generally how we manage your personal information and safeguard your privacy in accordance with the National Privacy Principles.
Collecting personal information about you: As a club your personal information must be held in our membership database and is information collected directly from you. For example, we may collect personal information about you when you deal with us over the telephone, when you make a reservation or through other correspondence (whether by letter, fax or e-mail), when you visit our web site or when you have contacted with us in person.
Generally, the type of personal information we collect about you is the information included in documents such as an application form (for example, your name, mailing address, telephone number and e-mail address). In some circumstances, we may also collect sensitive information about you such as information about your health (including any disability), or emergency contact information..
Our disclosure statement:
Victorian Motorless Flight Group Inc. collects personal information from you for the following purposes:
to provide our services to you.
to confirm and process your method of payment.
to attend to your specific needs in respect of our services.
to provide you with information about our business and to undertake other marketing activities.
If you do not provide the information requested, we might not be able to provide you with the service requested. If you are our customer, we may disclose your personal information to third party service providers, who assist us in providing services to you.
Using and disclosing your personal information:
We will use and disclose personal information for the primary purpose for which it was collected. We may also use or disclose personal information for purposes related or ancillary to the main reasons we collect it, such as invoicing, provision of information concerning the services offered by us.
Access to your personal information:
You have access to the information we hold about you and can edit this information when logged in to your profile.
Accuracy, completeness and up-to-date information:
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete, and up-to-date whenever we collect or use it.
If you find that the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date, please contact us immediately and we will take reasonable steps to either correct this information, or if necessary, discuss alternative action with you.
Security:
We take reasonable steps to protect any personal information that we hold from misuse and loss. We also take reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorized access, modification and disclosure. We make our employees aware of the sensitive nature of your personal information and only grant them access on a need-to-know basis.
How to contact us:
If you wish to gain access to your personal information or make a complaint about a breach of your privacy or if you have any query on how your personal information is collected or used or any other query relating to the Victorian Motorless Flight Group Inc. Privacy Policy, please contact our Secretary via Email: secretary@vmfg.org.au
Changes to our Privacy Policy:
From time to time it may be necessary for us to review and revise our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to make changes at any time and we may notify you of those by posting an updated version on our website www.MelbourneGlidingClub.com.au.
Melbourne Gliding Club is a trading name of the Victorian Motorless Flight Group Inc. ABN 85 247 311 275, Association No. A0025166A.
Copyright (c) 2000 - 2020 Melbourne Gliding Club. All rights reserved. DC ST 8.6.16
Powered by Wild Apricot Membership Software