https://mgclub.org/privacy.htm
North America's oldest, largest and best club for all year MGBs, MGB-GTs and Midgets!!  Established in 1975.
Club Blog
Subscribe Blog
Message Board
Subscribe
Message Board
Photo
Gallery
Subscribe
Photo Gallery
WELCOME TO THE AMERICAN MGB ASSOCIATION
for all
year MGBs, MGB-GTs and Midgets
Established in 1975
Phone/Text: 773-769-7084
email:
info@mgclub.org
Member Benefits
Join the Club!
History
of the AMGBA
Meet Info
Credit Card/PayPal Form
Secured
Order Form
Join/Renew-Application
Membership
Benefits
Classified Ads
Advertisers/Links/Sponsors
Tech Tips
Club
Store
Submit
Classified Ad
Events Calendar
Member
Stories/Articles
Member
Car Photos
Past
Shows/Photos
Contacts
Email
Social Networks
News/Editor
Ad Rates
Officers
Members Login
Membership Updates
Submit Classified Ad
Parts Exchange
Renewal
of Membership
Tech
Services
Parts
Suppliers
Tech
Staff
Online
Octagon Magazines
Repair and Body Shop Recommendations
Local
Chapters
fff
Privacy Statement for American MGB Association website
American MGB Association has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: American MGB
Association website.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information
(like their name and email address) and financial information (like their
account or credit card numbers). We use customer contact information from the
registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional
material from some of our partners. The customer's contact information is also
used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving
future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information
that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
This site contains links to other sites. American MGB Association website
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products,
and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email
address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers).
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information
about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also
used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of
receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial
information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and
services.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups
available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed
in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when
deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and
alteration of the information under our control. (*Please elaborate on the
security measures that you have in place.)
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving
communications from us and our partners at the point where we request
information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information
from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive
our service.
You can send email to info@mgclub.org
You can send mail to the following postal address:
AMGBA, 5433 N. Ashland Ave., Chicago, IL 60640 USA
You can call the following telephone number: 773-769-7084
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
email info@mgclub.org
send mail to the following postal address:
AMGBA, 5433 N. Ashland Ave., Chicago, IL 60640 USA
call the following telephone number: 773-769-7084
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users
based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content
network privacy policy.
Contacting the website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this
site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact
Frank Ochal
American MGB Association
5433 N. Ashland Ave.
Chicago, IL 60640
frank@mgclub.org
HOME
Contact Us
AMGBA Privacy Policy
|
AMGBA Website Terms of Use
© 1997-2020 All
Rights Reserved - American MGB Association.