https://miniatura.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Miniatura
Miniatura
Buy Tickets
Search for:
Home
Miniatura Online
Articles
Next Show
Tickets
work with us
Book a Stand
Advertising
contact
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Boring but necessary info for visitors to both our site and show.
Miniatura Exhibitions and FairsPrivacy StatementThis statement sets out the ways in which Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs complies with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
BackgroundMiniatura Exhibitions and Fairs organises exhibitions for which it sells tickets through an agency. In addition, Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs publishes and circulates by email a newsletter. Any individual may sign up to receive the newsletter.
Identity of the Data ControllerThe data controller is Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs which can be contacted at Park Business Centre, Wood Lane, Erdington, Birmingham, B24 9QR. The email address for questions relating to data protection is office@miniatura.co.uk
Purpose of, and legal basis for storing and processing informationMiniatura Exhibitions and Fairs stores and processes individuals’ personal information on the basis of Legitimate Interest.The information is processed in order to:• enable Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs to ensure that anybody going into the exhibition has paid the appropriate price.• circulate the Miniatura newsletter to all those individuals who have opted to receive it.Legitimate InterestsMiniatura Exhibitions and Fairs stores and processes personal information on the basis of legitimate interest. Ticket sales are handled by an outside agency and the Miniatura organising team have ensured that this agency complies with the GDPR in every respect.
Categories of personal data being stored and processedThe only personal data being stored and processed by Miniatura are, in the case of ticket sales: • title such as Ms, Mr • first and last names• email address• postal address• telephone numbers• date of birthIn the case of people signing up to receive the newsletter:• names• email address
Recipients of personal dataMiniatura Exhibitions and Fairs does not share personal information with any outside organisation other than the ticket selling agency. Access to personal data stored in relation to ticket sales and newsletter circulation is restricted to individuals within the organisation who need to be able to either check that an individual has the correct ticket for entry to the show or to be able to send out the emailed newsletter.
Retention periodInformation relating to ticket holders is deleted a maximum of 14 days after the show closes. Information relating to people who have asked to receive the emailed newsletter will be retained until either they ask to be removed from the circulation list or Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs ceases to produce a newsletter.
Individuals’ rightsVisitors and recipients of the newsletter have a number of rights under GDPR. They may:• ask to see all information about them held by Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs. On receipt of such a request, and having verified the identity of the person making the request, Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs will provide that individual with the requested information without charge• ask Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs to correct any errors in their own record of which they become aware. On receipt of such a request, and having verified the identity of the person making the request, Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs will correct the information at the earliest opportunity• ask Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs to delete information that it holds relating to them. On receipt of such a request, and having verified the identity of the person making the request, Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs will delete the relevant information although it reserves the right to retain information required for specific purposes such as financial record-keeping• ask Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs to restrict its processing of their information. In the case of the Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs this is most likely to be a request to stop sending the newsletter. On receipt of such a request, and having verified the identity of the person making the request, Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs will apply the requested restriction• complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) if an individual feels that Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs is failing to comply with the GDPR. It would be helpful if any such complaint is addressed to the Miniatura organisers themselves in the first instance but individuals have the right to complain directly to the ICO. At the time of writing this notice, information on how to complain could be found here: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
ConclusionFor further information about this statement or any other aspect of the ways in which Miniatura Exhibitions and Fairs complies with GDPR, please send an email to office@miniatura.co.uk
18 May 2018
Call
0121 783 9922
Email
office@miniatura.co.uk
Archives
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
December 2019
November 2019
October 2019
Categories
Information for Exhibitors
Uncategorised
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress
Subscribe Here
Success!
First Name
Last Name
Email
Subscribe
Book a Stand
FAQ
Exhibitor Listings
Blog
Contact Us
0121 783 9922
office@miniatura.co.uk
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
© 2020. All rights reserved. Web Design by iD
Privacy Policy