https://missannboattrips.com/privacy-policy
Only 1 hour to Paradise
+599 9 767 1579
reservations@missannboattrips.com
Home
Klein Curacao
Activities
Our Boats
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully.
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site www.misannboattrips.com. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site or requesting further services. When you sign up on our website we will ask you to fill in your name, e-mail, birthday, gender, phone number and your address. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site. If there is something wrong with the ticket you bought, we will ask you for your ticket number. If you bought your ticket online and there is an error, we may ask you for additional information related to the payment like your bank account number.
When you’re buying tickets for an event, the organizer will receive your name and e-mail.
When you’re buying tickets for a tour or activity the organizer will receive your name, e-mail, birth date and your phone number.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of purchases that you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your bookings.
In case you link your Fun Miles card to your account we will also store your card number, pin and current balance encrypted in our system.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
We do not store any financial information on our servers like credit card numbers, pin codes, etc.
All payments are processed by our 3rd party PCI Complient Payment Service Providers.
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our customers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
We use Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel on our website, by using our website you agree we collect anonymous user information for our statistics.
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
Some cookies that we use are essential to process your order such as allowing our site to remember the details of your booking when you proceed to check-out and pay.
Other cookies that we use enable us to recognize you when you return to our site estimate our audience size and usage pattern, store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customize our site and to provide you with offers that are targeted at your individual interests, speed up your searches and allow you to use our site in a way that makes your browsing experience more convenient. If you register with us or complete our online forms, we will use cookies to remember your details during your current visit, and any future visits provided the cookie was not deleted in the interim.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Our database servers are located in the US.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted. We do not store sensitive (card numbers, pin, cvc codes etc) payment information on our servers, only required information for support like account number, e-mail, transaction reference.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. All passwords are encrypted in our database.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
We have the right to use your e-mail address to send e-mails related to the product you buy for example, cancellations, changes of the booking, important information related to the booking, etc.
Contact Us
+599 9 767 1579
+599 9 560 1367
info@missannboattrips.com
Boarding point: Santa Barbara Beach & Golf Resort
Information
Klein Curaçao Trip
Payment
Terms & Conditions
Cancellation
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Miss Ann Boat trips Curacao
© 2020 Miss Ann Boattrips