http://missouriwine.org/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Printer FriendlyTerms of Use
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
The Missouri Department of Agriculture provides access to resources and other information on this Web site as a public service. Although reasonable efforts have been made to ensure that all electronic information is current, complete and accurate, the Missouri Department of Agriculture does not claim liability for the timeliness, completeness and accuracy of the information. All information is subject to change on a regular basis, without notice.
The Missouri Department of Agriculture is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any pages linked to or referenced from this site, nor does the department necessarily endorse the pages linked to or referenced from this site.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Missouri Department of Agriculture Internet User Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Missouri Department of Agriculture’s Web site and reviewing our privacy policy. Our policy is simple: we collect no personal information about you unless you choose to provide it. We do not give or sell personal information to others. For details about how we safeguard personal information, please read below.
BROWSING
While you browse the Web site our operating system will automatically record the following information:
The name of the domain from which you accessed our Web site. For example, if you are connecting from an America Online account, the fact that someone who visited this Web site uses AOL as an Internet service provider will be known, but the individual e-mail address of the user will not be known.
The date and time any page on our site was accessed.
The address (also called the URL) of the Web site from which any page on this site was linked. For example, if you clicked on a hyperlink on the Web site for the Missouri State Fair to reach the Missouri Department of Agriculture’s Web site, that fact is recorded. However, as discussed above, your identity remains unknown.
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site.
This tracking system does NOT record information about individuals. This information is used to monitor traffic and improve this site. To ensure that our system remains available to all visitors, our operating system tracks unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
COOKIES
Cookies are NOT used on any portion of this site. A cookie is a small file that a Web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk, usually to keep track of you while you are connected to that site.
WEB FORMS
We request information when you fill out web forms, and correspond with us. Forms that request information from you will clearly indicate information that is required, such as name and mailing address, and any information that is optional. It will be clear when you are on a part of our site that requires personal information, because we will ask you for it.
E-MAIL
If you send us e-mail, the message will usually contain your return address. If you include personal information in your e-mail, we may use that information in responding to your request. E-mail is not necessarily secure or confidential. Send only the information that is necessary for us to answer your question or process your request.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our site provides links to other Web sites. The privacy policies described here do NOT apply to any external sites. Read the privacy policies of other sites you visit. Be informed. You are the person best qualified to protect your own privacy.
MISSOURI SUNSHINE LAW
As a state governmental agency, the Missouri Department of Agriculture is subject to Chapter 610 of the Revised Statutes of Missouri, commonly known as the Sunshine Law. If an appropriate request is made to this office for information that is subject to disclosure by the Sunshine Law, the Missouri Department of Agriculture may be required to disclose the information requested, even if it may include your personal information.
FOR MORE INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, contact AgInfo.
Printer Friendly
Wineries
MVP
Where To Buy
Newsletter
Covid