http://montecarloss.com/privacy-statement/
MonteCarloSS.com
4th Generation Monte Carlo SS Enthusiasts
Home
Community Forum
Information
General Information
Technical Information
Parts Information
FAQ
Databases
SS Registry Database
1986 Aerocoupe Registry
ET Database
Stolen SSs
Pictures
SS Exhibit
Media
Event Pics
Misc
Site Map
Search
Guestbook
Links
Privacy Statement
About
Contact
MonteCarloSS.com Respects Your Privacy
MonteCarloSS.com respects your privacy. That’s why we have created this Privacy Statement to explain how and why we collect certain information online, and how we use that information. This statement also explains how you can prevent collection of certain \ information about yourself, if you choose.  Please take a few moments to read our Privacy Statement.  This statement applies to both information we collect from visitors to the MonteCarloSS.com Web site, as well as information we collect or have access to from the
Monte Carlo SS Message Board and SS Registry features.
Right to Change Policy
We reserve the right to change this statement as MonteCarloSS.com evolves.  If we make any material change to this statement, we will change the date at the top of this statement to reflect the effective date of the change. We encourage you to check the date of this Privacy Statement to ensure you are aware of any updates.
However, regardless of how this Privacy Statement may change or evolve over time, MonteCarloSS.com will not collect or maintain your private and personally identifiable information without your consent.  Further, if you consent to give us your personal information, we will keep it confidential and will not sell, license or disclose your personal information to any third party without your consent, unless we are compelled to do so under the law or to comply with a court order.
Types of Information We Collect
Generally, you are free to browse the MonteCarloSS.com site without submitting any personal information.  We do not collect any of your personal information (such as a name, address or e-mail address) when you visit the MonteCarloSS.com site, unless you register or have registered on the Monte Carlo SS Message Board or SS Registry.  As part of such registration processes, you have the opportunity to keep certain information (such as your email address) hidden from public view.  Types of information collected on specific services on the MonteCarloSS.com site are described in more detail below.
Monte Carlo SS Message Board
MonteCarloSS.com requires users who want to participate in the Monte Carlo SS Message Board to register. In order to register, you must provide us with a username (which does not have to be your real name), password, a valid e-mail address, your first name, your general location (City & State) and what types of vehicles you have.  This allows us to protect our community from abusive postings and provides a verifiable point of contact should legal questions arise.  At any time, you have the ability to keep your e-mail address hidden from other users by selecting that option within your user profile.
When you register, you have the option of providing some additional information such as occupation, interests, and homepage URL.  This optional information is made available to other message board users to foster a sense of community. If you have any concerns about providing this information, simply leave the fields blank and your registration will still be processed.
IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE you are not allowed to participate in the Monte Carlo SS Message Board, or to provide any personal information on MonteCarloSS.com.
Postings on the Message Board
It is important for you to remain aware that when you provide personal information (e.g., last name, address, phone number) in a posting on the Monte Carlo SS Message Board, that information is available to any other person or user having access and use of the message board, and may be used by someone in a manner unintended by you.  For that reason, we discourage you from offering any personally identifying information within a posting to the Monte Carlo SS Message Board.
Message Board Cookies
The Infopop UBB software uses browser cookies to facilitate your Message Board experience.  These cookies are small sections of code that our server sends to your browser which it can then store on your hard drive. If you choose to accept these cookies, they enable us to recognize that your browser has previously visited and used the Message Board and, based on your browser’s previous visits, assist us with tailoring the information and content you view.  An example of the customization allowed by the use of such cookies is to retain your username and password as part of the forums on our site so you don’t have to re-enter them each time you visit.  These cookies do not collect, store or maintain your private, personally identifiable information. You do not have to accept these cookies to visit or use the MonteCarloSS.com site, and you can choose to refuse our cookie, delete our cookie from your hard drive or turn off the Infopop cookie at any time by updating your user profile preferences within the Message Board.
Monte Carlo SS Registry
MonteCarloSS.com requires users who want to submit an entry into the Monte Carlo SS Registry to register.  In order to register, you must provide us with a username (which does not have to be your real name), password, and a valid e-mail address.  This allows us to ensure the validity of the Registry Database and provides a verifiable point of contact should legal questions arise. At any time, you have the ability to keep your e-mail address hidden from other users by selecting that option within your Registry entry.
E-mail Addresses within the Registry
Your E-mail address will only be viewable to others if you click the “YES” button on the “ShowEmail” entry when adding or modifying a Registry record. E-mail addresses are not searchable. In all cases, the Registry Administrator can view and retrieve your e-mail address at any time, and will not give that information to anyone at anytime unless authorized by you.  By default, your e-mail address will not be viewable within the Registry.
VIN Numbers
VIN numbers are not viewable within the Registry, unless a Stolen SS search is performed and you have selected “Stolen – Not Recovered” in the condition field when entering your database entry. VIN numbers must be entered however to ensure the record’s validity.  The Registry Administrator can view and retrieve your VIN number at any time and will not give that information to anyone unless authorized by you.
Use and Disclosure of Your Information
MonteCarloSS.com uses the personal information it collects from registration forms you fill out on our site to allow users to access and participate on the Message Board and SS Registry.
We do not and will not disclose your private, personally identifiable information to any third party for any purpose without your prior consent.  However, MonteCarloSS.com reserves the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of MonteCarloSS.com, its administrators, or the public.  All reasonable care is taken by our staff in handling your personal information to ensure its security both offline and online.
Contact for Privacy Inquiries
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or other questions about privacy on the MonteCarloSS.com site, please contact us via the email below:
MonteCarloSS.com © 2019
Frontier Theme