https://mooringscamp.com/privacy-policy/
Call Us Email Us
Home
Sites & Reservations
Request Reservation
Rates, 2021
Park Trailer Rental
2021 Resort Map
About
About Moorings
Amenities
Policies
Workcamper Program
Moorings History
Things To Do
About the Area
Things To Do
Photo Gallery
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact / Directions
Privacy Policy
Moorings Oceanfront RV Resort is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizes your need for protection and management of any information by which you can be identified, such as your name, email address or telephone number. For this reason, we’ve established this privacy policy, so that you can understand how we carefully treat your information.
In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We track the Internet address of the domains from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but each individual user remains anonymous. Information about email recipients is tracked for statistical purposes. The information we collect and analyze is used solely to improve our service and communication to you.
Some of the pages of our website use cookies. Cookies are identifiers that are deposited on your computer, to better serve you with more tailored information when you return to our Site. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future, (b) you have registered on this website or otherwise have an existing relationship with us, or (c) you sent us an email containing a question or comment. If at any time you receive unwanted, unsolicited email sent from us, please let us know and we’ll be happy to remove your email address from our list.
Should you choose to use our online reservations system, the information you enter will remain private and secure. We never have, nor will we ever, sell your email address or other personal information to anyone. We promise.
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time, and will post any future revisions on here.
TestimonialsBill Rundgren – Billerica, MAWe had a great time at your campground…I’m sad to say that I have arrived back at my home base in MA. When I look out my front window I see cars going by…unlike the view I had at your lovely resort with the sound of the sea gulls and the bell clanging on the... Read more »