https://moosenetwork.com/privacy-policy/
+1 604 297 0255
+1 646-610-5000
Tours
Pacific 14 days
Sasquatch 11 days
Big West 10 days
Caribou 8 days
Tomahawk 7 days
Wapiti 6 days
Cougar 6 days
Coho 5 days
Island Explorer 4 days
Sea to Sky 2 days
Chinook 2 days
Roadrunner 2 days
Athabasca 3 days
Destinations
Rocky Mountains
Vancouver Island
Vancouver
Whistler
Banff
Jasper
Lake Louise
Victoria
Tofino
Kelowna
Tour Info
Travel Alerts
Activities
Accommodation
Pick-Up and Drop-Off Locations
Deals
Private Tours & Charter Transportation
Travel Insurance
SEE ALL TOURS
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective 25 May 2018
What is the purpose of this notice?
After many years in business, Moose Travel Network has processed thousands of reservations. This notice is to share with our passengers how we handle the information we collect from you – what we hold, where it’s from, who sees it, and what we do with it. We also aim to outline your rights under data protection law in relation to our processing of your data. This data protection notice covers personal data that is collected through our website (moosenetwork.com), our in-house booking engine, and through booking engines that are integrated into third party websites. Although you should bear in mind that where you access our booking engine on a third-party website, this data protection notice only applies to information we collect through your use of the booking engine, and does not apply to data collected or held by the operator of the third-party website.
Who controls the use of your personal data?
When this data protection notice mentions “we”, “us”, “our” or “Moose” we are referring to Moose Run Adventures (2011) Ltd. This comprises the Canadian tour bus company that collects your data through reservation details, and are in charge of the processing of your personal data. For more information about us, please click here.
What personal data is collected?
Here’s the information that can be requested from you when you reserve one of our tours; this applies to a direct booking through our website, or through a third-party website.
Name
Address
Nationality
Email address
Phone number
Credit card number
Passport or identification number
Why do you use my personal data?
As you probably expect, the main reason we use your personal data is in order to process your bookings and to deal with any queries or issues that arise in relation to those bookings. We also use your personal data for other reasons, such as tailoring our confirmation emails so they are relevant to you, and monitoring your use of our websites to help us make improvements. We collect your name as an identifier, and your credit card number to guarantee the reservation. By the terms of our cancellation policy, we will need this number to charge your card if you don’t show up to your booking without letting us know at least 24 hours prior to your scheduled arrival. Similarly, you may be required to provide certain information if you want to enter into a competition, participate in a survey, or if you contact our management team with a query or complaint. We will inform you where such information is required.
Information you are required to provide
You are not obliged to provide us with any of your personal data. However, if you want to make a booking you will need to provide us with the information that is indicated as required on our reservations page at moosenetwork.com. If you don’t provide us with this information, we won’t be able to process your booking. If you book with us directly, you’ll need to give us the following information only – your name, where you are from, your travel dates and preferred room type, email address, and a credit card number and expiry date. When you book with us, you’re agreeing to receive a confirmation letter and a pre-arrival letter.
Who do we share your personal data with?
When you book through our website, your data gets directed for processing to a company called Adventium Technology. They don’t share your personal information with any other companies. To view their privacy policy, click here. There are other ways that your data enters our systems. We work with certain Online Travel Agencies (OTAs), which are third party sites you can use to book with us. You give them your personal information directly, which they then pass on to us. These sites are –
Tourradar
Hero
Viator
Expedia
The Adventure People
Get Your Guide
Go Discover Abroad
You can also book with us through agencies, who share your data with us in a similar way. These are (including but not limited to) –
Adventure Destinations
American Institute for Foreign Study
BUNAC
Flight Centre
Global Work and Travel
Hostelling International
IACE Travel Toronto
Internex
Kilroy
Merit Travel
Nyquest
Samesun Vancouver
SWAP
Travel Cuts
V Travel
Please click on the names above to check out their respective privacy policies. Although we hope it never happens, on very rare occasions our customers can get into difficulties while travelling. Where we think that there is a risk to your health or wellbeing, we may share your personal data with third parties in order to get you help. We may also receive requests from law enforcement agencies for personal data that we hold (e.g. we might be asked to assist with locating a missing person). In such circumstances we will only share your personal data with such law enforcement agencies in compliance with data protection law. Moose may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of Moose
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with our services
Protect the personal safety of guests or the public
Protect against legal liability
What other kinds of data do we collect?
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our websites or when you access them by or through a mobile device – this is usage data. This usage data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our websites that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. When you access the websites by or through a mobile device, this usage data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our websites and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. They are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device; our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. Cookies are used to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website, and allow us to improve it. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. The cookies we use are performance cookies, that allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around on our website when they are using it. These cookies help us to improve the way the website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. These cookies provide statistics on how our website is used, help us improve the website by measuring any errors that occur, etc. Our cookies are third-party, meaning they are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website this would be a third-party cookie (e.g. Google Analytics). You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Cookie Name
Provider
Category
Duration
Purpose
_ga
Moosenetwork.com
Performance
2 years
This cookie is used for Google Analytics to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier.
_gid
Moosenetwork.com
Performance
1 day
This cookie is used for Google Analytics to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
_gat
Moosenetwork.com
Performance
1 minute
This cookie is used for Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google’s privacy policy and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out services provided by Google. Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. When you go to other websites from here, we advise you to be aware and read their privacy policy.
Retention of personal data
You are always considered a valued customer with Moose, so we hold onto your data in case you decide to ride with us again. If you want your data deleted permanently, please contact us using the information at the bottom of this notice, and we will guarantee its deletion within 30 days. We also keep it in case it’s needed for law enforcement or legal purposes. If this is ever required, we keep the data until the statute of limitations runs out on it (between 2 and 10 years).
Important Information about Consent
When we process your personal data on the basis of your consent, you are free to withdraw that consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent by contacting us using the contact details at the bottom of this notice. Please note that if you withdraw your consent we may not be able to continue to provide the related service to you.
Your rights under data protection law
You have various rights under data protection law in connection with our processing of your personal data. For example, you have the right to request a copy of your personal data that we hold and to request that we correct any errors in the personal data that we hold. These rights are subject to certain exceptions and exemptions. At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organization.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review: in the event that Moose refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why.
Our managers have been trained on how to help you exercise these rights. There are a few conditions and exemptions; get more details from the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Other Relevant Privacy Policies
While we don’t advertise online through websites that aren’t our own, we do have a social media presence on a few sites that have their own data protections policies. These policies are available by following the links below:
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
How Do We Protect Your Data?
Our online services are hosted securely by WordPress and managed by Syncopate Media, both which practice stringent data protection. We train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. Access to your personal information is restricted to employees who need it to provide benefits or services to you. The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Questions and Complaints
Moose reserves the right to change this policy, so please check back regularly for updates. If you have any queries or complaints in connection with our processing of your personal data, you can get in touch with us using the following contact details:
Email: DPO@moosebus.travel
Phone: 1-604-297-0255
Mail: 1018 Granville St, Vancouver BC, V6Z 1L5, Canada
COMPANYAbout Us
Contact Us
Travel, Inclusivity and Diversity
Our Partners
Work for us
POLICIESTerms & Conditions
COVID-19 Safety Policy
Privacy Policy
SOCIAL MEDIA
LEGALMoose Run Adventures (2011) Ltd.
dba Moose Travel Network
1018 Granville St
Vancouver, BC
Canada V6Z 1L5
Licence #63282