http://motorcities.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Privacy Policy
Privacy is important to us and we have added this privacy page, to explain a few quick things about the site and what info we collect, which is not much at all. We may change this Cookie Policy at any time. Please take a look at the “LAST Updated” date at the top of this page to see when this Cookie Policy was last revised. Any change in this Cookie Policy will become effective when we make the revised Cookie Policy available on or through the Site.
What Info Do We Collect and Why?
Whenever you comment on this blog you will be required to leave your email address. We only collect this so we can email you about your comment if need be. However if you leave your name and email in the opt in form box, you will then be send a confirmation email from Aweber, and if you click that, then your email will be moved to my Aweber email marketing list, so I can send you important updates. We will never ever sell your contact info or give it away to anyone, period!!
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. Browsers are usually set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you may alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function as effectively when viewed by the users. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive or pass on computer viruses.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
As you visit and browse our Web site, the site uses cookies to differentiate you from other users. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from having to log in more than is necessary for security. Cookies, in conjunction with our Web server’s log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our clients. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not intentionally store any personal information that your browser provided to us in your cookies.
What Cookies Do We Use?
Below we list the different types of Cookies that are used on the Site that you are visiting.
To the extent any personal information is collected through first-party Cookies, our Privacy Policy applies and complements this Cookie Policy. Personal information collected through a third-party Cookie is subject to the privacy policy of that third party, and not our Privacy Policy.
This blog uses technology known as “cookies” and web server log files to collect info, such as date and time of your visit, what pages you looked at and the time your spent on each page, etc..
The Basic Cookies
Basic Cookies enable you to navigate the Site and to use its services and features. Without these necessary Cookies, the Site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like it to and we may not be able to provide the Site or certain services or features. These cookies detects user’s country so they’re sent to the correct Amazon storefront when they click product links on our site.
Social Media Cookies
Social media Cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content you find interesting on our Site through third-party social networking and other websites. These Cookies may also be used for advertising purposes. These cookies are the Facebook cookie, Pinterest cookie etc. They are persistent cookies that expire after 2 years.
Analytics Cookies
Analytics Cookies collect information about your use of the Site, and enable us to improve the way it works. For example, Analytics Cookies show us which are the most frequently visited pages on the Site, help us record any difficulties you have with the Site, and show us whether our advertising is effective or not. Analytics Cookies allow us to see the overall patterns of usage on the Site, rather than the usage of a single person. We use information from Analytics Cookies to analyze the Site traffic, but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information. We are using cookies from Google Analytics, Clicky Analytics and VWO currently.
Advertising Cookies
Advertising Cookies are set to display targeted promotions or advertisements based upon your interests on the Site or to manage our advertising. These Cookies collect information about your activities on this Site and other websites to provide you targeted advertising. We are using cookies from DoubleClick.net, AdWords.com.
How Do I Manage Cookies?
You can change your Cookie settings above by opting out of each Cookie or all Cookies. You can also opt-out of all non-essential cookies by clicking the button at the end of this Cookie Policy.
In addition to the options provided above and below, you may refuse or accept Cookies from the Site or any other website at any time by activating settings on your browser. Most browsers automatically accept Cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline Cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline Cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of our Site that depend on Cookies. Information about the procedure to follow in order to enable or disable Cookies can be found at:
Chrome
Safari
Safari Mobile (iPhone and iPads)
Firefox
Microsoft Edge
For more information about other commonly used browsers, please refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html.
Please be aware that if Cookies are disabled, not all features of the Site may operate as intended.
Copyright
Under no circumstance can any content on this website be copied or reproduced in anyway. This includes any of the free motorcities reviews and videos that are hosted on the domain, https://motorcities.com. If any person or company does use the owner of this websites name, video, or blog content without getting written consent from the site then legal action may be undertaken against the offending parties.
IP Addresses
IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as traffic data so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.
Sharing and Selling Information
We do not share, sell, lend or lease any of the information that uniquely identify a subscriber (such as email addresses or personal details) with anyone except to the extent it is necessary to process transactions or provide services that you have requested.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights. We may also disclose account information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Service or to protect the safety of our users and the Public.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site or the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Website to another web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other web site, including web sites, which have a link on our Website, is subject to that Web site’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time with or without notice.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
Please note that your information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States. The laws on holding personal data in the United States may be less stringent than the laws of your Country of residence or citizenship. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Choice/Opt-In/Opt-Out
This site allows visitors to unsubscribe so that they will not receive future messages. After unsubscribing we will discontinue sending the particular messages as soon as technically feasible.
A Special Note About Children
Children are not eligible to use our services unsupervised and we ask that children (under the age of 14) do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with permission and guidance from your parents or guardians.
Acquisition or Changes in Ownership
In the event that the web site (or a substantial portion of its assets) is acquired, your information would be considered part of those assets, and may be part of those assets that are transferred.
Policy Modifications
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If/when changes are made to this privacy policy, we will email users who have given us permission to do so. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. However, please be assured that if the Privacy Policy changes in the future, we will not use the personal information you have submitted to us under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, without your prior consent.
Topics
Cars22
Motorcycle Gear3
Motorcycles6
Car Gear7
Retro Cars28
Tips & Advice7
Recent posts
Hybrid and Plug-In Hybrid Cars: Everything You Need To Know and FAQ
The Best Battery For Ford F150 – Reviews, Comparison, And Specifications
The Best Car Polishes On The Market – Reviews and Buying Guide
The Ultimate Guide To The Best Motorcycle Gloves
Can You Mix Engine Oils?
How To Prepare Your Car For The Winter Checklist: 12 Steps Every Driver Must Take Before The Freezing Days
The Best Oil Filters – Reviews and Comparison
Best Synthetic Oils On The Market – Reviews and Comparison
Best All Season Tires – Reviews and Comparison
Service Links Contact
Privacy Policy
About us
DMCA Notice
Anti-Spam Policy
Pepperjam Verification
facebook
instagram
tumblr
pinterest
youtube
Copyright © MotorCities.com
Home
Auto
Motorcycles
Follow us
Don't be shy, get in touch. We love meeting interesting people and making new friends.
facebook
instagram
tumblr
pinterest
youtube
Most popular
Best All Season Tires – Reviews and Comparison 1 month ago
Best Synthetic Oils On The Market – Reviews and Comparison 4 weeks ago
Best Car Battery To Buy in 2020 [Research, Reviews and Comparison] 2 weeks ago
The Best Oil Filters – Reviews and Comparison 4 weeks ago
Best Car Wax Reviews and Comparison 4 weeks ago
Best Car Battery Chargers – Reviews and Comparison 3 weeks ago
How To Choose The Best Motorcycle Helmet December 11, 2018
Motorcycle Rain Gear December 11, 2018
The Ultimate Guide To The Best Motorcycle Gloves 4 weeks ago
The Best Battery For Ford F150 – Reviews, Comparison, And Specifications 1 month ago