https://mouseinfo.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Mouseinfo.com (”Mouseinfo” or “We”) takes your privacy very seriously. This page sets forth our Privacy Policy and explains how we use the personal information that we collect from the visitors to our site located at www.Mouseinfo.com (collectively, “Mouseinfo.com” or “Site”). The purpose is to help you understand how we collect and use your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should contact us using the details given at the end of this document.
Please note that this Policy applies only to the Site and not to the web sites of other organizations to which we link. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or practices of any other third party sites and you should make your own inquiries regarding them.
Consent
By using the Site, you agree to our collecting and using your personal information in the manner described in this Policy.
What information do we collect about you?
The amount and type of information received depends on how you use the Site and its various features, including the Mouseinfo community forums (the “Forums”). In particular, when you visit the Site, you provide us with various types of information including personal information that you choose to disclose, information or content that you may choose to post to the Forums, and information regarding how you use the Site, which we collect as you interact with our Site.
With respect to personal information, you may provide us with various types of personal information in using the site, such as, for example, registering for and submitting comments to the Forums, or signing up for the Mouseinfo service. Such information may include your name, your email address, your telephone number, your address, your gender, and any other personal or preference information that we may request on a voluntary basis in order to provide you access to the services on the Site. Occasionally, we may also collect additional personal information from you, through optional polls, questionnaires, or surveys.
You may also choose to post content as a comment to the Forums. In doing so, please note that posting such content is at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users or visitors who may see your information. We cannot guarantee that content you post will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. You understand and acknowledge that, copies of removed content may remain viewable in cached/archived pages or if stored by others.
In terms of other information that we collect, whenever you visit the Site, we collect and store the name of your internet service provider, the browser (including available plug-ins and browser functionality) and type of machine you are using, the IP address, the website or Forums that referred you to us, the pages you request and the date and time of those requests (collectively, the “Browsing Information”). We do this through a variety of methods, including the use of “cookies,” which are pieces of data stored on your computer by your web browser. We may also use cookies to identify returning users, and to provide users of our Site with the added convenience by being able to quickly access login-required areas of the site. You can manage use of cookies through your browser settings. If you choose not to enable cookies on your browser, you may not be able to access all of the features on the Site.
We use the Browsing Information for purposes of Site administration as well as to understand Site use, including measuring Forums activity. Our goal is to continually improve the usefulness of your visits to the Forums. Obviously, the better we know you, the better job we can do of customizing the Site and Forums to suit your unique needs.
Third-Party Advertising
On occasion we may show third party advertisements on our site. The Browsing Information with respect to your visits to this site, such as number of times you have viewed a page or advertisement may be provided to such third-party advertisers, but we do not provide your name, address, or any other personal information to these parties.
Third-Party Cookies
While serving advertisements to our site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser, but they will not collect any personally identifiable information about you.
We do not collect personal information from children.
Children under 13 years old are not the target audience for the Site. To protect their privacy, we prohibit the solicitation of personal information from these children. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit your email address or any other personal information to us through the Site, including the Forums or the Mouseinfo service.
How is this information used?
We analyze our user behavior with this information to assess consumer interest in the various sections of our site. This is to assist us in product and service development and to advise advertisers on consumer viewing of their advertising.
Using the e-mail address you provide when signing up for the Forums or the Mouseinfo service, we may periodically send you promotional communications with information about services offered by us or our advertisers, including third party product and service providers.
We reserve the right to sell the database of our users or subscribers, as the case may be, (including personal data relating to you) to a third party if we sell, assign or transfer assets of our company to such third party.
Disclosure for Legal Purposes
We reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable information or other information we collect through the Site, the Forums or otherwise if we are required to do so by law or if we reasonably believe that the disclosure is necessary in order to (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of law or to comply with legal process served on us; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, the Forums or its users, or third party licensors of any material on the Site; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health or safety of the users of the Forums or the general public.
Opt Out
Any promotional correspondence to you will provide you with the ability to opt-out of receiving future Mouseinfo notifications, or third party messages.
We reserve the right to contact you via postal mail, e-mail or telephone strictly for the purposes of administering your account.
How do we protect your information?
We have strict security and confidentiality procedures pertaining to the storage and disclosure of your information. Appropriate measures will be taken to safeguard it, to prevent unauthorized access, and to comply with applicable laws regarding the protection of your personal information.
What else should you know about your privacy?
While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
Your use of the Site, including any disputes arising from it, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all dispute resolution provisions therein, limitation on damages and choice of law. We encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy. Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
Changes
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use at any time. Non-material changes and clarifications will take effect immediately, and material changes will take effect within 30 days of their posting on this site. If we make changes, we will post them. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or through notice on our home page.
The foregoing Policy is effective as of November 1, 2009.
Contact details
Should you feel that your privacy or security is being compromised, or have any questions on this policy, please notify us using the contact information provided on the Site.
ON-GOING COVERAGE
SPECIAL OFFERS
Affiliate Disclosure: If you buy something through links on this page, MouseInfo may get a share of the sale.
ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with MouseInfo »
SHOP NOW Buy on Amazon,
Support MouseInfo!
Visit Amazon from any of the links below and any purchases you make will help us here at MouseInfo!