https://murrietaswell.com/policies
phone
calendar
video
gift
basket
envelope
key
tools
profile-female
bottle
map-pin
heart
facebook
twitter
instagram
Policies
Privacy Policy
Murrieta’s Well has updated the Privacy Policy in connection with the new California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) which became effective on January 1, 2020. This policy covers the following:
Defines what information is collected from Murrieta’s Well customers
Describes how consumer personal information is used
How and why Murrieta’s Well shares information to 3rd party partners Explains the process to have personal information disclosed and/or deleted by customer
Defines the California residents' rights under the CCPA
Collection of Information
Murrieta’s Well collects information provided by customers in course of business transaction including but not limited to: Name, Mailing Address, Phone Number, Email Address, birth date, personal interests or preferences, purchases made, payment information such as bank account and payment card numbers, expiration dates required to execute your transaction.
Other information that may collected include computer, mobile device, and/or browser information such as location, hardware & software information, as well as other non-personal information such as access times, domains, browser type, operating system, IP Addresses, and cookie information
Cookies, web beacons, and other technologies may be used to analyze and track usage data, determine popularity of certain content, and deliver advertising,
Use of Information
We use information provided by customers to process transactions and fulfill orders. We use information to manage wine club programs and other loyalty programs.
Data is used to send customers news and information regarding our services, promotions, events, etc.
We may use information to track and analyze trends in connection to our services, to improve content, and for advertising of our services and products, We may collect information to verify your identity, age, or to investigate and prevent fraud or other illegal activities (although Wente assumes no liability or responsibility to undertake any specific investigation or fraud prevention activities).
Sharing of Information
We may share Information about you as follows:
With 3rd parties that provide information processing services with us for the purpose of processing transactions payment card processing, management of wine clubs, shipment compliance, and other entities that are part of the payment or shipment process
In response to a request by law enforcement or other governmental entity or court order or subpoena: if under a legal obligation to do so.
Murrieta’s Well does not sell any identifiable personal information obtained from our customers.
We may also share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information to 3rd parties for the purpose of analytics or our services.
Security
Murrieta’s Well takes appropriate and commercially reasonable measures including administrative, technical and physical safeguards, to protect personal information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Contracts with 3rd party partners who process and/or store personal information require provisions regarding data security and unauthorized access
No transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure and Murrieta’s Well cannot guarantee the security of any information you provide to us.
Customers will be notified if any third party interference occurs.
Your Options
Murrieta’s Well intends to keep your information secure, accurate, and up-to-date. Customers have the right to inquiry the data Murrieta’s Well collected from you.
Customers also have the right to have collected data deleted.
In order to review, correct, restrict, or delete your information Murrieta’s Well collected and have on file, please take one of the following actions:
Contact privacy@murrietaswell.com
Call our office at 866-456-6208
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject cookies, however our services may not function properly if you do so.
If you are a customer certain information be must maintained to properly service your account. For example, to process a club order we would need name, address, payment information, and club preferences.
Be aware that even if you request information to be removed from our systems, such information may never be completely removed due to technical and legal constraints, including backup and disaster recovery systems.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about information we collect for residents and about information we disclose to third parties. If you would like to request access to this information or request deletion of personal information, please contact us using one of the contact options listed in the Your Options section.
Please note, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling any of the above requests. This could be thru verifying two to three data points regarding your identity.
Per this legislation, a consumer may make a request for personal information or erasure request twice in a twelve-month period. Murrieta’s Well has 45 days from a request to respond.
Murrieta’s Well does not sell personal information for money.
Murrieta’s Well does not direct services toward individuals under the age of twenty-one years of age and nor do we knowingly collect personal information from Minors.