https://mx5oc.co.uk/privacy/
HOME
NEWS
EMAIL SUBSCRIPTION
ABOUT
MEMBERSHIP
LOGIN
JOIN
MEMBER BENEFITS
FORUM
MOTORSPORT
MOTORSPORT GALLERY
TECHNICAL AREA
CLUB STORE
CONTACT
LOG IN
Privacy and Cookie Information
Welcome. The MX-5 Owners Club offers this site to you subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms”). Your use of this site shall be your agreement to abide by each of the terms set forth below. If you do not agree with any of these terms, please do not use this site. If you have any questions about these terms, please contact the web administrator here email administrator The MX-5 Owners Club shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at incorrect price. The MX-5 Owners Club shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, The MX-5 Owners Club shall promptly issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge.  Local Laws The MX-5 Owners Club controls and operates this Site from its headquarters in United Kingdom and makes no representation that the information, products or services are appropriate or will be available for use in other locations. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all marketing or promotional materials found on this Site are solely directed to individuals, companies or other entities located in the United Kingdom. If you use this Site from outside the United Kingdom, you are entirely responsible for compliance with applicable local laws, including but not limited to the export and import regulations.
The materials on this Site are subject to the United Kingdom Laws and Regulations.
Trademarks The MX-5 Owners Club trademark may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not a MX-5 Owners Club product or service.
Terms of Use Revisions The MX-5 Owners Club may revise these Terms at any time without notice by updating this posting. Your continued use of the Site after such modifications have been made will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.
Applicable Law Any action related to these Terms will be governed by United Kingdom law, without regard to the choice or conflicts of law provisions of any jurisdiction. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the United Kingdom, for the resolution of all disputes arising from or related to these Terms and/or your use of the Site.
Unauthorized Activities Submissions and unauthorized use of any materials contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, certain communications statutes and regulations and other applicable laws and regulations. You alone are responsible for your actions or the actions of any person using your user name and/or password. As such, you shall indemnify and hold The MX-5 Owners Club and its officers, directors, affiliates, agents and business partners harmless from and against any and all costs, damages, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred in relation to, arising from, or for the purpose of avoiding, any claim or demand from a third party that your use of the Site or the use of the Site by any person using your user name and/or password (including without limitation your participation in the posting areas or your Submissions) violates any applicable law or regulation, or the rights of any third party.
How Do We Use Cookies? We place a cookie, which is a small text file, on to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser. This file enables us to enhance your future visits to the site through personalised greetings, the showing of relevant content and the storage of previously found items of interest. All we can do to the cookie is write data to it. We can’t, nor will not, make anything run on your PC. If you choose to delete the site cookies or do not have your browser set to accept cookies from this site, you will still be able to view the site, however you will not experience a personalised visit nor will you be able to benefit from other personalised site offerings.
Do We Share Your Information?
The MX-5 Owners Club will not share personal information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions listed below. The MX-5 Owners Club will only disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the MX-5 Owners Club; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of the MX-5 Owners Club, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of the members of the MX-5 Owners Club, or the public.
How Secure Is Your Personal Information? We recognise that you are increasingly concerned about the protection of personal information from misuse and abuse, and about privacy in general. We review and enhance our technical, physical and managerial procedures in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure personal data in order to protect it from unauthorised access, accidental loss and/or destruction at regular intervals. We use industry standard 128 bit secure sockets layer (SSL) technology to encrypt sensitive information such as your credit card and other financial information. We do not store your credit card details nor a human readable version of your log-in password. It is important to remember to protect yourself against unauthorised access to your password if you use a shared PC. Make sure you log off and close your browser when you have finished using it.
How Can You Gain Access To Your Personal Information? We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. You may review and update this information at any time by writing to us at:
MX-5 O C Membership Administration
Kernshill, Shute Street
Stogumber, Taunton, TA4 3TU
Please quote your membership number, name and address. We would be grateful if you could also provide details of the information required as this will help us to accurately deliver your requirements. For the protection of all our members, we will take all reasonable steps to confirm your identity before providing you with details of any personal information we may hold about you. We will respond to such requests within 20 working days.
Revised Constitution Oct 2012
My Local Area Page
Home
Central Scotland
Channel Islands
Cheshire & North Wales
Cornwall
East Sussex
Eastern
Grampian
Highland & Moray
Isle Of Man
Kent
Lincolnshire
Manchester
Milton Keynes & Chilterns
Norfolk
North East Midlands
North Thames
North West
North West Midlands
Northamptonshire
Northern Ireland
Oxford
Peaks & Pennines
Solent
South Central
South Wales
South West
South West Midlands
Sussex Downs
Tayside
Tyne Tees
Wessex
West London
West Midlands
Western
Yorkshire Ridings
Search the Site
Search for:
What's On This Week?
Dec
12
Sat
2020
all-day
Christmas Party – CANCELLED
@ TBC
Christmas Party – CANCELLED
@ TBC
Dec 12 all-day
Annual CNW Christmas party
12:30 pm
Christmas Lunch – Saturday 12th ...
@ The Sutton Arms
Christmas Lunch – Saturday 12th ...
@ The Sutton Arms
Dec 12 @ 12:30 pm
Our Christmas Lunch venue The Sutton Arms, ScawbyAfter a successful Christmas Lunch 2019 we are trying again for round 2 at our regular club meeting venue. There is a large car park and we have[...]
Dec
13
Sun
2020
all-day
December Xmas Do
December Xmas Do
Dec 13 all-day
8:30 am
Surrey Classic Car Breakfast Meet
@ The Black Swan
Surrey Classic Car Breakfast Meet
@ The Black Swan
Dec 13 @ 8:30 am – 12:00 pm
Informal meeting for coffee or breakfast.  Just off A3 near Ripley/Cobham  KT11 1NG
11:30 am
Christmas Lunch Run
Christmas Lunch Run
Dec 13 @ 11:30 am
The lunch is organised by Dave & Lyn. Date is provisional, details to follow.
Dec
16
Wed
2020
7:00 pm
Norfolk Fives Monthly Meeting
@ Bird in Hand
Norfolk Fives Monthly Meeting
@ Bird in Hand
Dec 16 @ 7:00 pm – 10:30 pm
The monthly meeting is on the 3rd Wednesday of the month at the Bird in Hand. Pop along and enjoy the food and drink available at the Bird in Hand, friendly conversation and a[...]
View Calendar
Add
Add to Timely Calendar
Add to Google
Add to Outlook
Add to Apple Calendar
Add to other calendar
Export to XML
The thrill of owning an MX-5
Social Media Links Connect and follow us on Social Media
Recent Tweets
Tweets by @mx5oc
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more