https://my.boatingsafety.com/page/terms
Terms - Sea Tow Foundation
Contact Us | Print Page | Report Abuse | Sign In | Register
Toggle navigationMENUHomeDonateHelp Get InvolvedGet Our NewsletterConnect with Boating Safety GroupsLearn About Sea Tow FoundationPrograms Life Jacket Loaner ProgramFlare Disposal ProgramSober Skipper Program Advisory CouncilResourcesBlogShop
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
Terms
TermsWelcome to the BoatingSafety.com website ("Site").  Sea Tow Foundation, Inc. provides services to you subject to the notices, terms, and conditions set forth in this agreement ("Agreement").  In addition, when you use any of our services (e.g., Member Self Service), you will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such service, and they are incorporated into this Agreement by reference. We reserve the right to change this Site and these terms and conditions at any time.  ACCESSING, BROWSING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SITE INDICATES YOUR AGREEMENT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT, SO PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE PROCEEDING.  USE OF SITE You represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old or visiting the Site under the supervision of a parent or guardian. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, we hereby grant you a limited, revocable, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to access and use the Site by displaying it on your internet browser only for the purpose of learning about Sea Tow Foundation, its services and purchasing products sold on the Site and not for any commercial use or use on behalf of any third party, except as explicitly permitted by us in advance and in writing.  Any breach of this Agreement shall result in the immediate revocation of the license granted in this paragraph without notice to you. Except as permitted in the paragraph above, you may not reproduce, distribute, display, sell, lease, transmit, create derivative works from, translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, decompile or otherwise exploit this Site or any portion of it unless expressly permitted by us in writing.  You may not make any commercial use of any of the information provided on the Site or make any use of the Site for the benefit of another business unless explicitly permitted by us in advance and in writing.  We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel purchases and/or orders at our discretion, including, without limitation, if we believe that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to our interests. You shall not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through this Site any Content, information, or other material that (a) violates or infringes the copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights of any person; (b) is libelous, threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, pornographic, or could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under U.S. or international law; or (c) includes any bugs, viruses, worms, trap doors, Trojan horses or other harmful code or properties. Content provided on this site is solely for informational purposes.  Submissions or opinions expressed on this Site are that of the individual expressing such Submission or opinion and may not reflect our opinions.  Product representations expressed on this Site are that of the vendor and are not made by us. You may establish  a password and account identification to enable you to access and use certain portions of this Site. Each time you use a password or account identification, you will be deemed to be authorized to access and use the Site in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and we have no obligation to investigate the authorization or source of any such access or use of the Site.  YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE BY ANYONE USING THE PASSWORD AND IDENTIFICATION ORIGINALLY  CREATED BY YOU WHETHER OR NOT SUCH ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE IS ACTUALLY AUTHORIZED BY YOU, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL COMMUNICATIONS AND TRANSMISSIONS AND ALL OBLIGATIONS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS) INCURRED THROUGH SUCH ACCESS OR USE.  You are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of the password and identification created by you.  You shall immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or identification or any other breach or threatened breach of this Site's security.REVIEWS AND COMMENTS Except as otherwise provided elsewhere in this Agreement or on the Site, anything that you submit or post to the Site and/or provide us, including without limitation, ideas, know-how, techniques, questions, reviews, comments, and suggestions (collectively, "Submissions") is and will be treated as nonconfidential and nonproprietary, and we shall have the royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and transferable right to use, copy, distribute, display, publish, perform, sell, lease, transmit, adapt, create derivative works from such Submissions by any means and in any form, and to translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or decompile such Submissions.  All Submissions shall automatically become our sole and exclusive property and shall not be returned to you. In addition to the rights applicable to any Submission, when you post or submit comments or reviews to the Site, you also grant us the right to use the name that you submit with any review, comment, or other content, if any, in connection with such review, comment, or other content.  You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the reviews, comments and other content that you post on this Site and that use of your reviews, comments, or other Submissions by us will not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party.  You shall not use a false e mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself or otherwise mislead us or third parties as to the origin of any Submissions or content.  We may, but shall not be obligated to, remove or edit any Submissions (including comments or reviews) for any reason. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY All text, graphics, button icons, images, audio clips, and software (collectively, "Content"), belongs exclusively to Sea Tow Foundation, Inc., or its affiliates. The collection, arrangement, and assembly of all Content on this Site (the "Compilation") belongs exclusively to Sea Tow Foundation, Inc. or its affiliates.  All software used on this Site (the "Software") is the property of Sea Tow Foundation, Inc., its affiliates or its Software suppliers.  The Content, the Compilation and the Software are all protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.  Sea Tow Foundation’s associated designs and logos, slogans, trade names or words are registered trademarks, trademarks or service marks of Sea Tow Services International, Inc., its affiliates, suppliers, or third parties.  The use of any of our trademarks or service marks without our express written consent is strictly prohibited.  You may not use our trademarks or service marks in connection with any product or service in any way that is likely to cause confusion.  You may not use our trademarks or service marks in any manner that disparages or discredits us.  You may not use any of our trademarks or service marks in meta tags without prior explicit consent. PRIVACY POLICY Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to this Site, to understand our practices.  Our Privacy Policy is available at http://boatingsafety.com/pages/privacy
RISK OF LOSS; OTHER TERMS OF SALE The risk of loss and title for items purchased by you pass to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier pursuant to our standard terms of sale. TERMINATION AND EFFECT OF TERMINATION In addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, we may, without prior notice to you, immediately terminate the Agreement or revoke any or all of your rights granted under this Agreement.  Upon any termination of this Agreement, you shall immediately cease all access to and use of the Site and we shall, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, immediately revoke all password(s) and account identification issued to you and deny your access to and use of this Site in whole or in part.  Any termination of this Agreement shall not affect the respective rights and obligations (including without limitation, payment obligations) of the parties arising before the date of termination. INTERNATIONAL ACCESS This Site may be accessed from countries other than the United States.  This Site may contain products or references to products that are not available outside of the United States. Any such references do not imply that such products will be made available outside the United States.  If you access and use this Site outside the United States, you are responsible for complying with your local laws and regulations. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THIS SITE, THE PRODUCTS OFFERED FOR SALE ON IT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONDUCTED THROUGH IT ARE PROVIDED BY US ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, DATA ACCURACY AND SYSTEM INTEGRATION.  THIS SITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES, MISTAKES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.  WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES (REGARDLESS OF THE FOUNDATION FOR THE ACTION) SHALL NOT EXCEED IN THE AGGREGATE THE AMOUNT OF FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO US DURING THE MONTH IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE ACT ALLEGEDLY GIVING RISE TO OUR LIABILITY. TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price.  We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.  If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. LINKS This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties.  You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site. COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide BoatingSafety.com’s copyright agent the written information specified below. Please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying Sea Tow Foundation that your copyrighted material has been infringed.
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon; A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site, including the auction ID number, if applicable; Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; An affidavit by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Sea Tow Foundation’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on its site can be reached as follows: Sea Tow Foundation, Inc., Attn: Corporate Counsel, P.O. Box 1325, Southold NY 11971 REMEDIES You agree that our remedy at law for any actual or threatened breach of this Agreement would be inadequate and that we shall be entitled to specific performance or injunctive relief, or both, in addition to any damages that we may be legally entitled to recover, together with reasonable expenses of any form of dispute resolution, including, without limitation, attorneys' fees. No right or remedy of ours shall be exclusive of any other, whether at law or in equity, including without limitation damages injunctive relief, attorneys' fees and expenses. No instance of waiver by us of our rights or remedies under these terms and conditions shall imply any obligation to grant any similar, future or other waiver. RETURNS, REFUNDS AND TITLE Sea Tow Foundation does not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our fulfillment center.  At our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return.  In this situation, Sea Tow Foundation does not take title to the refunded item.   Please contact the Sea Tow Foundation at 888-276-7691 or info@boatingsafety.com for information on a specific refund or return-related item. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS When you visit BoatingSafety.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically.  You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site.  You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. APPLICABLE LAW This site is created and controlled by us in the State of New York, USA.  As such, the laws of the State of New York will govern these disclaimers, terms, and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. DISPUTES Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Site or to the products you purchase through the Site shall be submitted seeking the appropriate relief in an state or federal court in the State of New York, except that to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of Nevada.  You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the Site or this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever banned. SEVERABILITY If any these provisions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed several and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision. OUR ADDRESS Please send any questions or comments (including all inquiries unrelated to copyright infringement) regarding this Site to: Sea Tow Foundation, Inc., Attn: Executive Director, P.O. Box 1325, Southold, NY 11971 Have questions? Prefer to order by Phone or Email? The Sea Tow Foundation is happy to help! Contact Sea Tow Foundation at: Phone: 888-276-7691 Email: info@boatingsafety.com
The Website is operated, and the Applications provided by Sea Tow Foundation, Inc. ("we" or "us").  Access to STF Media It is your responsibility to ensure your computer or mobile device meets all the necessary technical specifications to enable you to access and use the STSI Media. Apple Applications are only licensed for use on a device owned or controlled by you and using the Apple iPhone OS, so you must make sure that you use an appropriate device to access and use any Apple Application. Other Applications may only be used on a device owned or controlled by you running the OS for which the Other Application concerned was designed.
We may, from time to time, restrict access to certain features, parts or content of the Website, or the entire Website.
Operation of the STF Media
We cannot guarantee the continuous, uninterrupted or error-free operability of the STF Media. There may be times when all of, or certain features, parts or content of, the STSI Media, becomes unavailable (whether on a scheduled or unscheduled basis) or are modified, suspended or withdrawn by us, in our sole discretion, without notice to you. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any unavailability, modification, suspension or withdrawal of any STF Media, or any features, parts or content of any STF Media.
What you are allowed to do You may only use the STF Media for your own non-commercial personal use and only in accordance with these terms.
Subject to the following sections, you may retrieve and display content from the STF Media on a computer or mobile device, print pages from our website and store the STF Media in electronic form.
Additional terms may also apply to certain features, parts or content of the STF Media and, where they apply, are set out in these terms, incorporated by reference, or will be displayed before you access the relevant features, parts or content.  The following are incorporated by reference: (a) Sea Tow Foundation Boating Safety Membership Agreement, found at: boatingsafety.com; (b) Google® Maps Terms and Conditions, found at: m.google.com/tos_maps; and  What you are not allowed to do Except to the extent expressly set out in these terms, you are not allowed to:  (a)          create (whether for yourself or someone else) any product or service which seeks to match the performance of, or the capital or income value of which is related to, any STF Media;  (b)          republish, redistribute or re-transmit any STF Media;  (c)           copy or store the STF Media other than for your own personal non-commercial use and as may occur incidentally in the normal course of use of your browser or mobile device; (d)          store the STF Media (including pages of our website) on a server or other storage device connected to a network or create a database by systematically downloading and storing any data from the STF Media;  (e)           remove or change any content of the STF Media or attempt to circumvent security or interfere with the proper working of the STF Media or any servers on which it is hosted;  (f)            create links to our website from any other website, without our prior written consent, although you may link from a website that is operated by you provided the link is not misleading or deceptive and fairly indicates its destination, you do not imply that we endorse you, your website, or any products or services you offer, you link to (and do not frame or replicate) the home page of our website, and the linked website does not contain any content that is unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, pornographic, obscene, vulgar, indecent, offensive or which infringes on the intellectual property rights or other rights of any third party; or  (g)           otherwise do anything that it is not expressly permitted by these terms.
You must only use the STF Media and anything available via the STF Media for lawful purposes (complying with all applicable laws and regulations), in a responsible manner, and not in a way that might damage our name or reputation or that of any of our franchisees or licensees.
All rights granted to you under these terms will terminate immediately in the event that you are in breach of any of them.
To do anything with the STF Media that is not expressly permitted by these terms, you will need a separate icense from us. Please contact us via info@boatingsafety.com.
Apple Applications If the STF Media that you access and use is an Apple Application, then:  (a)           the Apple Application may only be accessed and used on a device owned or controlled by you and using the Apple iPhone OS;  (b)          you acknowledge and agree that:                  (1)          Apple has no obligation at all to provide any support or maintenance services in relation to the Apple Application. If you have any maintenance or support questions in relation to the Apple Apps, please contact us, not Apple, using the contacting us details at the end of these terms;                  (2)          although these terms are entered into between us and you (and not Apple), Apple, as a third party beneficiary under these terms, will have the right to enforce these terms against you;                  (3)          except as otherwise expressly set out in these terms, any claims relating to the possession or use of the Apple Application are between you and us (and not between you, or anyone else, and Apple); and                  (4)           in the event of any claim by a third party that your possession or use (in accordance with these terms) of the Apple Application infringes any intellectual property rights, Apple will not be responsible or liable to you in relation to that claim; (c)            you represent and warrant that:                 (1)          you are not, and will not be, located in any country that is the subject of a US Government embargo or that has been designated by the US Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and                 (2)          you are not listed on any US Government list of prohibited or restricted parties; and                 (3)          if the Apple Application that you have purchased does not conform to any warranty applying to it, you may notify Apple, which will then refund the purchase price of the Apple Application to you. Subject to that, and to the maximum extent permitted by law, Apple does not give or enter into any warranty, condition or other term in relation to the Apple Application and will not be liable to you for any claims, losses, costs or expenses of whatever nature in relation to the Apple Application or as a result of you or anyone else using the Apple Apps or relying on any of its content.
Intellectual property rights All intellectual property rights in the STF Media and in any content of the STF Media (including graphics, software, photographs and other images, videos, sound, words, phrases, logos and other trademarks; text, content, layout, and other copyright-protected works; business and nautical methods, vendors, memberships and other proprietary, trade secrets) are owned by us. Except as expressly set out here, nothing in these terms gives you any rights in respect of any intellectual property owned by us and you acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading or using any STSI Media. In the event you print off, copy or store any STSI Media (only as permitted by these terms), you must ensure that any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property right notices contained in the original content are reproduced.
Content and its intended use We may change the format and content of the STF Media from time to time. You agree that your use of the STF Media is on an “as is” and “as available” basis and at your sole risk.
While we try to make sure that all information contained in the STF Media (other than any user-generated content) is correct, it is not intended to amount to authority or advice on which reliance should be placed.
The STF Media is not intended to constitute or form the basis of any advice (professional or otherwise) or to be used in, or in relation to, any decision or transaction.
We do not accept any liability (regardless of how it might arise) for any claim or loss arising from any information, advice or material given, the content of STF Media, or the consequences of your use or reliance thereupon.
We do not enter into any terms or make any representations as to the accuracy, completeness, currency, correctness, reliability, integrity, quality, fitness for purpose or originality of any content of the STSI Media and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all implied warranties, conditions or other terms of any kind are hereby excluded. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we accept no liability for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of you or anyone else using the STSI Media or relying on any of its content.
We cannot and do not guarantee that any content of the STF Media will be free from viruses and/or other code that may have contaminating or destructive elements. It is your responsibility to implement appropriate IT security safeguards (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements as to the safety and reliability of content.
Your personal information Use of your personal information submitted to us (whether via our website or otherwise) is governed by our privacy policy, incorporated by reference, and found at: boatingsafety.com.
External links Our website may, from time to time, include links to external sites. We have included links to these sites to provide you with access to information and services that you may find useful or interesting. We are not responsible for the content of these sites or for anything provided by them and do not guarantee that they will be continuously available. The fact that we include links to such external sites does not imply any endorsement of, or association with, their operators.
General You agree that these terms, and access to and use of STF Media shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, and we can only be sued in the State of New York.  You further agree to personal jurisdiction in the State of New York.  Nothing, however, shall prevent or limit us from bringing proceedings to protect our intellectual property and other rights before any competent court.
Contacting us Please submit any questions you have about these terms and conditions or any problems concerning the STF Media by email to info@boatingsafety.com, by telephone at 888-276-7691, or write to us at:
Sea Tow Foundation, Inc. P.O. Box 1325 Southold, New York 11971-0958 Attn: Mobile Terms of Use
©2020, Sea Tow Foundation, Inc.  All rights reserved.
With a focus on safe boating practices that result in fun on the water, the Sea Tow Foundation – a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization – was established in 2007 by Sea Tow Founder Capt. Joe Frohnhoefer. After his passing in 2015, Captain Joe’s legacy continues as the Foundation brings attention to the number of preventable boating-related injuries, deaths, and damage to property, that directly addresses prevention methods through education and awareness. For more information contact us at: Email: info@boatingsafety.com Phone: (888) 276-7691
Latest News
more
9/24/2020Sea Tow Foundation DIY Craft Time: Nautical Picture Frame9/2/2020Sea Tow Foundation Announces Official Call for Entry
for National Boating Industry Safety Awards
Calendar
more
The upcoming calendar is currently empty.Click here to view past events and photos »
Newest Members
E. SonstebyBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubB. RosellaBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubB. ParkerBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubA. SutterBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubC. SpeckmanBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubA. RevakBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubC. MullenBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubD. CantrellBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubB. ParkerBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubC. KellyBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubD. LundBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubA. SpaethBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubB. SprengBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubA. GossBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubK. VollbrechtBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubB. MarquardtBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubA. HardBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubD. HasbrouckBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubM. CarrickBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubM. O'HaraBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubJ. SprengBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubR. DobreffBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubL. GoldbergBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubL. BowieBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubR. AtkinsonBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubS. IssacksBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubK. SeeligBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubJ. WeirBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubT. RosellaBoating Safety: Freedom Boat ClubM. HillsBoating Safety: Freedom Boat Club
Online Surveys
Sea Tow Foundation:
Sober Skipper:
Sea Tow Foundation - P.O. Box 1325 - Southold, NY 11971www.boatingsafety.com - 888-276-7691 – All Rights Reserved © 2020Privacy Policy - Terms
Membership Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal