http://mytriops.com/en/privacy.php
My Triops
Home
Blog
Gallery
FAQ
Articles
All articles
What are Triops?
The Appeal of Triops
Anatomy of Triops
Eggs & Detritus
Eggs and Babies
How to raise Triops
Container Types
Companions to Triops
Why they're important
Food Recipes
Species Overview
Species Descriptions
Scientific papers
Quick Hatching Guide
Forum
Links
About
×
Questions? Join our Facebook group!
As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is My Triops' policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://www.mytriops.com, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties beside the ones given below, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
Please note we are using beside our contact form some third party software to improve the user experience. Those third party software may collect some data. You may visit their websites to opt out of the use of cookies for personalised advertising.
We are using following services that may collect personal data:
Google analytics
Google adsense
Matomo
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Please visit the websites listed above to opt out of the use of cookies for personalised advertising (if the vendor or ad network offers this capability). Alternatively, you can opt out of some third-party vendors’ uses of cookies for personalised advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
Also please note the following things:
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's previous visits to your website or other websites.
Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
This policy is effective as of 14 August 2018.
© MyTriops.com 2018 | Contact | Privacy Policy