https://nares.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Who we are
NAReS, we are committed to maintaining trust and confidence to all of our website visitors. We will never sell, rent to trade email lists with other companies for marketing purposes. For that reason, in this Privacy Policy there is lots of information on when and why we collect your personal data and how we use it.
Types of data we collect
Website Cookies
Our website use cookies to collect information.  This includes information about browsing and purchasing behaviour by people who access our website: pages viewed, products purchased and the customer journey around our websites. Detailed information is set out in our Cookie Policy. Click here.
Google Analytics
When someone visits www.nares.org.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Mailing Lists
As part of the registration process membership that we offer to you on our website, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
Third Parties
Your information is only accessible to third parties which help us to manage our business, such as our Accountants and Web Hosting (BlueStar).
Please rest assured that none of the above partners are able contact you unless you tell them this is acceptable.  We will not share sensitive information or your payment details. This is something you will control.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer Jon Finch at infomanagement@nares.org.uk>
We will action these requests as quickly as possible for you.
Time your data will be held for
We hold your data for 7 years.
Your legal entitlement to the data we hold
You may at any time request a copy of the data that we hold in your name.  You may also request that any data that we hold in your name is removed from our systems (provided the time limit above is met).
Changes to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Policy will be updated annually.
Membership
NARES offers 3 types of Membership.
Associate MembersFor small groups from 2 people
More Information
Business MembersBusinesses or commercial organisations that employ re-enactors
More Information
Full MembersFor groups in excess of 10 people
More Information
Please read our Cookie Policy which you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.