https://nares.org.uk/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
What are Cookies?
Like most websites, NAReS uses cookies to collect information.  Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smart ‘phones or ‘tablets’) as you browse this website.  They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our websites.  Cookies are essential for the effective operation of our website and to help you work with us online.  They are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to you, both on our website and elsewhere.
Information Collected
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour when you access this website via the same computer or device.  This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and your journey around a website.  We do not use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or other contact details.  We can use cookies to monitor your browsing and purchasing behaviour.
How are cookies managed?
The cookies stored on your computer or other device when you access our websites are designed by:
– NAReS
– Third parties who participate with us in marketing programmes; and
– Third parties who broadcast advertisements on behalf of NAReS
What are cookies used for?
The main purposes for which cookies are used are:
For technical purposes essential to effective operation of our website, particularly in relation to online transactions and site navigation.
For NAReS to market to you, particularly online advertisements and targeted updates.
To enable NAReS to collect information about your browsing  patterns, including to monitor the success of campaigns and such like.
How do I disable cookies?
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies.  How you can do this will depend on the browser you use.
Further details on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers are set out below:
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Internet Options”
Click on the “privacy” tab
Select the setting the appropriate setting
For Google Chrome:
Choose Settings, click Advanced
Under “Privacy and security,” click “Content settings”.
Click “Cookies”
For Safari:
Choose Preferences, then Privacy
Click on “Remove all Website Data”
What happens if I disable cookies?
This depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the website may not operate properly if cookies are switched off.  If you only disable third party cookies, you will not be prevented from making purchases on websites.  If you disable all cookies, you will be unable to complete a purchase on many third party sites.
Membership
NARES offers 3 types of Membership.
Associate MembersFor small groups from 2 people
More Information
Business MembersBusinesses or commercial organisations that employ re-enactors
More Information
Full MembersFor groups in excess of 10 people
More Information
Please read our Cookie Policy which you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.