https://nebraskawildliferehab.org/wildlife-help/found-a-wild-animal/mammals.html
Skip to main content
Baby Mammals
Found a Wild Animal?
Found a Wild Animal?
Tips on Determining and Helping an Animal in Need (All Animals)
Baby Mammals
Baby Birds
Bats
Cottontail Rabbits
Ducks, Geese and Other Water Birds
Foxes, Coyotes & Bobcats
Opossums
Raccoons
Raptors
Reptiles & Amphibians
Skunks
Squirrels
White-Tailed Deer
Woodchucks
Other Animals
How To Get Help for a Wild Animal
Nuisance Wildlife Issues
Overview
Bats
Birds
Coyotes
Opossums
Rabbits
Raccoons
Skunks
Squirrels
Woodchucks
Moles & Small Rodents
Tips for Gardeners
Tips for Backyard Ponds
Tips for Pet Owners
Other Wildlife Links
If You Find a Baby MammalIs the baby injured (bleeding, broken bones, puncture wounds, been in a cat's mouth, open wounds, etc.)?
If YES, the baby will need our help. Click here for instructions on how to get it to NWRI.
If NO, see below.
Can you find the nest or den? Can you safely approach it?
If YES, and the baby is warm, place the baby back in the nest (for ground-dwelling mammals) or put the baby animal as close to the entrance to the nest or den as possible (possibly at the base of the tree or structure where the nest is located). If there are several babies, you can place them in a shallow cardboard box to await their mother's return.
If NO, you can't locate the nest or den, contact us for assistance.
Once you've left the baby near the den where the mother can find it, you can watch from a safe distance, preferably indoors. Many wild mammals will not return to the area if you are visible. If a parent does not come and take their bab(ies) within 4-6 hours, contact us for more information. (Remember, animals that are active during the day will only pick-up their babies during the day.  Nocturnal animals will only come for their babies at night.)
See the links on this page for more information about the specific type of animal you have.
BHMI
SHARE Omaha
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close