https://nebraskawildliferehab.org/wildlife-help/found-a-wild-animal/large-carnivores.html
Skip to main content
Foxes, Coyotes & Bobcats
Found a Wild Animal?
Found a Wild Animal?
Tips on Determining and Helping an Animal in Need (All Animals)
Baby Mammals
Baby Birds
Bats
Cottontail Rabbits
Ducks, Geese and Other Water Birds
Foxes, Coyotes & Bobcats
Opossums
Raccoons
Raptors
Reptiles & Amphibians
Skunks
Squirrels
White-Tailed Deer
Woodchucks
Other Animals
How To Get Help for a Wild Animal
Nuisance Wildlife Issues
Overview
Bats
Birds
Coyotes
Opossums
Rabbits
Raccoons
Skunks
Squirrels
Woodchucks
Moles & Small Rodents
Tips for Gardeners
Tips for Backyard Ponds
Tips for Pet Owners
Other Wildlife Links
Baby Foxes, Coyotes & BobcatsIf a baby animal is injured, it will need our help.  Click here for instructions on how to get it to NWRI.
If a baby fox, coyote, or bobcat is wandering around alone, without a mother in sight, or if it is laying by itself in the open, particularly if it is weak and easy to catch, it will need our help.
If a baby fox, coyote, or bobcat is with its mother and she is uninjured, please leave it alone.
Adult Foxes, Coyotes & BobcatsAny adult fox, coyote or bocat that is obviously injured or ill needs to be rescued. You can tell one is injured or ill if it is:
Missing its hair
Bleeding
Cold and still
Covered in flies and/or maggots
Easily captured by hands
Has open wounds or a fractured limb
Cannot use one or more of its legs
These animals can be very dangerous and move very quickly, even when injured, so we do not recommend trying to pick them up yourself unless you can do it safely. Contact NWRI for assistance in rescuing adult large carnivores.
Mange in Coyotes & Foxes
Sarcoptic mange is a common affliction in coyotes and foxes, and commonly occurs when they are immune –compromised for some other reason (starvation, illness, injury, etc.). It is characterized by hair loss and constant scratching.  Minor cases of mange can be treated in the wild by dropping medicated bait.  Severe cases of mange and cases of mange that are accompanied by other injuries or illness, will need to be treated in captivity. Please contact us for further information on treating mange.
BHMI
SHARE Omaha
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close