https://nebraskawildliferehab.org/how-to-help/
Skip to main content
Donate
How You Can Help
Donate
Shop for Wildlife
Wish List & Special Projects
Volunteer
Planned Giving
Heather Johnson Memorial Wildlife Medical Fund
NWR depends on donations from people like you to rescue, rehabilitate and release thousands of wild animals and migratory songbirds each year, and to implement hands-on environmental learning programs for students in our schools. We do not receive any state or government funding. We appreciate your support!
Donate OnlineClick here to donate online맕ow!
Monthly GivingYour Monthly Gift Is A Foundation the Animals Count OnOur monthly donors마re a "species" of their own -- our most맋edicated and forward-thinking supporters.
Your마utomatic monthly gift맊an help provide a foundation for the care of맚he thousands of wild animals we receive each year마nd is the만asiest and most efficient way to support Nebraska Wildlife Rehab.
You can easily start, change or stop your gift at any time, and most importantly, you can be proud of the fact that your ongoing support means that we can continue our important work in wildlife rehabilitation and education without interruption! Start your monthly gift today!
Donate By MailCheck and money order donations can be sent to:Nebraska Wildlife Rehab, Inc.
PO Box 24122
Omaha, NE 68124-0122
Please make checks payable to Nebraska Wildlife Rehab.
Donation of Appreciated SecuritiesMake a bigger impact by donating long-term appreciated securities, including stock, bonds, and mutual funds, directly to NWR. Compared with donating cash, or selling your appreciated securities and contributing the after-tax proceeds, you may be able to automatically increase your gift and your tax deduction.When you donate stock to NWR, you뇳l generally take a tax deduction for the full fair market value. And because you are donating securities, your contribution and tax deduction may instantly increase over 20%. Contact your financial advisor for further information!
When you are ready to donate, contact us by e-mail at campaign@nebraskawildliferehab.org or by telephone 402-234-2473 for transfer instructions.
Memorial & Tribute GivingYou can make a gift in맔emory of a friend or loved one or in honor of an important milestone in someone's life. When you make a gift in memory or in honor of someone, we will send a card acknowledging your donation to the family of the deceased on the person whom you are honoring. Please be sure to provide us with the name and address of the person to whom you'd like the notice sent. You can do this when you donate online or include a brief note with your check.
Employer Matching GiftsAsk your company if it has a Matching Gift policy that could double or triple your donation to NWR. If they do, please follow their instructions to have your gift matched, and have them send any necessary verification paperwork to말nfo@nebraskawildliferehab.org맖r PO Box 24122, Omaha, NE 68124. Thank you for your support!
BHMI
SHARE Omaha
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close