https://nebraskawildliferehab.org/wildlife-help/wildlife-help-links.html
Skip to main content
Other Wildlife Links
Wildlife Help
Found a Wild Animal?
Tips on Determining and Helping an Animal in Need (All Animals)
Baby Mammals
Baby Birds
Bats
Cottontail Rabbits
Ducks, Geese and Other Water Birds
Foxes, Coyotes & Bobcats
Opossums
Raccoons
Raptors
Reptiles & Amphibians
Skunks
Squirrels
White-Tailed Deer
Woodchucks
Other Animals
How To Get Help for a Wild Animal
Nuisance Wildlife Issues
Overview
Bats
Birds
Coyotes
Opossums
Rabbits
Raccoons
Skunks
Squirrels
Woodchucks
Moles & Small Rodents
Tips for Gardeners
Tips for Backyard Ponds
Tips for Pet Owners
Other Wildlife Links
Looking for addition information on wildlife? Visit one of the sites below.
Nebraska Humane Society
NWRI works closely with the Nebraska Humane Society to rehabilitate the wildlife they receive and train their staff about wildlife issues. If you need help with a domestic animal, contact the professional staff of the Nebraska Humane Society.
Nebraska Game and Parks Commission
NGPC issues our state permit for wildlife rehabilitation. Contact them if you have any questions about wildlife laws in the state of Nebraska, or for more information on hunting, fishing, trapping and camping in the state.
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
USFWS issues NWRI's permit to care for migratory songbirds, waterfowl and wading birds. They also enforce federal laws that pertain to migratory birds and animals that are listed as endangered or threatened in the U.S.
Bat Conservation International
BCI is the best source of information about how to exclude bats from buildings and how to attract bats to bat houses in your yard. They also provide a wealth of information on the bat species of the U.S. and how to integrate bat and conservation lessons into the classroom.
Humane Society of the United States
The HSUS Web site is an excellent source for information about nuisance wildlife issues and legislative issues that affect wildlife and domestic animals.
International Wildlife Rehabilitation Council
The IWRC is one of the organizations in which we hold membership and is the go-to organization for up-to-date information and publications on wildlife rehabilitation. They also offer continuing education for rehabilitators.
National Wildlife Rehabilitators Association
The NWRA is another organization in which we hold membership. They are an excellent source for wildlife rehabilitation publications and basic wildlife information.
Project Coyote
Project Coyote is a national non-profit organization whose mission is to promote compassionate conservation and coexistence between people and wildlife through education, science and advocacy. They seek to change negative attitudes toward coyotes, wolves and other misunderstood predators by replacing ignorance and fear with understanding, respect and appreciation.
Heartland Humane Bat Removal
BHMI
SHARE Omaha
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close