https://nebraskawildliferehab.org/how-to-help/wish-list.html
Skip to main content
Wish List
How You Can Help
Donate
Shop for Wildlife
Wish List & Special Projects
Volunteer
Planned Giving
Heather Johnson Memorial Wildlife Medical Fund
Special Projects In Need of Funding
Reptile Nursery Project
Each year we receive dozens of turtles and snakes in need of rehabilitation due to injury or in need of a safe place to overwinter.
In order to care for these unique species, we need more specialized facilities to ensure proper care.
Our Herptile Nursery will include the following components:
Caging for 8 snakes will cost $350.
(Given the number of snakes we receive each winter, we would like to build 3 of these units, to accommodate 24 snakes.)
One large turtle enclosure with filtration and lighting will cost $450. (We would like to build 2 of these units, to accommodate 2 to 8 turtles.)
One medium turtle enclosure with filtration and lighting will cost $275. (We would like to build 4 of these units, to accommodate 4 to 8 turtles.)
Wildlife Caging (Donations to this fund are matched up to $10,000!)
NWRI is constantly building new caging to handle the increase in wildlife numbers we see each year.
In the next 12 months, we will need to build an additional 10 large outdoor cages and more than 20 indoor cages.
One generous donor has agreed to match up to $10,000 in donations to the caging fund to ensure that our wild animals have the best facilities, giving them the best chance at survival when they return to the wild!
A New or Used (in good condition) Pick-Up Truck
With the addition of our new site, we have more than 25 outdoor cages spread across more than 100 acres.  We need a pick-up to haul hay, woodchips, building supplies, and more out to these cages.  The truck will also be used for field rescues and for hauling donations.
Utility Trailer
A trailer is a must in our field to haul oversized and pre-fabricated caging, caging supplies, bedding, and donations.
Our Amazon Wish ListsWe keep running lists of the items most in need at the Wildlife Center on Amazon. To view our lists, and purchase a gift for wildlife, click on one of the links below:
Urgent Needs
We regularly update this list with the items we most need in the moment.
If you are looking to help NWR with our most urgent needs from Amazon, click here!
2021 Baby Shower List
This list includes many of the supplies we need to take care of babies of all species in the spring and summer!
It's a baby shower - wildlife-style!
Wildlife Field Rescue Gear
Good equipment helps us capture wildlife in need quickly and safely.
This list is updated with the field gear we need the most right now!
General Wish List
This list includes every day necessities, like dishes, food, and caging supplies.
Other Items NeededMany of the items on this list can be collected by school and scout groups in donation drives and as service projects. If you have items to donate, please let us know.
Dawn Dish Soap
Liquid Hand Soap
Paper Towels
Laundry Detergent
Bleach
Newspapers
Dry dog/cat food
Canned dog/cat food
Incubators (human or veterinary)
Rubbermaid or Sterilite containers of varied sizes - Both for kitchen storage and large totes (used for baby animal crates!)
Humidifiers
Hay and straw - square bales
Hot water bottles
Electronic gram scales
Fencing
Medical Supplies
Heating pads (without automatic shut-off)
Baby blankets (especially receiving blankets)
Towels
Flannel and fleece material
Reptile lights
Pet bedding
Bird seed
Dry baby cereal (rice or mixed)
Pedialyte (all flavors)
Baby food - Banana, Applesauce, Lamb
Gift Cards - Petsmart, Petco, Office Depot, Target, Home Depot, Lowe's
BHMI
SHARE Omaha
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close