https://nebraskawildliferehab.org/how-to-help/heather-johnson-memorial-wildlife-medical-fund.html
Skip to main content
Heather Johnson Memorial Fund
How You Can Help
Donate
Shop for Wildlife
Wish List & Special Projects
Volunteer
Planned Giving
Heather Johnson Memorial Wildlife Medical Fund
Heather Johnson Memorial Medical FundHeather Johnson loved animals - domestic animals, wild animals, the ones she held in her hands, and the ones she admired from afar.  She not only loved them, she made sure that she dedicated her time and energy to improving their lives, every chance she got.  Heather volunteered for Nebraska Wildlife Rehab for 8 years. At least once a week, she would transport wildlife from the Nebraska Humane Society to our Wildlife Center in Louisville, and was always the one to jump in and help when we needed her. In addition to her work with us, she also volunteered for many years in the Lost & Found at the Nebraska Humane Society and with the Humane Society of the United States - Nebraska office, doing everything she could to help animals, in every way that she could.
Heather also loved people, and people loved her.  She was caring and kind.  She always remembered what had been happening in your life the last time she saw you, and always made sure to check in with people who were struggling.  She had a zest for life that never wavered.
We lost Heather in a tragic car accident on September 25, 2018. The Omaha World Herald honored her memory with this article.  We continue to mourn her loss at NWR - knowing that we won't see her smiling face every week, knowing that she won't be here for the animals any more. But we know that we were lucky to have had the privilege of knowing her, and many animals got a second chance because of her.
In struggling how best to honor her memory, we decided to start a Wildlife Medical Fund in her name.  She would love that more animals will receive the care they need and have a chance at returning to the wild - all due to a fund that bears her name.  All donations to this fund will be used for veterinary care and medication for the wild animals in our care. If you would like to make a donation in honor of Heather, please do so online, or by mailing your check to:
Nebraska Wildlife Rehab, PO Box 24122, Omaha, NE 68124 (Please write "Heather Johnson Memorial Fund" in the memo line of your check.)
Donate to the Heather Johnson Memorial Fund
BHMI
SHARE Omaha
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close