https://nebraskawildliferehab.org/wildlife-help/found-a-wild-animal/squirrels.html
Skip to main content
Squirrels
Found a Wild Animal?
Found a Wild Animal?
Tips on Determining and Helping an Animal in Need (All Animals)
Baby Mammals
Baby Birds
Bats
Cottontail Rabbits
Ducks, Geese and Other Water Birds
Foxes, Coyotes & Bobcats
Opossums
Raccoons
Raptors
Reptiles & Amphibians
Skunks
Squirrels
White-Tailed Deer
Woodchucks
Other Animals
How To Get Help for a Wild Animal
Nuisance Wildlife Issues
Overview
Bats
Birds
Coyotes
Opossums
Rabbits
Raccoons
Skunks
Squirrels
Woodchucks
Moles & Small Rodents
Tips for Gardeners
Tips for Backyard Ponds
Tips for Pet Owners
Other Wildlife Links
Baby SquirrelsIf a baby squirrel is injured, it will need our help.  Click here for instructions on how to get it to NWRI.
If a baby squirrel is down on the ground alone and there have been no activities in the area to knock it out of the nest (i.e. storm, high winds, tree trimming) and it is easily caught by hand, it will need to be brought to NWRI for help.
If a baby squirrel is following people, dogs or cats, it is orphaned and will need to be brought to NWRI.
If there is a nest of baby squirrels and the mother is known to be dead, the babies will need to be brought to NWRI.
If a nest of baby squirrels is blown out of a tree or comes out of a tree that is cut down, place the baby squirrels and whatever is left of their nest (if anything) in a shallow cardboard box, along with a hot water bottle to keep them warm. As long as it is during the day time and it is not heavily raining, place the box as close to the base of the original tree from which it came and leave the area for several hours to give the mother the chance to return for them  If, after 4-6 hours (or after it gets dark), the baby squirrels have not been picked up by their mother, please bring the babies to NWRI.
If you find a nest of baby squirrels in your grill or under the hood of your car, place the baby squirrels and whatever is left of their nest (if anything) in a shallow cardboard box, along with a hot water bottle to keep them warm. As long as it is during the day time and it is not heavily raining, place the box as close to the grill or car from which it came and leave the area for several hours to give the mother the chance to return for them  If, after 4-6 hours (or after it gets dark), the baby squirrels have not been picked up by their mother, please bring the babies to NWRI.
Adult SquirrelsAny squirrel that is obviously injured or ill needs to be rescued. You can tell an adult squirrel is injured or ill if it is
Bleeding
Cold and still
Covered in flies and/or maggots
Easily captured by hands
Has open wounds or a fractured limb
Cannot use one or more of its legs
Mange in Squirrels
Sarcoptic mange is a common affliction in squirrels, and commonly occurs when a squirrel is immune –compromised for some other reason (starvation, illness, injury, etc.). It is characterized by hair loss and constant scratching.  Minor cases of mange can be treated in the wild by dropping medicated bait.  Severe cases of mange and cases of mange that are accompanied by other injuries or illness, will need to be treated in captivity. Please contact us for further information on treating mange.
BHMI
SHARE Omaha
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close