https://nebraskawildliferehab.org/wildlife-help/found-a-wild-animal/raccoons.html
Skip to main content
Raccoons
Found a Wild Animal?
Found a Wild Animal?
Tips on Determining and Helping an Animal in Need (All Animals)
Baby Mammals
Baby Birds
Bats
Cottontail Rabbits
Ducks, Geese and Other Water Birds
Foxes, Coyotes & Bobcats
Opossums
Raccoons
Raptors
Reptiles & Amphibians
Skunks
Squirrels
White-Tailed Deer
Woodchucks
Other Animals
How To Get Help for a Wild Animal
Nuisance Wildlife Issues
Overview
Bats
Birds
Coyotes
Opossums
Rabbits
Raccoons
Skunks
Squirrels
Woodchucks
Moles & Small Rodents
Tips for Gardeners
Tips for Backyard Ponds
Tips for Pet Owners
Other Wildlife Links
Baby RaccoonsIf a baby animal is injured, it will need our help.  Click here for instructions on how to get it to NWRI.
If a baby raccoon has its eyes closed and you cannot locate its den, it will also need our help.
If you find a baby raccoon of any age that is out during the day time and is very easy to catch by hand, it probably has been orphaned and will need our help.  Please get it to NWRI for evaluation.
If you find a den of baby raccoons (in your chimney, eaves, or elsewhere), and the mother is with them, DO NOT remove the babies from their den. Instead, click here and follow the instructions to encourage the raccoon to move out of your home, using a radio and coyote urine. Give the mother raccoon at least 48 hours to move all of her babies out of your house and to another den.  Next, follow the instructions to prevent her, or any other animal, from moving back in. One way you can tell if the mom is still with the babies is if they are generally quiet throughout the day and night.  They will make some noise when they are talking to their mom and each other, but will mostly sleep. If you hear wailing from the baby raccoons for long hours at a time, they might be orphaned. Please contact us with questions.
Adult RaccoonsAny raccoon that is obviously injured or ill needs to be rescued. You can tell an adult raccoon is injured or ill if it is:
Bleeding
Cold and still
Covered in flies and/or maggots
Easily captured by hands
Has open wounds or a fractured limb
Cannot use one or more of its legs
BHMI
SHARE Omaha
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close