https://nebraskawildliferehab.org/wildlife-help/nuisance-wildlife-issues/tips-for-backyard-ponds.html
Skip to main content
Tips For Backyard Ponds
Nuisance Wildlife Issues
Found a Wild Animal?
Tips on Determining and Helping an Animal in Need (All Animals)
Baby Mammals
Baby Birds
Bats
Cottontail Rabbits
Ducks, Geese and Other Water Birds
Foxes, Coyotes & Bobcats
Opossums
Raccoons
Raptors
Reptiles & Amphibians
Skunks
Squirrels
White-Tailed Deer
Woodchucks
Other Animals
How To Get Help for a Wild Animal
Nuisance Wildlife Issues
Overview
Bats
Birds
Coyotes
Opossums
Rabbits
Raccoons
Skunks
Squirrels
Woodchucks
Moles & Small Rodents
Tips for Gardeners
Tips for Backyard Ponds
Tips for Pet Owners
Other Wildlife Links
People frequently call us with the complaint that the fish in their backyard ponds are being plundered by wildlife. Fish are the natural diet of many wild animals, mammals and birds alike, and fish in your pond equal an easy dinner for many of those animals. Read on to learn a bit more about how to protect your pond from wildlife.
Tips For Backyard Ponds
Choose the Right Fish
Although very pretty, goldfish and koi are often conditioned to come to the surface when there is movement, expecting food. They are also very visible, which makes them an easy target for wildlife (raccoons, mink, great blue herons, kingfishers, and others) looking for an easy meal. If you choose small native fish for your pond, they will blend in with the surroundings and be less visible. These fish are also more wary of movement and will move out of reach more quickly when danger approaches. (We also recommend that you don't spend a lot of money on fish you are keeping outside -- wildlife, weather, fertilizer run-off, and the neighbor's cat can all decimate your investment in a single afternoon!)
Give Your Fish a Place to Hide
Keeping rocks and plants in your pond gives your fish a place to hide from reaching paws and beaks.
Dig the Center Deeper
For ponds that are "free-form" with a pliable liner, it is a good idea to dig the center of your pond deeper than the edges. This gives your fish a deeper place, out of reach from wildlife fishing from the edges, to hide when danger approaches.
Netting and Other Covers
Netting can be placed over the top of your pond to keep wildlife from fishing in it; however, clear netting is often invisible to fishing birds and can cause them to get tangled in the net. If you choose to net your pond, please use a visible netting (heavy and/or dark colored).
Covering your pond at night with a tarp or hard cover is also another option to prevent nocturnal animals such as raccoons and mink from fishing in it.
BHMI
SHARE Omaha
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close