https://nebraskawildliferehab.org/wildlife-help/found-a-wild-animal/opossums.html
Skip to main content
Opossums
Found a Wild Animal?
Found a Wild Animal?
Tips on Determining and Helping an Animal in Need (All Animals)
Baby Mammals
Baby Birds
Bats
Cottontail Rabbits
Ducks, Geese and Other Water Birds
Foxes, Coyotes & Bobcats
Opossums
Raccoons
Raptors
Reptiles & Amphibians
Skunks
Squirrels
White-Tailed Deer
Woodchucks
Other Animals
How To Get Help for a Wild Animal
Nuisance Wildlife Issues
Overview
Bats
Birds
Coyotes
Opossums
Rabbits
Raccoons
Skunks
Squirrels
Woodchucks
Moles & Small Rodents
Tips for Gardeners
Tips for Backyard Ponds
Tips for Pet Owners
Other Wildlife Links
If you find a dead mother opossum with babies in her pouch, use gloves and an old sweatshirt and place her, with her babies, into a box and call NWRI. Baby opossums that are 7" from nose to rump do not need to be rescued. If you find one baby opossum (or a dead mother) be sure to look around for more babies that may be hiding.
The presence of an opossum in your yard is not cause for alarm, as they are not aggressive animals. These animals are scavengers with a diet of insects, road kill, rodents, and a variety of plants, and human byproducts, such as birdseed and garbage.
Baby OpossumsIf a baby animal is injured, it will need our help.  Click here for instructions on how to get it to NWRI.
Any baby opossum wandering alone, particularly during the day, and weighing less than 1 pound (about the size of a soda can, not including its tail), will need help.  Please get it to NWRI.
Baby opossums that are larger than a soda can and are otherwise healthy should be left alone.
Adult OpossumsAny opossum that is obviously injured or ill needs to be rescued. You can tell one is injured or ill if it is:
Missing its hair
Bleeding
Cold and still
Covered in flies and/or maggots
Has open wounds or a fractured limb
Cannot use one or more of its legs
Opossums first line of defense is often to "play dead." This means that sometimes you can catch a healthy adult opossum. If the only sign that an adult opossum is ill is that it is not running away, leave the area and give it time to move on on its own. If it doesn't, you can then rescue it.
BHMI
SHARE Omaha
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close