https://nebraskawildliferehab.org/how-to-help/planned-giving.html
Skip to main content
Planned Giving
How You Can Help
Donate
Shop for Wildlife
Wish List & Special Projects
Volunteer
Planned Giving
Heather Johnson Memorial Wildlife Medical Fund
Consider Including NWR In Your Estate PlanA bequest is a legacy gift, which can be given in the following ways:
A specific amount of money, securities, or item of property
A percentage of your estate
The residue of your estate after providing for their loved ones
Listing Nebraska Wildlife Rehab, Inc. as a beneficiary of your life insurance policy, pension fund or bank account
How do you put NWR in your will?
To include NWRI in your will, simply call your attorney (or your local Bar Association for the name of an attorney in your area that specializes in Wills and Estate Planning if you do not already have one). If you already have a Will, you can amend it without rewriting it entirely by adding a simple document called a codicil. A codicil could be the quickest, easiest and least expensive way to include NWR in your existing Will.
Suggested Wording for your Will:I give, devise and bequeath to Nebraska Wildlife Rehab, Inc., a Nebraska nonprofit charitable organization, located at PO Box 24122, Omaha, NE 68124, the sum of $________________ (or a designated portion of the residue of my estate) to be used by NWRI to further its mission of wildlife rescue and rehabilitation and environmental education in Nebraska.
Important information your attorney will need:
Legal name: Nebraska Wildlife Rehab, Inc.
Legal address: PO Box 24122, Omaha, NE 68124-0122
NWRI is a non-profit charitable organization
NWRI's EIN number is 47-0829201
NWRI's 501(c)(3) status under the Internal Revenue Code provides a tax savings for you and your estateWhat are the benefits of a bequest to you?
Planning for your estate is an important process, yet it is estimated that 70% of Americans do not even have a Will. Having an estate plan provides the benefits of:
Peace of Mind — An estate plan is designed to help you provide for those you love and protect both you and your family.
Provision — You have spent most of your lifetime gathering assets and making plans. With an estate plan, you can give loved ones the property you have acquired in the right way, at the right time, and at minimal cost.
Protection — A good plan will also protect you in your senior years. It may be important to designate a specific person to manage your property, help doctors and other medical staff with important decisions, and make certain that you are receiving the best possible care. An estate plan can increase your lifetime security and also achieve your goals for family and charity.
Additionally, an updated Will can allow you to transfer specific property or assets as well as direct the residue of your estate. For those with larger estates, there could be substantial estate tax savings.
Ultimately, an estate plan can ensure that you are able to fulfill your dream of leaving behind a legacy for family and charity that gives added meaning to your life.
How would my bequest benefit NWRI?
Your legacy gift gives NWR long-term security by ensuring that our critical work of protecting the wildlife of Nebraska and educating future generations continues uninterrupted. The entire scope of our work requires foresight and prolonged support, made possible and strengthened through the provision of legacy gifts for all of NWR's projects.
If you wish to guide your legacy towards a specific project or part of NWR's work, you may consider a directed donation or endowment fund. An endowment fund would allow you to apply restrictions to the amount and timing of funds spent, thereby allowing you to direct your gift towards your greatest passion. To learn more about these options, please contact our Executive Director, Laura Stastny, at laura@nebraskawildliferehab.org.
Consider a Donation of LandWhen you donate land to Nebraska Wildlife Rehab, either during your lifetime or after your death, you ensure that the land will benefit Nebraska's native wildlife. Donated land throughout the state of Nebraska will be protected and serve as a release site and habitat for hundreds of native species.
To learn more about gifting land to NWRI, please contact our Executive Director, Laura Stastny, at laura@nebraskawildliferehab.org.
BHMI
SHARE Omaha
This form needs Javascript to display, which your browser doesn't support. Sign up here instead
Close