http://nerfhaven.com/forums/privacypolicy/
Jump to content
Sign In
Create Account
Search
Advanced
Search section:
Forums
Help Files
Pages
View New Content
NerfHaven
Forums
Members
More
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
By registering an account on NerfHaven.com, you have agreed to the following terms.
Forum Terms & Rules
You must read the NerfHaven Code of Conduct before posting. You must be at least 13 years of age to use this forum. NerfHaven is not responsible for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message. The messages express the views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of NerfHaven. You agree, through your use of this service, that you will not use this forum to post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, hateful, harassing, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise violative of any law. You agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or by NerfHaven. You agree not to be a complete dipshit. You understand that failure to comply with these rules will result in forfeiture of your account and a ban from NerfHaven.
License Agreement
By agreeing to these terms, you grant NerfHaven a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sub-licensable, and transferrable license to use, reproduce, publicly display, distribute, modify, publicly perform, and translate the content you post, as well as any images that you imbed in your posts. This license is only for the purpose of operating or improving the site. You retain all rights and ownership of your content. We do not claim any ownership rights to your content.
Privacy Policy
We, the Operators of this Website, provide it as a public service to our users.
Your privacy is important to the us. Our goal is to provide you with a personalized online experience that provides you with the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. This Privacy Policy has been written to describe the conditions under which this web site is being made available to you. The Privacy Policy discusses, among other things, how data obtained during your visit to this web site may be collected and used. We strongly recommend that you read the Privacy Policy carefully. By using this web site, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of the Privacy Policy, you are directed to discontinue accessing or otherwise using the web site or any materials obtained from it. If you are dissatisfied with the web site, your only recourse is to disconnect from this site and refrain from visiting the site in the future.
The terms of this agreement are subject to change.  Your use of the web site, or materials obtained from the web site, indicates your assent to the Privacy Policy at the time of such use.
Children’s Privacy
The Operators are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children, and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. The Operators of NerfHaven do not intentionally collect information from users under the age of 13, and the Operators do not target its web site to children younger than 13 years of age.
Links to Non-Operators Web Sites
The Operators’s web sites may provide links to third-party web sites for the convenience of our users. If you access those links, you will leave the Operators’s web site. the Operators do not control these third-party websites and cannot represent that their policies and practices will be consistent with this Privacy Policy. For example, other web sites may collect or use personal information about you in a manner different from that described in this document. Therefore, you should use other web sites with caution, and you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any web site before submitting personal information.
Types of Information We Collect
Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information is data about usage and service operation that is not directly associated with a specific personal identity. The Operators may collect and analyze non-personal information to evaluate how visitors use the Operators’s web sites.
Aggregate Information
The Operators may gather aggregate information, which refers to information your computer automatically provides to us and that cannot be tied back to you as a specific individual. Examples include referral data (the web sites you visited just before and just after our site), the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. For example, when you request a page from one of our sites, our servers log your IP address to create aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns and for purposes of system administration.
Log Files
Every time you request or download a file from the web site, the Operators may store data about these events and your IP address in a log file. The Operators may use this information to analyze trends, administer the web site, track users’ movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use or for other business purposes.
Cookies
Our site may use a feature of your browser to set a “cookie” on your computer. Cookies are small packets of information that a web site’s computer stores on your computer. The Operators’s web sites can then read the cookies whenever you visit our site. We may use cookies in a number of ways, such as to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, to deliver content specific to your interests and to track the pages you’ve visited. These cookies allow us to use the information we collect to customize your experience so that your visit to our site is as relevant and as valuable to you as possible.
Most browser software can be set up to deal with cookies. You may modify your browser preference to provide you with choices relating to cookies. You have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, certain of the functions and conveniences of our web site may not work properly, and you may be unable to use those of the Operators’s services that require registration in order to participate. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. We do not link non-personal information from cookies to personally identifiable information without your permission.
Web Beacons
The Operators’s web site also may use web beacons to collect non-personal information about your use of our web site and the web sites of selected sponsors or members. The information collected by web beacons allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our web site and selected sponsors’ sites; how many people open our emails; and for what purposes these actions are being taken. Our web beacons are not used to track your activity outside of our web site or those of our sponsors. The Operators do not link non-personal information from web beacons to personally identifiable information without your permission.
Personal Information
Personal information is information that is associated with your name or personal identity. The Operators use personal information to better understand your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. On some of the Operators web pages, you may be able to request information, subscribe to mailing lists, participate in online discussions, collaborate on documents, provide feedback, submit information into registries, register for events, apply for membership. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone number, e-mail address, user IDs, passwords, billing information, or credit card information.
How We Use Your Information
The Operators may use non-personal data that is aggregated for reporting about the Operators’s web site usability, performance, and effectiveness. It may be used to improve the experience, usability, and content of the site.
The Operators may use personal information to provide services that support the activities of the Operators’s members and their collaboration on the Operators’s standards and projects. When accessing the Operators’s members-only web pages, your personal user information may be tracked by the Operators in order to support collaboration, ensure authorized access, and enable communication between members.
Credit card information may be collected if you purchase a product or service from our website, such information will not be kept longer than necessary for providing the services requested. Credit card numbers are used only for processing payment and are not used for other purposes. Payment processing services may be provided by a third-party payment service, and a management company external to the Operators may provide support for the financial activities of the Operators. the Operators may share your personal information with its partners to facilitate these transactions.
Information Sharing
The Operators does not sell, rent, or lease any individual’s personal information or lists of email addresses to anyone for marketing purposes, and we take commercially reasonable steps to maintain the security of this information. However, the Operators reserve the right to supply any such information to any organization into which the Operators may merge in the future or to which it may make any transfer in order to enable a third party to continue part or all of its mission. We also reserve the right to release personal information to protect our systems or business, when we reasonably believe you to be in violation of our Terms of Use or if we reasonably believe you to have initiated or participated in any illegal activity. In addition, please be aware that in certain circumstances, the Operators may be obligated to release your personal information pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or other orders.
In keeping with our open process, the Operators may maintain publicly accessible archives for the majority of our activities. For example, posting an email to any of the Operators’s- discussion forums will result in your email address becoming part of the publicly accessible archives.
If you are a registered member of NerfHaven, you should be aware that some items of your personal information may be visible to other members and to the public. The Operators’s member databases may retain information about your name, e-mail address, and such other personal address and identifying data as you choose to supply. That data may be visible to other of the Operators’s members and to the public.
Please remember that any information (including personal information) that you disclose in public areas of our web site, such as forums, message boards, and news groups, becomes public information that others may collect, circulate, and use. Because we cannot and do not control the acts of others, you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose information about yourself or others in public forums such as these.
Given the international scope of the Operators websites, personal information may be visible to persons outside your country of residence, including to persons in countries that your own country’s privacy laws and regulations deem deficient in ensuring an adequate level of protection for such information. If you are unsure whether this Privacy Policy is in conflict with applicable local rules, you should not submit your information.
If you do not want your personal information collected and used by the Operators, please do not visit the Operators’s web site or apply for membership.
Access to and Accuracy of Member Information
The Operators are committed to keeping the personal information of our members accurate. All the information you have submitted to us can be verified and changed. In order to do this, please email us a request. We may provide members with online access to their own personal profiles, enabling them to update or delete information at any time. To protect our members’ privacy and security, we also may take reasonable steps to verify identity, such as a user ID and password, before granting access to modify personal profile data. Certain areas of the Operators’s web sites may limit access to specific individuals through the use of passwords or other personal identifiers; a password prompt is your indication that a members-only resource is being accessed.
Security
The Operators make every effort to protect personal information by users of the web site, including using firewalls and other security measures on its servers. No server, however, is 100% secure, and you should take this into account when submitting personal or confidential information about yourself on any web site, including this one. Much of the personal information is used in conjunction with member services such as collaboration and discussion, so some types of personal information such as your name, company affiliation, and email address will be visible to other the Operators’s members and to the public. The Operators assume no liability for the interception, alteration, or misuse of the information you provide. You alone are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please use care when use access this web site and provide personal information.
Private Messaging System
In order to facilitate communication between our members, NerfHaven provides a Private Messaging System which allows users to send messages to each other which are not publicly displayed on NerfHaven.com.  Although the contents of private messages are not publicly displayed on the site, private messages may become available to individuals other than the intended recipiant. These private messages (or PMs) are available to the Operators, the sender, the recipient(s) specified in the message, any member whom the sender and/or recipient(s) may subsequently invite to the private message conversation, any individual who may have access to the sender or recipent(s)'s account, and the Moderators and Administrators appointed by the Operators.  NerfHaven, its Operators, and the Moderators  and Administrators appointed by the Operators will not be held responsible if the contents of Private Messages become available to individuals other than the intended recipiant or to the general public.
Opting Out
From time to time the Operators may email you electronic newsletters, announcements, surveys or other information.  By default you will receive notifications of activity relating to your account and profile, such as notification of new private messages in your inbox.  If you prefer not to receive any or all of these communications, you may opt out by visiting the Notificationstab in your user control panel and adjusting your settings as needed.
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us.
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Code of Conduct ·
Change Theme
IP.Board
IP.Board Mobile
English (USA) (COPY)
English (USA)
English (USA) (COPY)
Mark Community Read
Forums
Members
Pages
Mark all as read
Help
Community Forum Software by IP.Board
Sign In
Need an account? Register now!
Username
Password
I've forgotten my password
Remember me
This is not recommended for shared computers
Sign in anonymously
Don't add me to the active users list
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy