https://nicolscales.com/about/privacy
COVID-19 - As an essential business, we remain open.   Read More
About Nicol Scales & MeasurementAccreditationNewsRecognitionsHistoryTestimonialsGiving BackOur EmployeesCareersPurchasing TermsPrivacy
About Nicol Scales & Measurement > PrivacyPrivacyNicol Scales & Measurement Privacy Policy
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. That is why we have adopted this privacy policy. This privacy policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this privacy policy. The following policies are only in effect for the Web pages, newsletters and opt-in announcement lists owned by Nicol Scales & Measurement. The Nicol Scales & Measurement network consists of all Web sites and other certain Internet media properties hyper linked from the Nicol Scales & Measurement home page. The following discloses our Privacy Policy.
What Information Are You Collecting And How Are You Collecting It?Every computer that is connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as the computer’s Internet Protocol address (IP address). When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Nicol Scales & Measurement network, our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor’s domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate, and to investigate misuse of the Nicol Scales & Measurement network, its users, or to cooperate with law enforcement. (See also: “Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties?)
What Are Cookies?From time to time, Nicol Scales & Measurement may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to identify which areas of Nicol Scales & Measurement network you have visited, so that the next time you visit, those pages may be readily accessible. We may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you’ve seen an advertisement. We may use this information to better personalize content, banners, and promotions that you see on our site. You can choose whether or not to accept these cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
What Information Do You Collect When I Register?Nicol Scales & Measurement offers access to some services that require registration. We may use your registration contact information to send you notification of Nicol Scales & Measurement products and services by email and/or postal mail. We may also use your IP address internally.
Your email or mailing address could be requested for the purpose of conducting a survey to provide additional services. Whenever we request the identity of the visitor, we will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested. We maintain a strict “No-Spam” policy. That means we do not sell, rent, or otherwise give your email address to any third-party without your consent or as permitted by this policy.
When you register for a contest or other promotion, we may ask for your name, address, and email address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
Will You Disclose The Information You Collect To Outside Third Parties?Any personal or individual information you provide to Nicol Scales & Measurement is held or shared only by Nicol Scales & Measurement.
We do not rent, sell, or exchange mailing lists or responses of individual visitors to or with any other unaffiliated third parties. We respect the information you provide to us and treat it carefully. Nicol Scales & Measurement will disclose personal information and/or your IP address when required by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary.
Nicol Scales & Measurement uses reasonable precautions to keep secure any information disclosed to us. Furthermore, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information. We are not responsible for such third party privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.
Terms Of UseThe following are terms of a legal agreement between you and Nicol Scales & Measurement. By accessing, browsing and/or using this site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site.
This site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors from time to time, despite our best efforts to prevent this.
Information may be changed or updated without notice. Nicol Scales & Measurement may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or programs at any time without notice. Nicol Scales & Measurement assumes no responsibility regarding the accuracy of the information provided by this site and use of such information is at the recipient’s own risk. By furnishing information, Nicol Scales & Measurement does not grant any license to any copyrights, patents, or other intellectual property rights.
Your Consent To This AgreementBy using the Nicol Scales & Measurement network, you consent to the collection and use of information by Nicol Scales & Measurement as specified above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you’re always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact Jim Budke at j.budke@nicolscales.com, or see our contact section for information on contacting Nicol Scales & Measurement via mail.
×
Contact Us
Contact Us
Close
Contact Us