https://nippyfish.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarHome
Bettas 101
Acclimation
All About Water
Nitrogen Cycle
Ph & Ammonia
Water Changes
Betta Fish Anatomy
Betta Vases
Choosing a Tank
Feeding Bettas
Food Myths
Frozen & Live Betta Food
Tankmates for Bettas
African Dwarf Frogs & Bettas
Apple Snails & Bettas
Neon Tetras & Bettas
Otocinclus Catfish & Bettas
Quarantine New Fish
Plakat Betta
Rosetail Betta
Veil-tail Betta
Sick Betta
Diseases and Treatment
Aging Bettas
Bloating and Constipation
Cotton Wool Disease
Dropsy
Fin Rot and Fin Loss
First Steps
Gill Hyperplasia
Ich
Popeye
Septicemia (Infection)
Swim Bladder Disorder
Sick Betta Symptom Checker
Velvet Disease
Wounded Betta
Fish Tank Granuloma
Behavior
Bubble Nests
Skittish Bettas
Tail Biting
Breeding Bettas
Equipment
Q & A
Other fish
Contact
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyNippyFish respects your privacy. At NippyFish.com, we are aware of the trust you place in us and our responsibility to protect your privacy. Below is a list of the information that NippyFish.com gathers, how it’s used, and how you can “opt-out”.
Please contact us if you have questions about our privacy policy.
Site Visits
Whenever you request a page through your browser, navigation and click stream data such as:
Your IP address
Browser and version
Operating system
Date and time
Site from which you came
This information is stored in a log file and/or database. Any search terms that you enter into the NippyFish Site Search are also logged. This information cannot be used to identify specific individuals, and is only used for:
Website and system administration
Research and development
Anonymous user analysis
To gather accurate statistics to advertisers in the form of aggregated data
This information is stored on a secure dedicated server.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Website. A cookie is an element of data that a Website can send to your browser, and which your browser may then store on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Doing this will allow you to decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept cookies or not.
Cookies on this site are used by us, and our ad management system, Cookies are used for:
Ad tracking,
Affiliate tracking
Customization of content (i.e. not repeating pop-up windows)
Storing login information
Statistical site-traffic analysis
Personal Information
When you comment or subscribe to an email list, we ask for your name & email address. When you buy a product, we will ask for name and email address as well, and we might gain some other info like your website’s URL. Your email and any other information will only be used to contact you about updates on NippyFish. Your personal information will not be distributed to anyone for any purpose.
Advertising
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here: www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy
Post Rating (1 votes, average: 4.00 out of 5)Loading...Primary SidebarSearch
Recent Posts
How Long Do Betta Fish Live For? – 5 Helpful Tips For a Long and Happy Life
3 Gallon Fish Tank for Betta
10 Gallon Aquarium Stands and Cabinets
How Much Do Betta Fish Cost to Buy and Care For?
Aquarium Coffee Tables
On Facebook
Featured Posts
This complete guide on Betta fish illnesses and diseases from A-Z will help you pinpoint what is wrong with your Betta and how to treat it.
This article focuses on the 4 most common signs of illness in Betta fish.
This article will be providing a detailed beginners guide on how to setup a tank for your Betta fish.
This article has a list of some of our favorite Betta fish toys. Don’t have a bored Betta.
Having a healthy plant in your tank will help to improve the water quality by filtering out waste and removing some of the CO2 that’s produced by your fish.