http://northriversquadron.org/privacy-policy
HomeAbout UsEducationSeminarsBoat Operators CertificateEventsMembershipContact UsLinks of InterestLoginSurvey
Our Connections
USPS District 4USPS National WebsiteSail AngleGreater NY Sailing GroupUnited States Coast GuardVessel Safety CheckNavigation Rules
News Feeds
USPS NewsfeedUSCG Newsfeed
Privacy Policy
United States Power Squadrons®Sail and Power BoatingPO Box 30423Raleigh NC 27622www.USPS.org
USPS has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our data gathering and dissemination practices the provisions of which shall be used as a minimum for all USPS Web sites whether at the National, District or Squadron level, regardless of where they are located on the Internet.
Upon Entering the Web site - Cookies: We compile information on the IP addresses that contact us so we can improve the services provided by our Site, but we will not provide that information to others. We may keep track of the pages you visited by placing a small entry in a text file called a "cookie" on your hard drive. The cookie contains an identifying number that allows us to track the pages you’ve visited on our Website. We may also use cookies to save your member access authorization (for a limited time, on our internal web pages) so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our Site. We may use member access authorization to maintain the privacy of our internal web pages. Information voluntarily provided by you may help us tailor our Site to your needs and interests.
Cookies don’t reveal personal information. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Cookies can’t read unrelated data off your hard drive. The help function on most browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely. However, if you don’t accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of various features on our site such as membership only pages.
Links: Our Web sites may contain links to external Web sites that are not within our control. If you decide to use any of these external links, you will be connected to a site not covered by our privacy policies. We recommend that you read their privacy statements, since they may differ from ours. This privacy statement applies only to information collected on USPS Web sites.
Order Forms: Our Site uses order forms to request information, products and services. We collect a visitor’s contact information (like an E-mail address), unique identifiers (like a USPS certificate number), and financial information (like an account or credit card number).
Contact Information: Contact information from the order form is used to send products to our customers. The contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
We do not maintain a repository of this information after the initial information is sent. Financial information that is collected is used to check the user’s qualifications and bill the user for products and services. Unique identifiers (such as a USPS certificate number) are collected from Website visitors to verify the user’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Online Surveys: Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their E-mail address). The contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Requested Information: Whenever our site asks a visitor to provide information, we will provide the visitor the opportunity to decline to have their information used for subsequent notices about our products or publications or those of our associates.
Security: We exercise care and diligence in managing, transmitting and securing personal information once we receive it. Your personal information is protected by safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the information and are inline with currently available security technology. This may include use of passwords and encryption. It is important for you to understand that data transmission over the Internet is not 100% secure. Despite our best efforts, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information you transmit to us, and you therefore do so at your own risk.
Your Agreement to Be Bound By This Policy: By visiting our Web site, you agree that your visit is governed by the USPS Privacy and Data Policy, and that the Policy may be revised from time to time.
Contact the Web site: If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the USPS National Web site, or your dealings with that Web site, you can contact the National Secretary:
By E-mail:
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
By Postal mail:National SecretaryUnited States Power Squadrons, Inc.1504 Blue Ridge RoadRaleigh, NC 27607
By telephone: (888) FOR-USPS (367-8777)By fax: (888) 304-0813
- - -
The original USPS Privacy Policy may be found here: http://www.usps.org/national/itcom/privacy.html
You are here:
Home
Privacy Policy
Boating Class
America's Boating Course: One of the best ways to have a fun boating experience is to "know before you go". If you are a new boater or an experienced boater in need of a refresher course, consider taking a boating course.More info ...
Next EventThe are no current Events scheduled at this time. Please visit our "Events" page...View Other Events ...
Next SeminarThe are no current Seminars scheduled at this time. Please visit our "Seminars" page...Upcoming Seminars ...
NRSPS Menu
Home
About Us
Picture Gallery
Seminars
Education
Events
Membership
Forums
Contact Us
NRSPS Newsletters
D4 Newsletter
USPS Currents Magazine
Who is the NRSPS?
The North River Sail and Power Squadron (NRSPS) is a unit of the United States Sail and Power Squadrons® (USPS). Founded 1936, the NRSPS was named after the Hudson River's original name: The Great North River.As a 501(c)3 non-profit organization, the NRSPS has been promoting safe boating through education, civic service, and having fun on the water.
Join the NRSPS and start enjoying the friendship and camaraderie of our fellow members, whilst practicing safe and fun boating! |
Read More
© 2010 North River Sail & Power Squadron
Privacy Policy|Trademarks|Disclaimer|Webmaster