https://northherts.camra.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – CAMRA North Herts
Homepage
North Herts Legacy Website
CAMRA National Website
Facebook
Twitter
Covering Stevenage, Hitchin, Letchworth, Baldock, Royston & Surrounding Areas
Homepage
DON’T MISS OUT… North Herts #PullingTogether What is Real Ale? What are Real Cider & Perry? Public Transport
About us
What We Do
Links to other branches
Being a member
Members’ area How to log in
Social Activities Staying informed Young Members
Diary
Branch Diary
Festivals
CAMRA Letchworth LIVE Ale Trail Hitchin 2020 Virtual! Stevenage 2020 Other Local Festivals
Good Beer Guide
Please Rate Your Beer
Campaigning
CAMRA AGM Mild May Summer of Pub 2020
Enjoy CAMRA Media
Homepage
DON’T MISS OUT… North Herts #PullingTogether What is Real Ale? What are Real Cider & Perry? Public Transport
About us
What We Do
Links to other branches
Being a member
Members’ area How to log in
Social Activities Staying informed Young Members
Diary
Branch Diary
Festivals
CAMRA Letchworth LIVE Ale Trail Hitchin 2020 Virtual! Stevenage 2020 Other Local Festivals
Good Beer Guide
Please Rate Your Beer
Campaigning
CAMRA AGM Mild May Summer of Pub 2020
Enjoy CAMRA Media
Privacy Policy
Who we are
We are the North Hertfordshire branch of CAMRA – the Campaign for Real Ale. The branch’s active organisational team is entirely made up of volunteers.
Our website address is: https://northherts.camra.org.uk. The national organisation’s website address is https://camra.org.uk
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the website we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture (if any registered) is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our website you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this website may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
Anti-spam
We collect information about visitors who comment by using the Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect includes the commenter’s IP address and Website URL along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself. For Akismet’s privacy policy, please click here.
Analytics
This site uses Google Analytics to measure and report statistics about user interactions on the website. We will not share this data, which is anonymised, outside our branch organisation.
Google Analytics is a data processor under the General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of its clients, pursuant to their instructions. Its customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
For more information about Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy and use of Cookies, please click here (opens a new tab on a Google website)
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this website, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Additional information
How we protect your data
This website’s hosting is managed by the national CAMRA organisation. It is encrypted by a third-party service – please click the padlock to the left of the URL in the address bar for more information.
Your contact information
If you have any concerns about how your data is handled by CAMRA North Herts, please email admin@northherts.camra.org.uk
If you have any general concerns about CAMRA or your data protection as a CAMRA member, please email camra@camra.org.uk
FacebookTwitterLinkedInWhatsAppEmail
Topic Categories
#pullingtogether4
Awards2
Branch News30
Branch Socials4
Virtual Social2
Brew2You1
CAMRA Festivals9
Festival Glasses1
Festival T-Shirts1
Hitchin2
Letchworth1
Meetings3
Merchandise1
Minibus Trips4
Newsletters & Magazines1
Podcast1
Pub News2
Red (OnLion1
Tastings3
Virtual Festival3
Virtual Social3
Recent commentsAugust Virtual Social & Beer Tasting – CAMRA North Herts on VIRTUAL FESTIVAL GLASSES AND T-SHIRTS ORDERING DETAILSCAMRA North Herts LIVE! Quiz – CAMRA North Herts on CAMRA North Herts LIVE!Quiz Answers and Results – Hitchin Virtual Festival – CAMRA North Herts on North Herts Pubs of the YearRob on Members’ International Beer sell-offGlen ross on Hitchin 2020
Articles Archive
September 2020 (3)
August 2020 (3)
July 2020 (3)
June 2020 (9)
May 2020 (4)
April 2020 (4)
March 2020 (3)
February 2020 (1)
January 2020 (1)
December 2019 (1)
Search this website
Copyright © 2020 CAMRA North Herts. Please read our Disclaimer.
Privacy Policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website and to analyse usage. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with that. If you do not wish us to use third party cookies, please click 'No'. You may also review our overall privacy policy by clicking the 'Privacy policy' button. Thank you.OKNoPrivacy policy