https://northcountrybrewing.com/privacy-policy/
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
North Country Brewing is located at:
North Country Brewing141 South Main Street Slippery Rock 16057 - PA , USA724-794-2337
It is North Country Brewing's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://northcountrybrewing.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "https://northcountrybrewing.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, North Country Brewing collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. North Country Brewing's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how North Country Brewing's visitors use its website. From time to time, North Country Brewing may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
North Country Brewing also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://northcountrybrewing.com blog posts. North Country Brewing only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to North Country Brewing's websites choose to interact with North Country Brewing in ways that require North Country Brewing to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that North Country Brewing gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://northcountrybrewing.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Https://northcountrybrewing.com uses Google AdWords for remarketing
Https://northcountrybrewing.com uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Aggregated Statistics
North Country Brewing may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. North Country Brewing may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, North Country Brewing does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, North Country Brewing uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. North Country Brewing uses cookies to help North Country Brewing identify and track visitors, their usage of https://northcountrybrewing.com, and their website access preferences. North Country Brewing visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using North Country Brewing's websites, with the drawback that certain features of North Country Brewing's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to North Country Brewing's use of cookies.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with North Country Brewing – by purchasing North Country Brewing's services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, North Country Brewing collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with North Country Brewing. North Country Brewing does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, North Country Brewing may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in North Country Brewing's sole discretion. North Country Brewing encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or phone.
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset
Sitemap
Help
Feedback