https://nvr.org.uk/article.php/45/privacy-policy/7ae5a96ff4c76ebf77afa349f56882df
Due to the pandemic we need your help - please donate
01780 784444
Basket is empty
Menu
Plan Your Visit
Calendar
What's On
Experiences
Thomas
Education
Volunteering
Youth Group
About Us
Home »
Privacy Policy
- Privacy Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Introduction
To process your order and deal with any enquiries, we need to ask for, store and use some personal information. This Privacy Policy explains what information we need, why we need it, who we share it with and how long we keep it for. It also explains our use of Cookies.
Browsing, added items to basket, started but not completed checkout
We use a temporary cookie to remember who you are as you browse around the site and add items to the basket. We store your IP address in an encrypted form that we cannot decrypt. We store the items in your basket. If you start checkout we store the personal information you enter.
All this information is kept in a separate part of the system that we cannot readily access and is automatically deleted after 6 hours. The information is kept for this period to allow you to return to the website later to complete your order.
If you choose to block our cookies in your web browser, you will not be able to order online.
Completed orders
We store all the information you entered on our website during the checkout process, along with your IP address. We do not store your credit/debit card details as these are entered on Stripe’s payment processing system which is detailed in the third parties section below.
If you contact us about your order, we may also store brief notes with your order regarding the outcome of this communication, to allow us to allow us to action whatever is agreed.
If you do not create an account, all this information is stored for three years then deleted automatically. This allows ample time for any queries, returns or repeat orders etc. It is also long enough to allow us to monitor trends in sales etc.
If you create an account, all this information is stored indefinitely. This will allow you to log into your account and check all previous orders and other details whenever you want.
If you opt in to receiving our promotional emails or join our Loyalty Programme, we will use your email address and other details to send you promotional emails and/or Loyalty Programme statement emails. You may opt out of these by clicking the links contained in the emails, by replying to one of the emails with “unsubscribe” as the subject, or by logging into your account and changing the relevant options. If you have any difficulty unsubscribing, please contact us by email and we will take care of this for you.
Email correspondence
If you email us about your order, account or any other matter, we will retain this email correspondence for up to 6 months, then delete it. This is sufficient time for any issues to be resolved and for any follow-up discussions.
As noted above, we may also record brief notes about the outcome of the email correspondence with your order to allow us to action whatever we have agreed.
Information shared with third parties
If you pay online by credit or debit card we share your name, billing address, email address and total order value with our card processing gateway, Stripe. They use this along with the card details you enter on their system to authorise your card payment and for fraud prevention. Stripe’s privacy policy is available at https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
If your order is delivered by Royal Mail, we share your name, delivery address, email address, mobile phone number (if entered) and safe place request (if entered) with them. This is to allow them to deliver your parcel and provide tracking information and updates for you. Royal Mail’s privacy policy is available at https://www.royalmail.com/privacy-policy
We use Google Analytics to track website visitor numbers, page popularity and other similar data. Google will use your IP address and a cookie to track this. The information available to us from Google Analytics is aggregated and anonymised, which means we cannot identify you as an individual. If you wish to block access to Google’s cookies in your web browser this will not affect your ability to order from our website. The Google Analytics privacy policy is available at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
Who else will have access to the information?
The information will be accessed by our own staff. The information will not be shared with other web sites to which links may be provided from our web site and we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes subject to any preferences that you express. We may need to share your information with our service providers, associated companies and agents for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and we may need to disclose your information in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Where we store your personal information
All the personal data we hold is stored in the United Kingdom. Our web servers are in a secure data centre in Hemel Hempstead. Backups are stored on backup systems in secure data centres in Rugby and London Docklands. Emails and paperwork are stored in our offices in Stibbington.
Cookies
We use cookies to remember who you are as you browse around the website, add items to your basket, progress through checkout and access your account. These just contain a unique random identification code and do not contain any personal information. They are automatically deleted after 6 hours. If you block our cookies in your web browser, you will not be able to order online or use many other website features. However, you can still order by phone.
We use Google Analytics as detailed above, and their system uses cookies. If you wish to block access to Google’s cookies in your web browser this will not affect your ability to order from our website.
Accessing, correcting, and deleting your personal information
If you have created an account, you can access most of the personal information we hold by logging into your account and checking the various sections. You can also correct and update your details there.
If you have not created an account or wish to obtain the full personal information we hold, please email us at adminassistant@nvr.org.uk. We will gather the information and send it as PDF files by email within 30 days of your request. There will be no charge for this.
If having received this full information you require any corrections, please email us again at adminassistant@nvr.org.uk. We will carry out the requested changes and send you the corrected parts only as PDF files by email within 30 days of your request. There will be no charge for this.
If you wish to have all your personal information deleted from our systems, please email us at adminassistant@nvr.org.uk. We will carry out the requested deletions and confirm by email within 30 days of your request. There will be no charge for this.
If you wish to find out what personal information any of the third parties mentioned above hold about you, request corrections or deletion, please refer to their privacy policies and contact them as appropriate. We cannot act on your behalf as they will only accept your request directly from you.
Questions?
If you have any questions or require any clarification or further details regarding our privacy policy or our handling of your personal information, please email us at adminassistant@nvr.org.uk. We will respond as soon as possible but please allow us up to 30 days.