https://nwfrontiers.com/privacy-cookies/
PrivacyNorth West Frontiers Limited is incorporated in Scotland (company registration number SC196035). This privacy policy sets out our approach to the personal data we collect from or obtain about you. If you have any queries in relation to this privacy policy, please contact us.Why this Privacy Policy At North West Frontiers we are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide information by which you can be identified when using this website, or by other means you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).Unless we are negligent in exercising our responsibilities then we shall not be held liable for unauthorised access to information supplied by you. We may occasionally change this policy by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.What is our role in relation to your personal data North West Frontiers limited is the data controller and responsible for your personal data. (Collectively referred to as “North West Frontiers”, “NWF”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).What personal data will we collect from you In order to organise your holiday, respond to an enquiry or send you trip information we need to collect personal data from you. This data refers to information such as your name, contact details, disabilities, dietary requirements and payment details. If you are the lead booker, you are responsible for ensuring that other members of your party are aware of the content of our Privacy Policy and consent to your acting on their behalf in all your dealings with us.Some of your information (such as health or religion) may be considered “sensitive personal data” under the GDPR. We collect it to cater to your needs or act in your interest, and we are only prepared to accept sensitive personal data from you on the condition that we have your positive consent.Please do not provide your personal data to us if you are not happy for us to process this information in accordance with this privacy policy.How will we collect your personal data Please find below different examples of when and how we might collect your personal data:If you make a booking with us we might collect the following information (lead booker): Your first name, your surname, title, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, dietary restrictions, gender, medical conditions which could have an impact on the holiday, and credit/debit card or other payment information.If multiple people are travelling on the same booking we might collect: Your first name, your surname, title, date of birth, dietary restrictions, gender, medical conditions which could have an impact on the holiday, and credit/debit card or other payment information.If you contact us by email or telephone to order a brochure, Trip Dossier or any other info about a holiday we might collect: Your first name, your surname, title, email address, phone number (optional), address details (optional).If you use one of our enquiry forms from our website we collect: Your first name, your surname, title, email address, phone number (optional), address details (optional).If you submit a feedback form we collect: Your first name, your surname, title, email address, phone number (optional).How will we use your personal data We will use your data to process your booking. We will create a confirmation letter and keep you informed about the trip. We also use your data to be able to respond to your information request or enquiry. If you send us an enquiry by email we will give you the opportunity to sign-up to our newsletter. If requests are made via one of the enquiry forms on our website, you will always be asked if you would like us to keep you informed about our trips and services.Who will we provide your personal data to To organise your holiday we use many different suppliers; B&B’s, hotels, taxis, car hire companies etc., and appropriate personal data will be passed on. We will never sell or distribute your personal information to third parties, unless we required by law to do so.Where will we process your personal data and where is it stored Your personal data may be stored, used and otherwise processed within the UK and/or any other country(ies) of the European Economic Area (EEA). We use a data base system called TourCMS to store client information. This is a secure data base and password protected. Names and email addresses might also be stored on office desktop computers, which again are password protected.For marketing purposes we use MailChimp. This is third party data base, which will only store your name and email address.Please contact us if you have any questions about the systems we use.How will we protect your personal data We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Can we use your personal data for marketing purposes We may from time to time contact you with information on offers of goods and services, brochures, new products, forthcoming events. However we will only do so when you specifically have given us consent to do so. You will be given the opportunity on every e-communication we send you to indicate that you no longer wish to receive our direct marketing material.How can you find out what personal data we are holding about you You have the right to ask in writing for a copy of the information we hold about you and we will respond in a timely manner.  If you think the data we hold is incorrect or incomplete you have the right to ask us to correct any inaccuracies in your informationHow long can we retain and process your personal data Your personal data which is used for organising your holiday will be retained for a period of 7 years, which we are entitled for accounting purposes. In certain cases your data might be retained longer.If you have supplied us with personal data for the purpose of enquiring about our services or for marketing reasons, we may keep this until you withdraw your consent or as long as we think our trips and services might be of interest to you.Can you ask us to delete your personal data You have the right to ask us to delete your personal data as long as it not used for organising your holiday. If you prefer not to receive direct marketing material about our products and services we will delete your data from our database.Do we use cookies when visiting our website Yes we will. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Cookies used on our websiteCookieNamePurposeGoogle Analytics_utma _utmb _utmc _utmzThese cookies are used to collect analytical information about how visitors use our site. All web traffic and usage information is anonymous. We use this information for analytical purposes to evaluate the performance, to compile reports and to make improvements to website content and user experience. See Google’s privacy information: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking by installing a browser plug-in from http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=enGoogle MapsPREF khcookie NID SNIDThese cookies are set by Google Maps, which we use to provide information on how to find us. For more information see Google’s privacy information: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ And the terms of service for google maps here: http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/help/terms_maps.htmlTo find out more about cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Find Your Perfect Trip Destinations Scotland Faroe IslandsSeason All Year Summer Winter Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov DecHoliday Styles Guided MTB Adventures Guided Walking Holidays Self-Guided Walking TreksInterests Archaeology Birdlife Hills & Mountains History Islands Wildlife