https://odysseussailing.com/en/privacy-cookies-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy policy
GENERALThe use of the electronic pages and services provided to the visitor / user from the http://odysseussailing.com, hereinafter referred to as “the Company”, implies your unreserved agreement with the Privacy Policy of this site. Therefore, the visitor / user must carefully read the contents of this page before using the services of our website. If he does not agree, he must abandon him and NEVER make use of his services and content.This privacy policy may change from time to time according to legislation or developments in the industry. We will not explicitly notify our customers or users of our site about these changes. Instead, we encourage you to occasionally review this page for any changes to this privacy policy. Continued use of the http://odysseussailing.com site even after any changes to the Privacy Policy implies the unconditional acceptance of these terms on your behalf.Privacy and data protectionWe collect and process your personal data only when absolutely necessary.We will never sell, rent, distribute, or publicize in any way your personal data.If you are under 16, you MUST have your parents’ consent before using the services of this site.Relevant legislationAlong with our company’s internal IT systems, this site is designed to comply with the following laws / regulations regarding the protection of user’s personal data:•    EU Data Protection Directive 1995 (DPD)•    General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR)Personal information collected by this site and why we collect itThis site collects and uses personal information for the following reasons:Traffic to Website TrafficLike most sites, he also uses Google Analytics to monitor user activity. We use this data to determine the number of people who use our site to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their course on the site. Although Google Analytics records data such as your geographic location, your device, your web browser, and your operating system, none of this information makes you personally familiar to us. Google Analytics also records your computer’s IP address, which could be used to identify you, but Google Analytics does not provide access to it. We believe that Google Analytics is a third data processor that complies with the requirements of European legislation.
Forms of communication and email linksIf you choose to contact us using a contact form or an email link, none of the data you provide will be stored from this site or transferred or processed by any third party data processor as defined below in the section “Our third-party data processors”. Instead, these data will be sent to you via an SMTP protocol (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol). Our SMTP servers are protected by a TLS security protocol (sometimes known as SSL), meaning that email content is encrypted before being sent over the Internet. The content of the email is decrypted by our local computers and devices.About the server of this site All web traffic (file transfer) between this site and your browser is encrypted and transferred via the HTTPS protocol using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).Our third-party data processorsWe use a number of third parties to process personal data for us. These entities have been carefully selected to comply with the legislation mentioned in this document.Data breachesFor any of your personal information stored in our database, all necessary steps will be taken to secure them.We will report any unlawful violation of the database of this site or the database of any third party data processor to anyone and to all relevant stakeholders as well as authorities within 72 hours of the violation.Website content disclaimerWhilst every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained in all our web pages, the content is naturally subject to change and we cannot guarantee its accuracy or currency. We reserve the right to make changes to the information on the site without notice. Data protection disclaimer We do not give any warranty as to the ownership of the copyright of any material forming part of this website and do not accept any liability for any direct, indirect, incidental or consequential losses arising from the infringement of any third party rights in relation to any material on this website.
Cookies policy
Cookies policyA “cookie” is a small set of data that a web page may store on your computer or mobile phone. The cookie allows the site to “remember” your actions as you browse it. Although the majority of browsers, like for example Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Opera, support the use of cookies, nevertheless the user can configure his browser not to accept cookies or delete them afterwards.Usefulness of cookiesCookies can perform many functions and are mainly used to measure the traffic of a website as a whole or of only specific subpages. Indicatively, they can track the number of visitors live or per hour of the day, their geographical origins, their operating system and the analysis of their computer screen, the page from which they came (through a search engine, a link from another page or direct entry), the keyword used in the search engine etc. Other cookies can remember, to the user’s benefit, the language selection or his search results in a website. Others may record the failed attempts of a user to enter a website, in order for them (the websites) to require, after a certain number of failed attempts to enter, a further intersection of his personal data, such as for example with the entry of an additional code which is sent by SMS on his mobile phone.Use of cookiesThe website under the domain name “odysseussailing.com”, hereinafter called “the website”, stores cookies on visitors’ terminal equipment to improve their browsing thereon as well as for measuring its traffic. These cookies do not pose a risk to the privacy and sensitive personal data of the users.1. WordPress CMS cookiesThe website is designed based on the WordPress Content Management System (CMS), which by default stores cookies on the user’s computer to improve its browsing on the page. These cookies are the following:Session CookiesThe session cookie allows for the recognizing of users when they browse a website so that their various options can be memorized and transferred from subpage to subpage. The most common example of this function is the shopping cart on e-stores. When you add products to your cart, the session cookie remembers your choices, in order for the products you chose to be on there, when you are ready to pay. Without the session cookie the page will not remember exactly which products you added to your cart, so when you press “checkout” your cart would be empty.Although our site does not perform product sales, the session cookies it uses function in exactly the same way. In particular, our website stores two session cookies: one that remembers the selection of the page browsing language and one for memorizing all other user options. Both session cookies are automatically deleted from the user’s computer after the end of his session, which occurs fifteen minutes after his last action within the page. These cookies are first party cookies, i.e. they are placed and read from our page domain.2. Universal Analytics CookiesGoogle Universal Analytics uses cookies to report on user interactions on Google Analytics customers’ websites. These cookies are used to store non-personally identifiable information. The cookies of Google Analytics service, stored through our page on the user’s terminal equipment, are the following:    A cookie with the name “_ga” used to identify unique visitors to our website and has a shelf life of two years since the user’s last visit on the website.    A cookie with the name “_gat” used for the anonymous monitoring of the visitor’s behaviour during his browsing on the site and has a lifetime of ten minutes from the user’s visit on the website. Indicatively, it identifies the entry and exit subpage of the visitor from the website, his retention time in each subpage etc.It is noted that the lifetime of these cookies may be changed by Google without prior notice.3. Cookiesdirective CookieOnce you have given your consent to accept cookies from this site in accordance with the procedure described below, in a cookie called “cookiesdirective” is stored on your terminal equipment which remembers this consent of yours, and has a lifetime of one year from the granting of the consent. The practical value of the installation of this cookie is to prevent the trouble for granting the same consent each time you visit the site.Obligatoriness of consent to store cookiesThe installation and use of “cookies” is regulated specifically by paragraph 5 of article 4 of N. 3471/2006 (which transposed Directive 2002/58/EC into the Greek law) according to which the installation and use of the “cookie” is permitted only with the consent of the user. A website can install such a “cookie” only if each user has given his consent after a clear and comprehensive information for that installation, the purpose of the processing, the right of access and any recipients of the data. This consent may be given through appropriate settings in your web browser or through another application.Receiving consent from visitorsGiven that the cookies of the Google Universal Analytics service are third party cookies with respect to our page and do not fall into the category of traffic analysis cookies in the exception of par. 5 of article 4 of N. 3471/2006, our page receives the consent of the visitor before storing the cookies in his terminal equipment. The user may at any time delete the cookies which the current pages stored in his browser, through its settings.In particular, the site uses a special plugin, which prevents the cookies from being stored in the terminal equipment of the visitor, if his consent is not received first through the touch of an acceptance button. In the vicinity of a link acceptance button, leading to the present cookies use policy of the website, where the user can read all the necessary information that will enable him to take a decision to grant consent or not for accepting cookies.Control and deletion of cookiesYou can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see www.aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Cookie Settings
Home
Yacht Charters
Our Yachts
Book a Yacht
Bareboat Sailing
Flotilla Sailing Holidays in the Ionian Islands
Skippered Charter
Ionian Islands
Itineraries
Our Bases
Special Offers
Career
Learn To Sail
Ownership
Odysseus Yacht Ownership/Partnership
Yacht Management
Yachts for Sale
About
About Us
Contact
Career
Cookies&Privacy Policy
Blog
Facebook-f
Youtube
Tripadvisor
Pinterest