https://ofnc.ca/home/membership-and-donations/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Membership and donations/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyGordon2017-12-20T00:54:58-05:00
The Ottawa Field-Naturalists’ Club collects personal information directly from members and other participants in Club affairs and respects the privacy of this information.
The Council of The Ottawa Field-Naturalists’ Club is responsible for the implementation and administration of its Privacy Policy. The individual assigned to respond to queries on the Privacy Policy is the current Chair, Membership Committee.
The main purpose for which this information is collected is to solicit and process annual applications for new or renewed memberships and subscriptions. It is also used to answer enquiries regarding club publications and to contact club volunteers. It may be used to contact members about events not published in Trail & Landscape, the newsletter for local members. Personal records of former members are retained for statistical purposes only.
In some cases personal information may be used, with the approval of the Council, to support kindred organizations such as our partner for youth activities, the Canadian Museum of Nature, to inform members about special upcoming events. Personal information shall be used for no other purpose.
Personal information is collected by mail, e-mail, event registration forms, data reporting, and the website. This information is limited to name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and indication of interest in volunteering for club activities. It is as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as possible.
Currently, software receives and records the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer that has contacted our website, the date and time of the visit, and the pages visited. This information is not retained.
Personal information is held securely by the Chair, Membership Committee, an individual designated as back-up to the Chair, Membership Committee, the Treasurer and his/her assistant.
Upon request, a member or subscriber may, at any time, have access to his/her records, correct any inaccuracies, and limit providing this information to any other organization.
A member or subscriber may challenge compliance by the Club to these principles.
This Privacy Statement may be updated without notice.
Adopted by the Council of The Ottawa Field-Naturalists’ Club at its meeting of June 19, 2006
© Ottawa Field-Naturalists’ Club
This page was updated on 28 June 2006
Contact the OFNC