https://oftr.ca/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
The Terms of Use relate to the Ontario Federation of Trail Riders (OFTR) website (oftr.ca). The access and use of the OFTR website is subject to the terms and conditions listed below.
Privacy Policy
Protecting the privacy and personal information of individuals is an important consideration in the way we structure our online and offline activities. When visiting our website there is no requirement to identify yourself.
The OFTR privacy policy applies only to oftr.ca. We do not control the privacy practices of external sites. Before submitting personal information, each individual should carefully review the privacy policies and practices of these sites.
Collection of Non-Identifying Information
The OFTR collects non-identifying information from your computer when visiting our website. This information may include:
your unique Internet protocol address;
the name of your unique Internet service provider;
the town/city, county/state and country from which you access our website;
the kind of browser or computer you use;
the number of links you click within the site;
the date and time of your visit;
the web page from which you arrived to our site;
the pages you viewed on the site; and
certain searches/queries that you conducted via our website(s).
This information is used strictly for statistical reporting purposes, and to design and improve access to information and services available on our website. This information is not combined with other information or services to determine your browsing habits on websites beyond the one operated by us, or to identify you personally.
Cookies
Cookie technology captures aggregate and not individual information on visitor use patterns. This is a computer code that tracks “traffic” so we can determine how effective our website is in providing information and services to the public. A cookie contains no information that can identify you personally and the OFTR acquires no knowledge of your browsing path once you leave our website. Apart from providing a performance measure, the data collected by the cookie is otherwise meaningless.
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
The OFTR collects information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, photos, and other information about yourself or your business. Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on our website, and information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
Personal Information also includes Navigational Information or Payment Information where such information can directly or indirectly identify an individual.
Navigational Information
Refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website. More details are available under the Collection of Non-Identifying Information section above.
Payment Information
We collect and process payment information from you when you subscribe to a paid service or purchase a product through our website. This may include credit cards numbers and billing information. If you give us credit card information, we use it solely to check your financial qualifications and collect payment from you. We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.
Third-party Services
In addition, we may use services provided by third parties to display relevant content, products, services and advertising to you. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect or receive information from this website and elsewhere on the internet. They may then use that information to provide measurement services so we can understand your interests and retarget advertisements based on your previous visits to this website. Please keep in mind that we do not share your personal information with any third-party advertiser, ad server or ad network.
You may be able to opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting by some third parties by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices. You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ad Settings.
We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party.
Email Communications
In the event that you have provided your email and express content to the OFTR, you may receive promotional emails from the OFTR. Our mailing list is managed in accordance to the Canada Anti-Spam Legislation. You may choose to opt out, or unsubscribe from these emails at any time using the unsubscribe link included in each email.
There may be other instances where your email is required to provide you with information, content or services. You may receive follow-up emails, automated email responses and email reminders in relation to each specific instance. If you are dissatisfied with these emails, please contact us at info@oftr.ca with the details and we will remove your email address from our automation system(s).
Accessibility
The OFTR is committed to creating an accessible online environment and to making its web documents available to everyone. However, there may be instances where not all content is in an accessible format such as maps or Geographic Information System (G.I.S.) data; engineering drawings or complex technical data; and legacy applications or data. Should you need assistance in obtaining an accessible alternative for non-accessible content, contact the OFTR at info@oftr.ca
Copyright, Trademark and Visual Identity
All contents of the OFTR website is Copyrighted. No trademark or service mark licence is granted in connection with the materials contained on the OFTR website.
The OFTR Logo is a registered trademark of the OFTR. Any reproduction of the Logo without the OFTR expressed permission is prohibited.
Parties seeking permission to use the OFTR Logo must request permissions by email at info@oftr.ca
Personal and Non-Commercial Use Limitation
The OFTR website is for your personal and non-commercial use. Unless specifically authorized by OFTR, you may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, licence, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from this website.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of the OFTR website, you warrant to the OFTR that you will not use the website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use.
Links to External Sites
For convenience purposes, our website may contain links to external websites operated by third-parties. The purpose of providing these external links is for your convenience and to avoid duplicating information that is already being maintained by a source organization elsewhere online.
Links to external websites contain information created, published, maintained, or otherwise posted by institutions or organizations independent of the OFTR. The OFTR does not endorse, approve, certify, or control external websites and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficiency, timeliness or correctness of the information located on third-party websites. Reference to any third-party product, service, event or publication does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation or favouring by the OFTR, its employees, volunteers and/or partners.
Social Media accounts
The OFTR social media accounts, including but not limited to Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, and LinkedIn, serve as a mechanism for disseminating information in a timely manner and enhancing the OFTR ability to share community news with a wide audience.
Third-party content (including community event information, comments and external links) posted on the OFTR social media accounts does not necessarily reflect the opinions and position of the OFTR, its employees, volunteers and/or partners. The OFTR reserves the right to not post or to delete comments, links and other content that:
are not topically related to the particular message or online site being commented upon
are spam
include foul language or vulgarities
are offensive to an individual or an organization, rude in tone, or abusive
solicit/advertise/promote particular services, products, or political individuals, political campaigns, advocacy groups or organizations
infringe on copyrights or trademarks
Liability Limitations
The material posted on our online sites is not an official statement of the OFTR policy, practice, services or procedure, and should not be construed as such. It is intended only to give general information about the OFTR.
While an effort is made to post only accurate information, OFTR does not guarantee that the information, software, products and services included on its online sites is always current or correct. The OFTR and/or its respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes to our website at any time. The OFTR and/or its respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on this website for any purpose. All such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. The OFTR and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, services and related graphics, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
In no event shall the OFTR and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of our website, with the delay or inability to use our online sites, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through our online sites, or otherwise arising out of the use of our online sites, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of our website, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using our website.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
All matters relating to your access to, or use of, the OFTR website shall be governed by the statutes and laws of the Province of Ontario.
Questions or complaints
Questions or concerns may be brought to the attention of the OFTR. If you have any questions about this policy or about how we manage personal information, you may also contact: info@oftr.ca
Sponsors
Ontario Federation of Trail Riders (OFTR)Email: info@oftr.ca • Phone: (855) 637-6387
© 2020 OFTR. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Membership
Newsletter
Member Benefits
Event Schedule
Event Calendar
Off-Road Riding
About OFTR
Blog
Become a Member