https://oldweirdherald.com/privacy-policy/
This privacy policy sets out how
uses and protects any information that you give
when you use this website.
is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from: August 2013
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
What we do with the information we gather:
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
You can find more information about cookies at:
www.allaboutcookies.org
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these type of cookies on your device.
Category 4: targeting cookies or advertising cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organizations.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
Search OWH
Search for:
Search
Stalk OWH Online!ContentsHome
Slot Car Talk
Raceway Directory
Add a Raceway
Raceway Update
Slot Car Links
Slot Car Gallery
Slot Car Videos
OWH’s Slot Car Shop
Calendar
Privacy policy
Contact Us
Feature ArticlesWhat is a Slot Car?
Advice from an Old Weird Slot Car Racer
Racing Without Agony
OWH’s Guide to Slot Car Motor Services
World Records
Track Building – Online Resources
Random Posts
SOUND: Buzz-a-Rama slot-car racing
Clover Leaf Racing Slot Car Endurance New World Record Set
Slot on: Mini racers provide maximum fun in Delaware Township
A World Record For A Tiny Car
The misunderstood world of slot cars and the blokes in sheds who race them
Tech Tips
Building the J & L Raceway ~ Part 1 ~
The Wheel of Fortuneless
Silongies, You Ask? Making silicone coated sponge tires!
A Cheetah on Steroids
OWH’s Slot Car Raceway DirectoryCity:State:Select a distance:1 mi
5 mi
10 mi
25 mi
50 mi
100 mi
500 mi
1000 mi
Categories: 1/24
1/32
1/43
club track
Drag
HO
X - Archives
OWH Facebook
OWH’s Slot Car Shop
Help Support OWH! Please help support Old Weird Herald!All donations are appreciated!
LinksOWH Facebook Page
OWH Slot Car Gallery
OWH Slot Car Raceway Directory
OWH Slot Car Talk
OWH’s Slot Car Shop
Who’s Online
Categories
Between The Lanes
Features
Media
News
Race Events
Resources
Slider
Tech Tips
Videos