http://onlinefishinglog.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Fish Swami values the privacy of the anglers that visit and use Fish Swami for storing their fishing logs.
Personal Profile Information
The personal profile information you provide when you register is not sold or provided externally to companies or individuals.
Some of the information is available internally to other Fish Swami users if you have added them as a fishing partner, or if they have added you as a fishing partner.
Fishing Partners
If you request someone to be your fishing partner, or accept someone's request to add you as a fishing partner, your name and e-mail address is visible to that user.
Their name and e-mail address is visible to you.
Fishing Logs
When you save fishing logs at Fish Swami, you have the option to make the log public, protected, or private.
If you mark the log as public, all data stored with that fishing log (including photos) is viewable by the public, including non-registered visitors of Fish Swami.
If you mark the log as protected, the fishing log is not visible to the public.
It is visible by any of your fishing partners, however.
If you mark the log as private, you are the only user that can see any of the fishing log information.
Site-Generated E-mails
Fish Swami may send you service-related announcements from time to time through the general operation of the service. For instance, if a fishing partner sends you a new message or enters in a fishing log, or someone posts a comment on your fishing log, you may receive an email alerting you to that fact.
Limitations
You post user content on Fish Swami at your own risk. Although we allow you to set privacy options that limit access to your pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you may choose to share your pages and information. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that User Content you post on Fish Swami will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on Fish Swami. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other Users have copied or stored your User Content.
Cookies
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences and record session information.
Links
Fish Swami may contain links to other websites. We are of course not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Fish Swami.
Privacy Policy Revision
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Contacting Fish Swami
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact the site here.