https://ooch.org/privacy/
Skip to main content
Privacy
Our commitment to protecting your privacy
Your contributions help to ensure that Camp Ooch & Camp Trillium can provide kids affected by childhood cancer with unique opportunities for growth through challenging, fun, enriching, and magical experiences. In order to fulfill these activities, we gather and use personal information.
Personal information
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify, or contact a specific individual. This information can include an individual’s opinions or beliefs, as well as facts about, or related to, the individual. Business contact information and certain publicly available information, such as names, addresses, and telephone numbers (as published in telephone directories) are not considered personal information.
We may collect the following information:
Names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses, business contact information.
Credit card information to process and receipt gifts.
Ages, birth dates
Donor information / contact history which helps us understand our donors, aids in our communication with them, enhances our donor service, helps to evaluate our programs, and processes, and allows us to provide efficient services.
Privacy practices
Camp Ooch & Camp Trillium respect the privacy of our donors; we do not sell, rent, or trade our donor lists. We collect, use, and disclose personal information only for the purpose of processing donations, keeping our donors informed about Ooch & Trillium activities, and to ask for their support in our mission. Anyone from whom we collect information can expect that it will be carefully protected and that any use of this information is subject to consent. We offer our donors and prospective donors numerous privacy options, including the option to limit or opt-out of future contact.
Our employees sign confidentiality agreements and safeguards are in place to ensure that the information is not accessed, disclosed, or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered. We also take measures to ensure the integrity of this information is maintained and to prevent its being lost or destroyed. All staff members receive privacy training to ensure that they are able to follow our privacy policy and procedures. Individuals may access their personal information at any time to ensure that it is correct and current, or to edit it.
Website and electronic commerce
We use password protocols and secured websites to protect personal and other information we receive when an online donation is made. Our software is routinely updated to maximize protection of such information.
Updating of privacy policy
We regularly review our privacy practices for our various activities, and update our policy. Information on our website is updated regularly.
Contact Information
Contact us if at any time you wish to be excluded from future communications or to discuss our privacy options.
Privacy Officer
1-888-464-6624Phone number
oochigeas@ooch.org