https://orobalionai.lt/en/privacy_policy
About us
Flights
Dinner above all!
Hot air balloon flights
VIP hot air balloon flights
VIP FLIGHT BY ACTIVUS HOT AIR BALLOON
Romantic flight for two
MORNING FLIGHT IN THE WOODS OF LABANORAS
HIGH ALTITUDE FLIGHT TO 18 000 FT
16 and 24 passenger balloons for big groups
Prices
F.A.Q.
Contacts
Registration
LT
RU
EN
LT
RU
EN
Privacy policy
Data collection
You can use this website without disclosing personal data. Disclosure of personal data is not required for the use of this website except when the data is necessary for purchasing tickets or registering for an air balloon flight.
Collection and processing of personal data
We collect your personal data during registration, when you fill in forms or write emails. The database and its contents remain within our company. We do not submit your personal data for the use of third parties in any form.
We collect the following data:
Name
Surname
Email
Phone number
City
Weight
Age
The data is collected for the purpose of planning and executing safe flights. It is also used for the purpose of insuring our clients.
Using Cookies
A cookie is a small text file on your computer or mobile device that is saved by the website when you visit it. Cookies are widely used to ensure that websites can function or function more effectively as well as to provide information to the owners of the websites.
In our website, we use the following cookies:
Google Analytics is a web traffic analysis service that helps analyse the use of this website. The information provided is used for remarketing purposes. All data is anonymised.
Facebook Pixel is a service we use as a means of analysis that helps us evaluate the effectiveness of advertisements by helping us comprehend your behaviour in our website. The collected data is anonymised.
Additional information
If you have any questions about the management of your data, please email us at info@orobalionai.lt
To the top
About us
Flights
Prices
F.A.Q.
Contacts
Registration
Payment methods
Privacy policy
Information by phone:
+370 (611) 20911
I-VII 09:00-19:00