http://ourcabana.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:Our Money Cabana ("Our Money Cabana") operates ourcabana.org and may operate other websites. It is Our Money Cabana policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Our Money Cabana collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our Money Cabana purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Our Money Cabana visitors use its website. From time to time, Our Money Cabana may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Our Money Cabana also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on ourcabana.org blogs/sites. Our Money Cabana only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Our Money Cabana websites choose to interact with Our Money Cabana in ways that require Our Money Cabana to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Our Money Cabana gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at ourcabana.org to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Our Money Cabana are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Our Money Cabana collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Our Money Cabana. Our Money Cabana does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Our Money Cabana may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Our Money Cabana may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Our Money Cabana does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Our Money Cabana discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Our Money Cabana behalf or to provide services available at Our Money Cabana websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Our Money Cabana websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Our Money Cabana will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Our Money Cabana discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Our Money Cabana believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Our Money Cabana, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Our Money Cabana website and have supplied your email address, Our Money Cabana may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Our Money Cabana and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Our Money Cabana takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Our Money Cabana uses cookies to help Our Money Cabana identify and track visitors, their usage of Our Money Cabana website, and their website access preferences. Our Money Cabana visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Our Money Cabana websites, with the drawback that certain features of Our Money Cabana websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Our Money Cabana, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Our Money Cabana goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Our Money Cabana may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Our Money Cabana and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Our Money Cabana may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Our Money Cabana sole discretion. Our Money Cabana encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a ourcabana.org account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.