http://outdooradventuresinc.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: e-mail address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, please inform us as such by sending an email to oailegal@outdooradventuresinc.com, or by calling 888-249-1995.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Additional information
Any additional information in regards to this privacy policy or the functionality/security of our website may be obtained by email to oailegal@outdooradventuresinc.com.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.outdooradventuresinc.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 04/12/16
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Outdoor Adventures, Incorporated
800 Washington Avenue, #200
Bay City, Michigan 48706
United States
oailegal@outdooradventuresinc.com
Menu
Home
About Us
Who We Are
History
Blog
Construction
Winners
Employment Opportunities
Resorts
Lake Shore
Lake of The North
Rifle River
Saginaw Bay
Wilderness
Grand Haven
Mount Pleasant
Kalamazoo
Benjamin’s Beaver Creek
Affiliate Resorts
Reservations
Make Reservation
Change Existing Reservation
Cancel Reservations
COVID-19 Plan
Activities
Rentals
Storage
Contact Us
Pay Online
Privacy Policy - Outdoor Adventures Resorts
Need Help?
Hello! How can we help you today?
For all reservations call (888) 249-1995
Name*Member #Email*
I need info about:*My MembershipNew MembershipBillingRV StorageResort AmenitiesOtherMessage*CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Limited Time - First Visit SpecialFree RV Camping Vacation - 3 Days, 2 Nights By Signing up, I give my electronic signature and consent that Outdoor Adventures may contact me with offers at the phone number or email address provided, including by text msg., autodialer, or prerecorded msg. Consent not required for purchase. Msg. & data rates may apply.Sign-Up