https://outdoorindustry.org/privacy/
Last Updated: 10/12/18
Outdoor Industry Association (“OIA”) is committed to respecting the privacy and security of your personal information. We are a membership-driven trade organization for the outdoor industry. In connection with that, we collect information when you access or use our Site or Services. The following online privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the information we collect and how we use that information. By using this website  (“Site”) or the service offered through our Site (the “Service”), you consent to our Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy deals with how OIA and its affiliated non-profit organization, Outdoor Foundation (“OF”, and together with OIA, “we” or “us”), which is a membership-driven trade organization for the outdoor industry, collect, use, and share information.
We may periodically update this Privacy Policy to reflect material changes in how we collect, use, share or store your personal information. We encourage you to refer to this Privacy Policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current Privacy Policy. You consent to any changes we make to this Privacy Policy if you continue to use the Site or Service after receiving a notice of the change or upon our posting of the new Privacy Policy on this Site.
This Privacy Policy informs you about:
(1)  the personal information we collect and how we collect it;
(2)  how we use and disclose the personal information;
(3)  how we protect your personal information;
(4)  our practices regarding the information of children;
(5)  third party data practices;
(6)  how you can access and change the personal information we store about you; and
(7)  how you can contact us with any questions or concerns.
As used in this Privacy Policy, the term “personal information” is information that would allow someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your full name, address, telephone number, birth date, or email address. Non-personal information is information that does not directly identify an individual. We collect both types of information about you. The following provides examples of the types of data that we collect from you and how we use the information.
COLLECTING INFORMATION
The following are the types of information we collect:
Information you give us: We receive the personal information you provide to us when you use the Site such as your answers to any questions you provide. If you provide information directly to us in other ways, such as by sending us an email, we may retain that information and add it with the other information we have collected from you. We may also collect personal information that is necessary for our legitimate interests, which will be disclosed to you at the time of collection. We will use this information for the purposes of which it was collected.  We collect information from you, such as your first and last name, gender, e-mail, billing and mailing addresses, phone number, company name, title, website urls, and password when you create an account to log in to our network.  We also retain information that you post or store through your account and/or on our website, including without limitation any messages you send or post, and your interests and preferences.  If you exchange any messages through our site, we may store those as well.  If you purchase anything through our site, we (or our third party partners) may collect your credit card or payment information. When you post messages on the message boards or forums of our website (including without limitation our job boards) or on our blog (if applicable), the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it.  If you post any press-releases to the Site, others will be able to see it.   You may choose not to provide all or a portion of this information, however creating an account is a prerequisite for using the full functions of the Site.  If you apply for a grant, we will collect the information in your application.
Information from third parties: We may receive personal information about you from other sources, such as our business partners or from individuals who refer you to us. We may also receive information about you from third parties, including marketers and advertisers.  If you apply for a grant, we may receive information about you from the entity granting or administering the grant process. We may add this information to other information we collect from you. If your employer or a company with which you are affiliated is a member, we may receive information about you from your employer or such entity, including your name, title, email, and contact information.
Automatically collected information: We may receive and store certain types of information from you each time you use the Site or Service. For example we may automatically log your browser type, language preference, the date and time of your visit to the Site, your time zone, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and the website you visited before our Site. In addition, we may receive and store information about your use of the Site and Service, including, for example, the pages you visited, the length of your session, the purchases you made, and the applications you downloaded. We may also receive and store information about the device you used to access the Site and Service, including, for example, the device’s make, the device’s model, the device’s operating system, your carrier, and any mobile applications through which you interact with the Site and Services. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. Among other things, cookies help us improve our Site and Service and improve your experience on our Site and within our Service by analyzing the way you use our Site and Service. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but that may prevent us from providing you with the full range of Service we offer. Also, please be aware that if you visit other websites you may be required to accept cookies. The use of cookies placed by third parties on other websites is not covered by this Privacy Policy. We do not have access or control over such cookies.
Web Beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Site or in our emails. We use web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
Other. We may also use clear gifs or other data files or identifiers to collect information for statistical purposes and to improve and develop the Service we provide. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are placed on a hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages.  We use Google Tag manager to cache images on your device for faster loading speeds.  We also use Google and Facebook conversion pixels to gain visibility into the success of our advertising
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). We do not respond to browser-based “do not track” signals. Some third party sites who push content to our Site may keep track of your browsing activities over time and across different websites when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you.
Social Information:  The Site may offer you the ability to share your personal information through a social networking site (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn), using such site’s integrated tools (e.g., Facebook “Like” button, or Twitter “Tweet” button).  The use of such integrated tools enables you to share personal information about yourself with other individuals or the public, depending on the settings that you have established with such social networking site.  Additionally, by making personal information available on the website, you “opt in” to allow OIA and/or OF to provide such personal information to a social networking site without your further consent.  For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and use in connection with such social networking site or a site’s integrated tools, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these social networking sites.
USING AND DISCLOSING INFORMATION
We use and disclose your personal information only as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed to you on our Site. For example, we may use and/or disclose your personal information:
To operate and improve our Site and Services;
To confirm that you are an actual person and not a bot;
To facilitate the creation of and secure your account on our network and identify you as a user in our system;
To respond to any questions or concerns that you may have;
To review grant proposals and award grants;
To send you marketing, promotional communications, upgrades and special offers related to our services and for other marketing purposes of ours or our third party companies;
For market research, analytical purposes, project planning, and product development;
For troubleshooting problems, detecting and protecting against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity;
To better understand your needs and provide you with more personalized Services;
To fulfil other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law;
To third-party contractors that provide services to us and are contractually bound to safeguard your personal information (i.e., website hosting providers, payment processors, log monitoring analysts, forensic data scientists, user data analysts, marketing assistants, and other service providers for legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law);
To third parties for their own marketing and promotional purposes.
To our wholly-owned companies and affiliates (including without limitation any affiliated non-profit organizations), which may be outside the United States;
To third parties in connection with any merger, acquisition, reorganization, change in capital structure or sale of all or part of the business or makes a sale or transfer of assets of OIA and/or OF;
To third parties designated by you with your express consent;
When we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to comply with law, protect or defend our rights or the rights of other users of our Site or products or Services, or act in an emergency to protect someone’s safety; or
Otherwise with your express consent.
Membership Directory: we may include your name, company name and address, title and phone number as part of a membership directory that is published on the Site to all registered members, and is also provided to our third party partners (who may also receive your email address). This membership directory, as viewable by other members on the website, does not include email addresses.
We may create non-personally identifying anonymous or aggregate data from the information we collect and information provided by third parties. We may use that anonymous or aggregate data for our own purposes or disclose it to third parties in our own discretion.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We take reasonable steps to help protect your personal information in an effort designed to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We follow reasonable standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. ACCORDINGLY, WE CANNOT AND DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT YOUR INFORMATION IS COMPLETELY SECURE AND SAFE FROM SUCH RISKS OR THAT IT WILL BE SECURE TRANSMITTED OVER THE INTERNET.  FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ENSURING, GUARANTEEING OR OTHERWISE OFFERING ANY DEFINITIVE PROMISE OF SECURITY IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR INFORMATION. Please contact us if you have any questions about security of our Site.
PROCEDURES REGARDING CHILDREN
Our Site and Service is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to us using the Site or Service. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Site or Service. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at info@outdoorindustry.org.
THIRD PARTIES
Advertisements and Links to Other Websites: The Site may contain links, content, and advertisements from third parties. Such links, content, and advertisements are not endorsements, authorizations or representations of our affiliation with that third party. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third parties, and we encourage you to carefully review the privacy policy of any website you visit. OIA and OF expressly disclaim, any and all liability related to actions of such linked Sites, their terms and conditions and/or the content of such sites.
Advertising agencies, advertising networks, and other companies who may place advertisements on our Site may use their own cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, web bugs and other technology to collect information about you. We do not control these companies’ use of such technology and we have no responsibility for the use of such technology by these companies to gather information about you.
HOW TO REVIEW, MODIFY OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATION
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from us or would like to update or change your personal information or preferences, follow the instructions below to review, modify or delete your personal information.
To modify the information you have provided during registration, please login and update your personal settings on the Site.
To unsubscribe from a promotional email, please follow the instructions in any email you receive. If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you transactional communications, such as those about your account, to fulfill orders you have made, to ask you to rate a product you purchased, or event you attended.
To manage your communication preferences, please change them in the member portal under communication preferences.
If you have submitted information through the Site, and you would like to review, request changes or have that information deleted from our databases, please contact us by sending a letter to our Privacy Compliance Officer at Outdoor Industry Association (OIA), 2580 55th Street, Suite 101, Boulder, CO 80301 USA.
If you request your registration information be deleted or if you unsubscribe from communications, we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, as required under applicable legal obligations, or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or access. Notwithstanding the prior two sentences, if the laws in your state provide you with additional protections, or require us to comply with more stringent obligations to provide you with, remove, or correct your personally identifiable information, we will comply with such legal requirements.
When updating or deleting your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with applicable.
Our Site offers publicly accessible community services such as blogs and forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. Your posts may remain even after you cancel your account.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
OIA and/or OF retain your personal information:
For so long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with Services or to fulfill our contractual obligations;
As necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements; and
For so long as is necessary for the purposes for which we collected such personal information.
QUESTIONS AND FEEDBACK
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please contact us by email at info@outdoorindustry.org. If OIA and/or OF needs, or is required, to contact you concerning any event that involves information about you, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail.
COMPLAINTS
If you have a data privacy complaint, please contact us by at Privacy Compliance Officer at Outdoor Industry Association (OIA), 2580 55th Street, Suite 101, Boulder, CO 80301 USA or at info@outdoorindustry.org.
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern.
CALIFORNIA VISITORS
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which OIA and/or OF have disclosed certain information collected in connection with this Site and Service during the preceding year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us at  info@outdoorindustry.org. For all requests, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the body of your request and include the name of this Site, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, mail, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA VISITORS
In accordance with applicable laws, you may have the right to request access to, rectification, and erasure of your personal information; restriction of processing of personal information; objecting to certain processing of personal information; and the right to data portability. Where any processing of personal information is solely dependent upon your consent, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time (For example, we suggest by using the unsubscribe link contained in an applicable marketing message or by changing your communication preferences in the member portal under communication preferences). Where you believe that we have not processed your personal information in accordance with applicable laws, you may lodge a complaint with the respective supervisory authority or data protection regulator. The provision of personal information by you will be for contractual, marketing, analytical purposes, or other purposes as referred to in this Privacy Policy. When we receive your request, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. We may withhold information where we are required by law to do so or if the search for that information would require disproportionate effort or have a disproportionate effect to, for example, the cost of providing the information, the time it would take to retrieve the data, or how difficult it may be to obtain the information requested.
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS
OIA and OF are based, and this Site is hosted, in the United States of America. If you are from a country outside of the United States of America with laws governing data collection, use, and disclosure that may differ from U.S. law and you provide personal information to us, please note that any personal information that you provide to us may be transferred to the United States of America. By providing your personal information, you hereby specifically and expressly consent to such transfer and processing and the collection, use, and disclosure set forth herein. Where we transfer your personal information from the EEA to recipients located outside the EEA who are not in a jurisdiction that has been formally designated by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection to receive personal information, we do so on the basis of standard contractual clauses. You may request a copy of the relevant standard contractual clauses by emailing us at info@outdoorindustry.org.
0