https://owners.hyundaiusa.com/us/en/privacy/data-request.html
Personal Information Request
This site can be used to submit a request for access, deletion, or opt-out of the sale of personal information under applicable law
At Hyundai Motor America, your privacy is important to us, as is your trust in our products and services. During your interactions with us, we may collect and use information about you. This may be used to tailor the experience to you or provide relevant information about our products and services. We take great care in your privacy and personal information with us.
Our Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share your personal information, including, as applicable, your rights regarding access, deletion, opting-out, and correction of your personal information. Please review our Privacy Policy for more details on our personal information practices, including:
Categories of personal information.
Sources of personal information.
Use of personal information.
Disclosure of personal information.
California individual rights and choices.
If you would like to request to download or delete your personal information with us, or want to check status on an existing request, please select from the options below
Visit our
FAQ page
for more information on personal information requests and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Make a New Request
Please click the button below to start a new request.
Get Started
Check Status of a Previous Request
Please click the button below to check the status of a previously submitted request
Check Status
Submit a Request On-Behalf of Someone Else
Please click the button below to submit a request on behalf of someone else
Get Started
Need More Assistance?Contact us
Your session will expire in
Would you like to extend your session another 20 minutes?
×
Secondary Driver Invitation
I agree to the terms of use.
Cancel
×
Enter your new Hyundai VIN
Please
enter VIN.
Enter
a valid VIN
What's a VIN?
A unique 17-character serial number used to identify
individual motor vehicles.
Where do I find my VIN?
- Driver's side dashboard - Inside driver's side door
jamb - Vehicle insurance card - Vehicle title
record (pink slip)
×
Your service history may
automatically display if:
You visited an authorized Hyundai dealer participating in the service sharing program with Hyundai Motor America.The service records shared are matched to you and your vehicle. For the best results, please ensure your name or a member of your household's name and address match the information associated with this account.
Create security question
*Required
Select a security question that you will use to access your account. You will need to answer this question if you forget or change your password, change your e-mail address, or ask Hyundai Customer Care to modify your account settings.
Security question *
Please select security question type.
Security answer*
Please provide an answer for the question.
×
Your browser doesn't support HTML5 video.
Download the video instead.
00:00 / 01:00