https://paliadventures.com/privacy-policy/
Pali Adventures’ Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you visit our site, place an order or fill out a form.
When registering on our site you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
When ordering on our site, you may also be asked to provide your credit card information.
We collect limited demographic data (age and sex) for internal reporting. This data is used to better serve our customers and is never shared with any outside parties.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
TO IMPROVE OUR WEBSITE
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
TO IMPROVE CUSTOMER SERVICE
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
TO PROCESS TRANSACTIONS
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
TO SEND PERIODIC EMAILS
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to our offerings, your order, or to receive company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information you provide us (when you place an order).
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the cce information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
DO WE USE COOKIES?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites’ or service providers’ systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
Because we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
GDPR COMPLIANCE
We are in compliance with the requirements of GDPR (EU General Data Protection Regulation), and as such you have the right to withdraw consent at any time. Please contact us if you wish to have your information erased from our database.
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ONLY
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 11/30/18
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
www.PaliAdventures.com
P.O. Box 2237
Running Springs, CA 92382
USA
(909) 867-5743
Oops! We could not locate your form.
×
Oops! We could not locate your form.
×