https://papillonclub.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerHome
Blog
Handbooks
The Club
Breed Info
Breed Information
Care of Papillons
Breeding Papillons
Papillon Health
Activities
Forthcoming Events
Show Results
Annual Awards
Agility
Rescue & Welfare
My account
Contact us
This privacy policy describes how The Papillon (Butterfly Dog) Club uses and protects information you give us when using our website www.papillonclub.co.uk
We may update this policy from time to time. The latest version will always be published on this page. This version was first published on 17th July 2020.
Data gathered by this website
We gather and use limited information about individuals who use this website. We use this information to provide products and services; to enable certain website functions; to better understand how visitors use this website; and to present timely and relevant information to visitors.
We may collect the following information:
Website usage dataUser data such as your IP address and details of your browser and device
Data you send to us voluntarily via our contact forms
This website may collect the following information via its contact and enquiry form features (use of these features is optional):
Your nameYour contact information including email address and telephone numbersThe name and website address of your companyOther written information related to your enquiry that you provide
How we use this data
Collecting this data helps us to understand what you are looking for from the company and to improve our products and services.
Specifically, we may use data:
For our own internal recordsTo improve our products and servicesTo contact you in response to a specific enquiryTo customise the website for youTo send you information emails about club news, products, services and other things we think might be relevant to you
We will not share your personal information with or sell it to third-party marketers.
Our service partners
We may use the following third-party service providers named below to process and store your data:
Mailchimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC), which we use to manage email subscriber lists and send emails to our subscribers. Read their privacy policy.
We will not share your personal information with any other third-party unless we have your permission or the law requires us to.
Any personal information we hold about you is stored and processed in accordance with the UK’s Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
How to make a request about your data
You can contact us to ask us what data we hold about you, who has access to it and how it is being used. We will also delete any data about you that we hold if you ask us to.
To make a request please contact us.
Cookies and how we use them
A cookie is a small file stored on your computer or device, which enables our website to identify your computer or device as you view our website pages. Cookies allow websites to store your preferences and track how websites are used.
We may use cookies to:
Record website usage dataIdentify whether you are signed into our websiteTest content on our websiteRecognise when you return to our website
Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer. You can use your web browser’s settings to refuse cookies if you wish.
Links to external websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. We have no control of websites outside of The Papillon (Butterfly Dog) Club. We are not responsible for the content of other websites, or for the protection or privacy of data you submit to them.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Primary SidebarSearch the site ...
Members
Log in
Members’ Area
Register
My account
Shopping Cart
What’s New
Winter Newsletter 2020 – Issue 191
Membership Renewal
Pub Quiz Answers – Summer 2020
Archived Newsletter 184
Archived Newsletters 185 and 186
Categories
About Papillons
Agility
Annual Awards
Blog
Breeding Papillons
Contact the Club
Papillon Health
Papillon Rescue & Welfare
Show Results
The Club
Tributes
Uncategorized
FooterSubscribe
Sign up to receive email notification when our website is updated. You may unsubscribe at any time. ----------------------------------------------------------
Last Name
First Name
Email Address
By checking this box I consent to the use of my information provided for email marketing purposes.
Submit
Forthcoming Events
6 February 2021
Open Show February 2021
17 April 2021
Championship Show 2021
9 May 2021
Re-scheduled Championship Show 2021
17 October 2021
Re-scheduled Papillon Clubs’ Joint Championship Show 2021
20 November 2021
Open Show November 2021
Keep in Touch!
Join us on Facebook
Contact the club secretary!
Site Information
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact us