https://pelaqitapersians.com/privacy-policy-and-coppa/
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Pelaqita Persians website and reviewing our privacy policy. Our privacy policy is clear:
We do NOT sell our customer list or customer information to anyone.
We do NOT share our customer list or customer information with anyone.
We do NOT collect personal information unless the customer provides it.
Customer information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, fax number and billing information is collected for the sole purpose of providing services to our customers and periodically notifying them of improvements to our products and services.
At any time, customers may “opt-out” of such offers and notifications by following the opt-out link on the specific offer received, or by contacting us at susan@pelaqitapersians.com
PELAQITA PERSIANS is provided as a service to our customers by Pelaqitapersians.com.
Information presented on PELAQITA PERSIANS is considered proprietary information and may not be distributed or copied without permission from PELAQITA PERSIANS.
For site management, information is collected for statistical purposes. This computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics. This information is only used to see how people are navigating the site. It enables us to improve the overall site, make it easier to navigate and allows us to provide additional, updated information in the most popular areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and will be scheduled for regular destruction.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
This site contains links to other sites. PELAQITAPERSIANS.COM is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other such websites.
Questions or comments about the information presented here should be forwarded to susan@pelaqitapersians.com.
Miscellaneous
Many web-goers are experienced in using the World Wide Web. However, to ensure that everyone has a more enjoyable experience while navigating our website we have provided the following explanations in order to assist all of our visitors.
Photographic Images and Pictures
Images on the website have been digitally watermarked with ownership and usage information. Digimarc and the Digimarc logo are registered trademarks of Digimarc Corporation. The "Digimarc-Enabled" Web Button is a trademark of Digimarc Corporation, used with permission.
Navigation
Navigation of this site is at the top of each page.
Javascript
This site does use some javascript. You will need to have javascript enabled on your computer.
Family and Child Safe Web Site
This site isSafe Surf Rated, ICRA checked - (program closed), iWatchDog Certified (program is closed 2013), is a Trust Worthy Site - (program closed September 2013), Awards Treasure Chest, and is a Family Safe Site.
Safe Surf Rated
ICRA rated
Disclaimer:
Liability
Pelaqita Persians provides the feline information on this site as a service to the public. Pelaqita Persians does not warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, or product. Diagnosis and treatment of specific conditions should ALWAYS be in consultation with one's own veterinarian. Pelaqita Persians', and Susan and/or John MacArthur, disclaim all warranties and liability related to the veterinary advice and information provided on this site.
Amazon Affiliate
Pelaqita Persians is an Amazon Associate and I earn compensation from qualifying purchases.
Links To Other Sites
Pelaqita Persians provides links to other websites for your convenience and information. These sites may have their own privacy statements in place, which we recommend you review if you visit any linked websites.
PayPal payments or Square payments are accepted through the PayPal or Square website(s) which is a secure site for such transactions. Please review the types of information they may collect on its' users via their websites.
Pelaqita Persians is not responsible for the availability or content of these external sites, nor does Pelaqita Persians necessarily endorse, warrant, or guarantee the products, services, or information described or offered at these other Internet sites. Users cannot assume that the external sites will abide by the same Privacy Policy, nor adherence to C.O.P.P.A. regulations to which Pelaqita Persians adheres.
It is the responsibility of the user to examine the copyright, child safety, and C.O.P.P.A. policies of all linked pages.
Guest Book
If you choose to sign and submit any content in our Guest Book, this information will be visible to all the other guests. Please be aware that due to our concern with children and COPPA, all entries to our Guest Book will be reviewed by Pelaqita Persians before posting on our site. We reserve the right to edit and/or delete any entry from our Guest Book to ensure that no profanity or inappropriate material is posted to our site.
C.O.P.P.A.
C.O.P.P.A. stands for the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. It applies to all websites maintained on a server in the United States. In part, it states that we (the site) cannot collect any personal information - name, address, telephone number, or E-mail address - from any child under the age of 13. While Pelaqita Persians does not cater to children under the age of 18 (as they cannot legally enter into a contract of sale), we understand that cats and kittens are something children are interested in and our website is one that children under the age of 13 may come across while surfing the web. In an effort to do our part to protect the privacy of children using the internet, as well as to be in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), it is Pelaqita Persians' policy to refrain from the collection, use or disclosure of personal information from persons under the age of eighteen (18). While we do not correspond nor do business with people under the age of 18, we recognize that does not prevent a minor child from contacting us. We feel strongly that ultimately it is the responsibility of the parent(s) to monitor their child's web surfing. Further information on COPPA.
Type and Press “enter” to Search