https://petpartners.org/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Pet Partners respects your privacy and understands the importance of protecting your personal information. Our Privacy Policy was created to inform you of how we will use your personal information and how you can communicate with us about your preferences.
Information Collection
Pet Partners collects certain personal information when you communicate with us, complete any of our online forms (such as when you request information from us, make a donation, subscribe to our magazine or e-newsletter, register to become a handler, sign up for mobile texts), or forward a web page or electronic newsletter. The information we collect may include, but is not limited to, your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, and organization name. It may also include a mobile phone number, the email addresses of those to whom you forward Pet Partners’ electronic content, and any other information collected in the forms. We also collect credit card and/or banking and billing information if you choose to make a contribution or purchase a product or service.
Pet Partners’ website also collects certain additional information, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows 7 or 10), information about your geographic location, and the domain name of your Internet service provided. This information does not identify you personally when you visit our website.
Use of Personal Information
Pet Partners respects your privacy and has developed policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled in a responsible manner.
Pet Partners may use your information to complete your donations, contact you about our on-going work, discuss employment opportunities and ways that you can help support our mission. We may use your information to fulfill your requests for information, products, or services, and to respond to your inquiries. We may use your information to conduct research about Pet Partners programs and services. Occasionally, Pet Partners may make your information, excluding credit card information, available to sponsors or licensees that provide special programs or services we think you might find interesting or beneficial. Although we make inquiries to determine that these select organizations maintain privacy policies similar to Pet Partners’, we are not responsible for the enforcement of such policies. If you wish to update or remove your information, or if you do not wish your information to be shared with these third parties, you can opt out at any time by contacting us at webadmin@petpartners.org and providing your complete name and address.
Pet Partners may share, rent, or exchange donor names and postal addresses with third parties, including other reputable nonprofit organizations. This helps us keep our costs for mailings down. In such cases, the other organization is only permitted to use the information for a one-time mailing. You may opt out of this exchange at any time by contacting us at webadmin@petpartners.org and providing your complete name and address. Except in the limited circumstances outlined below, Pet Partners will not intentionally share your e-mail address, phone number or financial information.
Pet Partners may disclose your personal information in certain situations:
1) You give us information to do so.
2) Transactions. Sharing the information with a third party is necessary to complete a transaction (e.g., to process credit card information).
3) Necessity. We will disclose personal information if compelled by a legal or regulatory authority of if we have reason to believe that there has been some inappropriate interference with or use of our website.
Information from Children
We do not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to provide us with their personal information. If you are under the age of 13, do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. In the event we learn that we collected such information from anyone under the age of 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have collected personal information from anyone uder the age of 13, please contact us at webadmin@petpartners.org or call us Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m.-4:00 p.m. Pacific Time at 1-425-679-5530.
Security
We take every precaution to protect your personal information. It is kept confidential and stored in a secure environment. Access to your information is restricted only to authorized staff with a legitimate and specific business purpose, such as to process an online donation. Whenever you visit or log into petpartners.org, you are connected to our website via a secure and encrypted connection. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is also encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar, and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page of any page or form on our website.
Use of Cookies and Pixels
A “cookie” is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from Pet Partners’ web server and is stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are used to collect non-identifying information about the user’s activity on the website and deliver content that is specific to your interests. They help us improve our website by tracking and targeting the interests of our users as they visit different sections of our site. Cookies do not contain any personal information.
Pet Partners uses pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising.
Your Consent
By accessing and/or using the website, or by contributing to Pet Partners by any means, you have agreed to abide by the practices described in this privacy policy, as may be amended from time to time. You have also agreed to the transfer, processing and maintenance of your personal and sensitive information in the United States.
You Have A Choice
We understand that you may wish to limit the ways in which we contact you. If you would like to make a change, simply send an email to webadmin@petpartners.org with the following information:
To remove your name from mailing lists shared with other organizations, please provide your full name, mailing address and a sentence requesting removal.
To remove your name from the Pet Partners postal mailing list, please provide your full name, mailing address and a sentence requesting suppression of your personal information in our files.
To review or correct your personal information with Pet Partners, please provide your name and a sentence requesting a review or correction.
Changes to Privacy Practices
From time to time, Pet Partners may revise its privacy practices to address changing technology, security measures and website functionality. We strive to provide you with timely notice of these changes by posting them on our website. Please contact us if you have any questions about changes to our practices.
Returns & Exchange Policy
Physical Goods
If for any reason you are returning all or part of the order, Pet Partners will issue a refund (less shipping and handling) to your original credit card, or exchange with another item(s). Items must be returned in new condition within 30 days of the invoice date. If your order is a gift order and the gift recipient wishes to return or exchange it, the same Returns and Exchange Policy applies.
Returns and exchanges must be sent to DCG ONE, 4401 E. Marginal Way S., Seattle, WA 98134 within 30 days of purchase.
IMPORTANT! No refund/exchange will be made on items returned after 30 days of purchase/invoice date. Pet Partners will not be held responsible for returning items to purchaser when goods are received after the 30 day refund/exchange policy.
For questions about orders, please contact petpartners@dcgone.com.
Online & Digital Content
Digital content purchases such as e-books purchased from Amazon or similar retailers are NONREFUNDABLE.
Online training, which has not been completed, may be refundable within 30 days of purchase. Such a refund is subject to a processing fee. Please contact us for further information.
In Person Events
Most of the in-person events (workshops and evaluations) hosted through the Pet Partners website are conducted by volunteers. Pet Partners does not collect fees for these events and therefore their refunds/rescheduling is under the control of the instructor/evaluator or local group.
For evaluations where fees are collected by Pet Partners, the following policies apply:
In the event of a failure to appear without notice at an evaluation for which you have paid, no refund will be due.
If an evaluation is cancelled by an evaluator without a reschedule date a full refund will be issued to the registered handlers.
If an evaluation is rescheduled by an evaluator and the new date is not viable for the handler it is the handler’s responsibility to request removal from the event and a refund within one week of the notice of rescheduling.
To receive a refund (less $5 handling fee) for an evaluation registration, the handler must notify Pet Partners at least one week in advance of the evaluation date.
If a handler wishes to change from one evaluation to another, the handler must contact Pet Partners within one week of the earliest evaluation to request the change.