https://phoenixlocos.com/terms-and-conditions-of-website/
Phoenix locos are UK based international distributors of high quality, affordable battery electric model locos, rolling stock and loco bogies in 5 inch and 7.25 inch gauge that are ideal as club locos or in garden railways.
Phoenix
About Phoenix
UK Delivery
International Delivery
Contact
Accessibility
Terms & Conditions of Sale
T&C of Website New to the larger scales?
Products
Model Locos
Rolling Stock
Bogies
Control & Drive Systems
Second Hand
News
Gallery
Model Locos
Rolling Stock
Bogies
Control & Drive Systems
Links
Societies
Resources
Suppliers
T & C of Website
http://www.phoenixlocos.com "Website" and its content are owned and operated by Phoenix Locomotives Ltd ("Phoenix,” “Phoenix Locos", "we", "us" or "our") a company registered in England and Wales. Registered Number: 5006545. Registered Office: 1 Colchester Road Southport Merseyside PR8 6XJ.
Your use of this Website is subject to these Website Terms of Use ("Terms of Use"), which tell you the basis on which you may make use of our Website.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully. Together with our privacy policy, they govern our relationship with you in relation to this Website.
If you have any questions about them or do not wish to accept them, please contact us.
Information about us
Your access to this Website
Our liability to you
Information on this Website
Linking
Intellectual Property Rights
Privacy, Data Protection & Cookies
1. INFORMATION ABOUT US
We are Phoenix Locomotives Limited, ("Phoenix" “Phoenix Locos”, "we", "us" or "our") a company registered in England and Wales. Registered Number: 5006545. Registered Office: 1 Colchester Rd Southport Pr8 6XJ.
You can contact us by email at keith@phoenixlocos.com.
The Website to which these Terms of Use apply and for which we are responsible is http://www.phoenixlocos.com
2. YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
We have made this Website available to you for your own personal non-commercial use. We may modify, withdraw or deny access to this Website at any time.
We will withdraw or deny access to this Website at any time in relation to a user who breaches any of the terms contained in these Terms of Use.
This Website and all of its contents including, without limitation, all text, software, software source code, trade marks, logos, designs, images, photographs, audio visual materials, written materials and any other form of material ("Website Content") is protected by copyright and other intellectual property rights throughout the world and is owned by us or licensed to us by third parties.
Any rights or licenses of the Website Content not expressly granted by the Terms of Use are reserved.
Except as set out in the Terms of Use, your use of the Website Content without written permission of the Website Content owner is strictly prohibited. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page from this Website for non-commercial, private use provided that:
The content is not used on Ebay or other such web based auction sites
You do not modify, distribute, transmit, display, reproduce, create derivative works from, sell, license or otherwise use the Website Content without our written permission
No graphics are used separately from accompanying text
Our copyright and trade mark notices appear in all copies and you acknowledge this Website as the source of the material and any person to whom you provide these materials is made aware of these restrictions
You agree that when accessing the Website you shall not price scrape or harvest pricing either manually or by use of a web spider, web robot or any other web crawling technology
We monitor the market for infringements of our intellectual property rights and reserve the right to take any action we deem appropriate to protect our rights.
3. OUR LIABILITY TO YOU
These Terms of Use do not exclude our liability (if any) to you for:
Personal injury or death resulting from our negligence
Fraud
any matter which it would be illegal for us to exclude or to attempt to exclude our liability
We are only liable to you for losses which you suffer as a result of a breach of these Terms of Use by us. We are not responsible to you for any losses which you may incur which were not a foreseeable consequence of us breaching these Terms of Use, for example if you and we could not have contemplated those losses before or when you access this Website. Our liability to you shall not in any circumstances include any business losses that you may incur, including but not limited to lost data, lost profits or business interruption.
We do not guarantee that the use of this Website will not cause damage to any property, including, but not limited to loss of data or computer virus infection. We accept no liability for viruses and you are advised to take all appropriate safeguards before downloading information or images from the Website. We do not guarantee that this Website will be available all the time or at any specific time. We reserve the right to withdraw, update or modify this Website at any time.
Please note that nothing contained in these Terms of use in any way affects your statutory rights
4. INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE
The information contained on this Website is given for general information and interest purposes only. Whilst we try and ensure the information contained on the Website is accurate and up to date, we cannot be responsible for any inaccuracies in the information. As a result, you should not rely on this information, and we recommend that you take further advice or seek further guidance before taking any action based on the information contained on this Website. Our liability to you as explained above remains unaffected by this.
Specifically, please note that some products on our Website ("Products") may appear slightly larger or smaller than actual size due to screen defaults and photography techniques. Other products may be represented at a larger size than actual size in order to clearly show details or smaller than actual size in order to show the entire item.
5. LINKING
We may link to other websites which are not within our control. When we do this, we will try and make it as clear as possible that you are leaving our Website. We are not responsible for these websites in any way. It is your responsibility to check the terms and conditions and privacy policy on any other website which you visit.
You may provide a link to this Website from any other business or business information or service website provided that you comply with the following conditions:
Links must be to the homepage of the Website at http://www.phoenixlocos.com
our Website must not be framed on any other website therefore you may not create a frame or any other border around the Website
The site from which you wish to link must comply with all relevant laws and regulations and must not contain content which may be considered to be distasteful or offensive
You must not imply that we endorse or are associated with any other website, product or service (unless expressly agreed to in advance by ourselves in writing)
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice
6. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
The formation, existence, construction, performance, validity and all aspects whatsoever of these Terms of Use; or of any term of these Terms of Use, will be governed by the law of England and Wales.
7. PRIVACY, DATA PROTECTION & COOKIES
This document explains how we collect customer data and what we do with it.
We collect personal data when you request information or purchase goods or services from us. This data can be collated from communications by mail or telephone, personal meetings, exhibitions, email and requests via our website.
The data generally consists of contact details such as name and postal or delivery address and such relevant information to allow us to respond to a request for information or complete a quotation or sale. The data will be stored and may be used for invoicing, delivery verification of payment, administration and legal requirements.
Marketing and research - We may use the collected data to communicate future products and special offers to you. We will only send information that relates to Phoenix products and we consider relevant to you.
We monitor the collected data as part of our policy of continuous product development and to plan future products.
Disclosure and confidentiality - We will not disclose your personal data to any unauthorised third party for any purpose without your express permission.
Opting out or amending your data - If you would like us to amend your personal data or to opt out of marketing communication you can do so by contacting us.
Data Protection - We hold a PCI DSS Classification to PCI level 4 which is issued annually to check our electronic data storage complies with current requirements.
Paper based files are stored responsibly and all data can only be accessed by authorized persons.
Cookies - We use Google Analytics to provide analytical data about how people use our web site. It does not collection personally identifiable information. You can find out more about this cookie by visiting Google Analytics Privacy Policy (this link will open in your current browser window, and you will be leaving phoenixlocos.com)
Phoenix Menu
About Phoenix Locos
UK Delivery
International Delivery
Contact Phoenix
Accessibility
Terms & Conditions of Sale
T & C of Website
New to the larger scales?
Address
Phoenix Locomotives Ltd
1 Colchester Road,
Kew
Southport
PR8 6XJ
Free catalogue available upon request
Phone & Email
Tel: 01704 546 957
Mob: 07973 207 014
Email: keith @ phoenixlocos . com
Legal & VAT
Terms & Conditions
Registered company in England & Wales. Reg # 5006545.
All prices include VAT.
VAT # 884 9053 81
Model Locos
Class 52 Western
Class 50 Hoover
Project Loco 2
Titan Bogie Loco
The Hesketh
Class 42 Warship
Class 14 Teddy Bear
DB V200
Y6 Tram
Class 24
The Geep
Comet
Scooter
Rolling Stock
Bogie Bolster Wagon
Riding Car
Well Wagon
BR Mk 1 Coaches
Driving Truck
Bogies & Drive Systems
Low Profile Power Bogie
iDrive
Second Hand Locos
None Available
© 2013 Phoenix Locomotives Ltd
Designed by Phoenix Locomotives Ltd