https://pininfarina.it/en/privacy-cookie-policy/
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Information on the processing of personal data pursuant to EU Regulation 679/2016
Pursuant to European Regulation No. 679/2016 (hereinafter referred to as the “Regulation”), Pininfarina S.p.A. Please read carefully this Privacy & Cookie Policy which contains important information on the protection of your personal data.
DATA CONTROLLER
Pininfarina S. p. A. Via Montecuccoli n. 9 – 10121 Torino
CATEGORY OF DATA PROCESSED
– Personal data
– Contact information (email, phone number)
– Geo-location and/or internet browsing data collected through cookies installed on your computer or mobile device
DEFINITIONS IN THE EUROPEAN REGULATION n. 679/2016
Personal data means: “any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”); an identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, with particular reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more characteristic elements of his/her physical, physiological, genetic, psychic, economic, cultural or social identity”.
Sensitive data means “personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, as well as genetic data, biometric data designed to uniquely identify a natural person, data relating to a person’s health or sexual life or sexual orientation”. Judicial data are those relating to criminal convictions and crimes or related security measures.
Processing means “any operation or set of operations, performed with or without the aid of automated processes and applied to personal data or sets of personal data, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or modification, extraction, consultation, use, communication by transmission, dissemination or any other form of making available, comparison or interconnection, restriction, deletion or destruction”.
PURPOSE OF THE PROCESSING
We inform you, in accordance with art. 13 of EU Regulation 679/2016, that our company will proceed with the processing of personal data provided by you in accordance with the legislation on the protection of personal data and in compliance with the obligations and guarantees of the law, contract and regulations.
The personal data provided by you are collected for the exclusive purposes of personnel research and selection and the sending of newsletters or business information as described below.
Within our organization, the data may be known only by persons specifically appointed and instructed. Your personal data may also be communicated, for the same purposes, to Italian and/or foreign subsidiaries or affiliates of Pininfarina S.p.A..
The candidate may at any time exercise the rights set forth in art. 15 of the EU Regulation transcribed at the bottom of this document.
The data controller is the company writing in the person of the Legal Representative pro tempore, domiciled at the Company’s registered office in Via Nazionale 30 – Cambiano (TO).
HOW WE PROCESS YOUR DATA
The processing of your personal data is carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Regulations and any other applicable regulations and is carried out both with the help of electronic and automated means and manually, all designed to ensure maximum security and confidentiality, also by virtue of the attribution of access to personal data only to those in charge of processing and as part of the assignment. The Owner will put in place adequate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing.
NEWSLETTER
In addition to the purposes described above, we may, in accordance with applicable legal requirements, use your data to provide you with advertising, promotions, newsletters and information about our products and services tailored to you and your needs. This may include the use of demographic or trend data provided by third parties where permitted. Your contact information, including telephone numbers and email addresses, may be used to contact you. This processing is based on specific and explicit consent, which may be revoked at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe button at the bottom of each communication, and for a maximum duration of 24 months. Pininfarina reserves the right, based on its legitimate interest, to send commercial communications to those who have already purchased a product without prior consent, always in compliance with the provisions of the Privacy Code (so-called soft spam). Also in this case, if you no longer wish to receive our updates, simply unsubscribe from the newsletter service.
PERIOD OF CONSERVATION OF DATA and RIGHTS OF THE INTERESTED PARTIES
The period of retention of data contained in your CV is 2 years after receipt of the same, with invitation to notify us of any updates.
The period of retention of data provided for newsletter subscriptions and business communications is 2 years after receipt of the same, with invitation to notify us of any updates.
To exercise the rights provided by the EU Regulation (art. 15 Right of access; art.16 Correction; art. 17 Cancellation) you must write to privacy@pininfarina.it
To know the updated list of Data Processors please write to privacy@pininfarina.it
INFORMATION ON COOKIE POLICY
This website uses cookies in order to make its services as efficient and easy to use as possible.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data that allow us to compare new and past visitors and to understand how users navigate through our site. We use the data collected through cookies to provide an experience that reflects your interests, preferences and facilitates access to our services.
Cookies do not record any personal information about a user and any identifiable information will not be stored. If you wish to disable the use of cookies, you must customize your computer settings by setting all cookies to be deleted or by activating a warning message when cookies are stored. To proceed without changing the cookie application, simply continue browsing.
Visit AboutCookies.org for more information about cookies and how they affect your browsing experience.
The types of cookies we use
Cookies “strictly necessary” (Technicians)
These cookies are essential in order to allow you to browse the entire site and make full use of its features, such as accessing the various protected areas of the site. Without these cookies some necessary services, such as filling out a form for a contest, cannot be used.
“Performance” cookies
These cookies collect information about how users use a website, for example, which pages are most visited, if you receive error messages from web pages. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor. All information collected by cookies is aggregated and therefore anonymous. They are only used to improve the operation of a website.
By using our site, you agree that these cookies may be placed on your device.
“Functionality” cookies
Cookies allow the site to remember the choices you make (such as your name, language or region of origin) and provide advanced custom functionality. These cookies can also be used to remember changes made to the size of text, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize. They can also be used to provide services that you have asked how to watch a video or comments on a blog. The information collected by these types of cookies may be rendered anonymous and unable to track your browsing activity on other websites.
By using our site, you agree that such cookies may be placed on your device.
Profiling cookies for the management of customer relationships and communications of business information and events
The Site includes customer relationship management (CRM) functionality and subscription to receive reports of new business and/or events. These features may collect your IP address and the page you are visiting on the Site, as well as set certain cookies to enable proper functionality.
These features are provided by Pardot’s partner, as shown below is a link to the policies:
https://trust.salesforce.com/it/trust-and-compliance-documentation/pardot/
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
Below is a summary table of the cookies used on our site.
COOKIE NAME DOMAIN DURATION DESCRIPTION
TIPOLOGIA
Nome
Scadenza
Dominio
Technic
cookie-banner
1 mese
pininfarina.it
Profiling
Lpv#
33 min
pininfarina.it
Profiling
visitor_id#
2 anni
pininfarina.it
Profiling
visitor_id1#-hash
2 anni
pininfarina.it
Statistic
_ga
2 anni
pininfarina.it
How to manage cookies on your computer
If you wish to allow cookies from our site, please follow the steps below,
You can generally enable or disable the use of cookies at a later date via a feature built into your web browser. Learn more about how to control cookie settings via your browser:
Click here to learn more about managing cookie settings in Mozilla Firefox;
Click here to learn more about managing cookie settings in Google Chrome;
Click here to learn more about managing cookie settings in Microsoft Internet Explorer;
Click here to learn more about managing cookie settings in Safari;
Click here to learn more about managing cookie settings in Microsoft Edge
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google , Inc. (“Google”) . Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your anonymous IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, but please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
More details about the cookies used by Google Analytics can be found here: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage?hl=it
You can prevent Google from collecting a cookie generated by your use of this website (including your IP address) and processing this data by downloading and installing this browser plugin: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Privacy Germany
Impressum
Data protection declaration for applicants (recruiting).We will inform you about your rights and how we process your personal data when you apply for a job advertised by us or one of our subsidiaries. We collect and store all data that you provide to us through your application. In addition, this also applies to all other data that you provide to us, including all correspondence during the application process. This may also include special categories of personal data such as health data, e.g. disability.We may also obtain the above information about you from other sources, including recruitment agencies, the references you provide to us, websites and other publicly available information on the Internet. This includes, for example, data that you have obviously made public within online profile. We may also receive data that you transmit to us via third-party websites, e.g. from job exchanges.If you apply via our online portal, we may collect access information, such as the IP address of your access device. Further information on this can be found in our privacy policy on our website. We collect and process your personal data in order to offer advertised positions and to be able to carry out the selection process.The data provided by you will be processed for the processing of your application and, if an employment contract is established, also for the performance of the employment contract. Processing for any other purpose does not take place.The legal basis is Art. 6 f) GDPR with Art. 9 para. 2 e) GDPR. In this case, the legitimate interest is to receive a short profile from you, which you have obviously made public within the meaning of Art. 9 para. 2 e) GDPR. If consent is required for processing (e.g. inclusion in our talent pool), Art. 7 GDPR is the legal basis. Furthermore, we may process personal data about you to the extent necessary to defend against legal claims asserted against us in the application process. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 b) and f) GDPR. If there is an employment contract between you and us, we can further process the personal data you have already received for the purposes of the employment relationship in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 b) GDPR. This takes place if this is necessary for the performance or termination of the employment contract or for the exercise or fulfilment of the rights and obligations of the representation of the interests of the employees resulting from a law or a collective agreement, a works agreement or a service agreement.We may transfer your personal data to affiliated companies to the extent permitted by the purposes and legal bases set out above. In addition, personal data may be processed on our behalf on the basis of contracts pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR, in particular by providers of systems for applicant management and applicant selection procedures. During implementation, personal data may also be processed by service providers outside the EU with EU-standard-contractual-clauses have been concluded. Personal data is also passed on to authorities and/or law enforcement authorities if this is necessary for the above-mentioned purposes, if this is prescribed by law or if this is necessary to protect our legitimate interests in accordance with the applicable laws. You can request information about the personal data stored about you at the above addresses. In addition, under certain circumstances you may request that your data be corrected or deleted. You may also have a right to limit the processing of your data and a right to have the data provided by you disclosed.If we process your data for safeguarding legitimate interests, you may object to this processing for reasons arising from your particular situation. We will then no longer process your personal data unless we can prove compelling reasons for processing worthy of protection which outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or the processing serves the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims. If we have asked you for your consent, you can revoke it at any time. If you wish to revoke your consent to the processing of your personal data, this has no effect on any processing that has already taken place. You have the possibility to lodge a complaint with the aforementioned data protection officer or an data protection authority.We will store your personal information only for the duration of the retention period for application data for 6 months or as long as we need it for the legitimate interest of us under applicable law, unless you give us permission to use your records for other positions that become available. If data storage is no longer required after the above, the data will be deleted. If you accept employment with us, we will store your personal information for the entire duration of your employment in accordance with the Employee Privacy Policy, which we will provide to you upon acceptance of employment. If we transfer personal data to service providers or group companies outside the European Economic Area (EEA), the transfer will only take place on the basis of EU standard contract clauses. In principle, the provision of your personal data as part of the application process is voluntary. However, the provision of personal data is necessary for processing your application or concluding a contract of employment with us.This means that if you do not provide us with any personal data in an application, we cannot enter into an employment relationship with you.
Olha eu aqui
This site uses profiling cookies, including from third parties, to provide services and offer you advertising in line with your preferences. If you want to learn more or deny consent to all or some cookies click here. By closing this banner, scrolling this page or clicking any of its elements, you consent to the use of cookies.