http://polarissupreme.com/privacypolicy.php
Schedule Reports Photos & Videos The Boat Gear & Tackle Links Contact Us
(619) 390-7890
Limited Load Long Range Sportfishing
Join Our Email Lists!
Long Range Loop
Bluefin Alert
Privacy Online
Our web site is a great way for current and potential customers to find out more about Polaris Supreme Sportfishing and the fishing adventures and services we offer! Rest assured that when you visit our site we will not try to gather any personally identifiable information from you without you knowing it. The following summarizes the extent to which we gather and use information obtained through our web site:
Cookies. A "cookie" is a small piece of information that our web site may provide to your browser while you are visiting. Most browsers are defaulted to accept and maintain cookies. Our sites create a temporary cookie which allows you to view some of our content. When you close your browser, this cookie is automatically deleted from your system.
Statistical Domain and Access Data. Please note that when you visit our web site, no personally identifiable information about you, such as your e-mail address, will be automatically collected by us. In fact, unless you choose otherwise, the only information we may collect from your visits is some information regarding the domain from which you are connecting to our web site, (i.e., msn.com if you are connecting from Microsoft Network, or aol.com if you are connecting from America Online) and the pages you view while on our site. This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals.
"Contact Us" In some cases, you may actually choose to provide us with your e-mail address or other personal information such as your address or phone number. Likewise, if you send us an e-mail for any reason, you are by default providing us with an e-mail address and any information contained in that e-mail.
Protecting our (future fishermen) children. We do not knowingly solicit data from children, and we do not knowingly market to children. We recognize that protecting children's identities and privacy online is important and that the responsibility to do so rests with the online industry in conjunction with stringent parental controls. Further, all content maintained at www.polarissupreme.com is suitable for all viewers.
Protecting Customer Information In General. Any information collected is maintained in a secure environment.
Collection, Use and Retention of Customer Information. In the course of doing business, we collect and use various types of information, including information provided by customers. We only use this information for purposes of maintaining contact with you on matters relevant to you and / or your fishing trips.
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
Polaris Supreme Sportfishing
12190 Rockstream Road
Lakeside, CA 92040
619-390-7890
(619) 390-7890
Polaris Supreme
12190 Rockstream Road
Lakeside, CA 92040
Privacy Policy
office@polarissupreme.com
Custom Programming and Design by TECK.net Inc©
All Rights Reserved.
Fish Report publishing service by LongRangeSportFishing.net©
All Rights Reserved.
Booking Software provided by Fishing Reservations LLC©
All Rights Reserved.