https://pottery-english.com/anti-spam-policy/
Home
Go to ...Home Go to ...HomeArticlesFamous PottersPottery MarksPottery Marks By ShapeRecommended Reading For ResearchUseful Guides
Home
Articles
Famous Potters
Pottery Marks
Pottery Marks By Shape
Recommended Reading For Research
Useful Guides
SectionsHome
Articles
Famous Potters
Pottery Marks
Pottery Marks By Shape
Recommended Reading For Research
Useful Guides
Pottery MarksPorcelain Marks and BackstampsPottery marks and porcelain marks are like silver hallmarks – …Earthenware And Stoneware Pottery Marks part2Delph, Spode pottery marks Charles James Mason and Co. Lane …Wedgwood China MarksWedgwood China Patterns Josiah Wedgwood and Sons Ltd. Burslem c1759, …Anchor Shaped Pottery MarksAnchor shaped pottery marks. Find and identify your anchor shaped …Staffordshire Pottery MarksStaffordshire Pottery Identification Using Backstamps The name of the pottery …Popular PostsClarice Cliff Part 3The Life of Clarice Cliff Part 3 In spring 1927 …The Rhead FamilySeveral generations of the Rhead family used their artistic talents …Anchor Shaped Pottery MarksAnchor shaped pottery marks. Find and identify your anchor shaped …Josiah WedgwoodJosiah Wedgwood was born in 1730 and began his career …Clarice Cliff Part 2No one could have predicted Clarice Cliff’s rise to become …
Anti Spam Policy
The owner of this website does not authorize the harvesting, mining or collection of e-mail addresses or other information from or through the website or its services.
The owner of this website does not permit or authorize others to use his services to collect, compile or obtain any information about its customers or subscribers, including but not limited to subscriber e-mail addresses. The owner of this website does not permit or authorize any attempt to use its services in a manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair any aspect of any of the services, or that could interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of any the owner service.
If the owner of this website believes that unauthorized or improper use is being made of any service, it may, without notice, take such action as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including blocking messages from a particular internet domain, mail server or IP address. The owner of this website may immediately terminate any account on any service which it determines, in its sole discretion, is transmitting or is otherwise connected with any e-mail that violates this policy.
Nothing in this policy is intended to grant any right to transmit or send e-mail to, or through, this website and/or services. Failure to enforce this policy in every instance does not amount to a waiver of rights of the owner of this website.
Unauthorized use of this website services in connection with the transmission of unsolicited e-mail, including the transmission of e-mail in violation of this policy, may result in civil, criminal, or administrative penalties against the sender and those assisting the sender.
Violators of the CAN SPAM Act may be subject to “cease and desist” orders or penalties from the FTC (Federal Trade Commission) of up to $11,000 per violation. Criminal prosecution is also possible in the case of egregious offenders, which can result in penalties such as fines, forfeiture of proceeds and equipment. The worst offenders can also be subject to prison time.
Our Site
Amazon Affiliate Disclaimer
Anti Spam Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Welcome to Pottery-English
Pressure Washer Reviews
Insulin Cooler
Tag cloud
Cecily Stella Wedgwood
Walter Robert Minkin
Thomas Byerley
English China Pottery Marks
William Greatbatch
Delftware Identification
Toby Jug John Peel
Toby Jug Doncaster
William Wood
Clarice Cliff
Toby Jug
Frederick Hurten Rhead
English China Pottery
Toby Jug Makers Marks
Charlotte (Lottie) Rhead
Norman Wilson
Artificial Porcelain Flowers
English Delftware Drug Jars
Spode Delftware
George Woolliscroft Rhead
Delftware English
John Edward Goodwin
Frederick Alfred Rhead
Faience Jug
Emile Aubert Lessore
Thomas Allen
Fanny Woolliscroft Rhead
Toby Jug History
Alfred Hoare Powell
Adolphine (Dollie) Rhead
Harry Woolliscroft Rhead
Newport Pottery
Toby Jug Collectors
Millicent Jane Taplin
Arnold Machin
Delftware Collection
Keith Day Pearce Murray
Artificial Porcelain
Royal Delftware
Delftware Antiques
Louis John Rhead
Delftware Images
English Delftware Marks
Delftware Symbols
Colley Shorter
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes
Copyright © 2020
Pottery Marks | Famous Potters