https://pottery-english.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
Go to ...Home Go to ...HomeArticlesFamous PottersPottery MarksPottery Marks By ShapeRecommended Reading For ResearchUseful Guides
Home
Articles
Famous Potters
Pottery Marks
Pottery Marks By Shape
Recommended Reading For Research
Useful Guides
SectionsHome
Articles
Famous Potters
Pottery Marks
Pottery Marks By Shape
Recommended Reading For Research
Useful Guides
Pottery MarksPorcelain Marks and BackstampsPottery marks and porcelain marks are like silver hallmarks – …Recommended ReadingIf you are researching English pottery or English pottery marks …Anchor Shaped Pottery MarksAnchor shaped pottery marks. Find and identify your anchor shaped …Earthenware And Stoneware Pottery MarksDavenport Longport c1793 – 1887 1 and 2. Name impressed, …Wedgwood China MarksWedgwood China Patterns Josiah Wedgwood and Sons Ltd. Burslem c1759, …Popular PostsJosiah WedgwoodJosiah Wedgwood was born in 1730 and began his career …Recommended ReadingIf you are researching English pottery or English pottery marks …Clarice Cliff Part 2No one could have predicted Clarice Cliff’s rise to become …Key Figures in Wedgwood HistoryWilliam Greatbatch (1735 – 1813) It is generally claimed that …The Care Of Pottery And China  Fine pottery is valuable and enjoyable, and it could …
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document is designed to advise you about how we collect, use, and protect the Personally Identifiable Information (hereinafter defined) that you provide to us through our website. By visiting this website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
1.) INFORMATION WE GATHERS AND TRACKS
(a) Log Files
Like many other Web sites, our site makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
(b) Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
(c) ADVERTISING PARTNERS – Visitor Information and Cookies:
This website may accept forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.
The compensation received may influence the advertising content, topics or posts made in this website. That content, advertising space or post may not always be identified as paid or sponsored content.
The owner(s) of this website may be compensated to provide opinions on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this website receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this website are purely the author. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
2.) USE OF INFORMATION
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in, but not limited to, the following ways:
– To personalize your experience
– To improve our website
(a) Identification of Purchasers
If you purchase one of our products or services, you authorize us to use your name and identification information in advertising or promotions.
We may use personal information in an aggregate form (i.e., not individually attributable to you) for business analysis, operational, marketing and other promotional purposes.
You are also agreeing to receive information about the product or service you purchased. This may include, but is not limited to, information about product or service updates, new features, or information we believe you may find interesting.
3.) HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. We will not sell, provide, or transfer you email address to others.
4.) CHILDREN PRIVACY PROTECTION
This website does not provide services or sell products to children under the age of 18.
If we discover we have received any information from a child under the age of 18 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe we have received any information from or about anyone under the age of 18, please contact us at the address listed below.
5.) THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
6) POLICY CHANGES
These policies may be amended by us at any time and without notice, but will be posted at this page. You agree that your continued use of our websites, product or service after that date will constitute your consent and acceptance of the amendment.
7.) CONTACT INFORMATION
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at the following e-mail address: admin@lilipadstudioshop.com
Our Site
Amazon Affiliate Disclaimer
Anti Spam Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Welcome to Pottery-English
Pressure Washer Reviews
Insulin Cooler
Tag cloud
Newport Pottery
Delftware Symbols
English China Pottery
Keith Day Pearce Murray
Toby Jug John Peel
Artificial Porcelain
Spode Delftware
Walter Robert Minkin
Toby Jug Collectors
Faience Jug
Alfred Hoare Powell
Thomas Byerley
Fanny Woolliscroft Rhead
Norman Wilson
Arnold Machin
Charlotte (Lottie) Rhead
English China Pottery Marks
Artificial Porcelain Flowers
Millicent Jane Taplin
Cecily Stella Wedgwood
Delftware Collection
William Wood
Emile Aubert Lessore
Delftware Antiques
Louis John Rhead
John Edward Goodwin
George Woolliscroft Rhead
Toby Jug Makers Marks
English Delftware Drug Jars
Delftware Identification
Delftware Images
Frederick Alfred Rhead
Thomas Allen
Delftware English
Toby Jug
Clarice Cliff
Royal Delftware
Colley Shorter
William Greatbatch
Harry Woolliscroft Rhead
Toby Jug History
Toby Jug Doncaster
Frederick Hurten Rhead
English Delftware Marks
Adolphine (Dollie) Rhead
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes
Copyright © 2020
Pottery Marks | Famous Potters