https://precisionbullets.com/terms-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Precision Bullets 33112 CR 2142 Kemp, Texas 75143903.498.8451Facebook page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new windowMail page opens in new window
SHOP NOW! LOADING BENCH ABOUT US CONTACT MY ACCOUNT
Terms & Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
All of us at Precision Bullets LLC® and Long Manufacturing Inc.® are committed to respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information.
We maintain the data that you provide us, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database.
Using Information We Collect: Our goal at Precision Bullets LLC® and Long Manufacturing Inc.® is to provide you with the best possible service and products. At no time will we make our mailing list available to any third parties.
We will only use email addresses for in-house promotions and specials.
If at any time you would like your email address removed from our list please contact us at Bullet@PrecisionBullets.com and we will remove your address ASAP.
To update your customer information (name, address, telephone number and email address), please contact us at Bullet@PrecisionBullets.com. To protect your privacy, we will need to validate your identity before you update or review your information.
Security:
It is our intent to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you. We use a variety of current technologies and processes for protection of our customer data. We limit the information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities.
Please contact us with any questions or concerns you may have.
Disclaimer:
Precision Bullets LLC® and Long Manufacturing Inc.® expressly disclaim any and all warranties with respect to any and all products sold or distributed by them, the safety or suitability thereof, or the results obtained including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose and/or any other warranty. Buyers and users assume all risk, responsibility and liability whatsoever for any and all injuries (including death), losses or damages to persons or property (including consequential damages), arising from the use of any product or data, whether or not occasioned by seller’s negligence or based on strict liability or principles of indemnity or contribution. Precision Bullets LLC® and Long Manufacturing Inc.®  neither assume nor authorize any person to assume for it any liability in connection with the use of any product or data.
LOADING BENCH TIPSQuick Start GuideOctober 20, 2019The Hammer TestAugust 3, 2019Precision Bullets and PCCAugust 3, 2019Bullet CrimpingAugust 3, 2019Any questions? Contact us!Name *
E-mail *
Message
Submit
Go to Top