https://privacy.gliderpilot.net
Friday 11th December
Privacy Notice
Home
About gliderpilot.net
Classified Adverts
Discussion Groups
u.r.a.s
u.r.a.s.b
r.a.s
My gliderpilot.net
Register
Lost Password
Help & Support
FAQ
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Privacy Notice
Please refer to the full terms and conditions of Glider Pilot Network in conjunction with the Privacy Notice.
Responsibility for your information
Glider Pilot Network is operated by AK Web Solutions Ltd. of which I (Andrew Kirkland) am the sole owner and operator.
I am the nominated data controller for Glider Pilot Network and can be contacted by email at webmaster@gliderpilot.net.
AK Web Solutions Ltd. is registered with the Information Commissioners Office.
Securing your information
Glider Pilot Network holds several items of personal data about you in your account details including your name and email address.
All identifying data is held in an encrypted database and, on top of that, certain items are encrypted again as a extra layer of defence.
In the highly unlikely event of a data breach then you will be informed as soon as possible as to the nature of the breach and I will inform the regulator.
Using your information
The personal information that you provide to Glider Pilot Network is used solely for the operation of your Glider Pilot Network account and is not used for any other purposes or shared with other parties.
Your data will be stored as a backup on third party services but is encrypted and is not viewable by the third parties.
Your privacy
Your information on Glider Pilot Network is accessible only by you.
There are no functions whereby another Glider Pilot Network user or other third party can see or make use of any of your personal data.
Requesting your information
You can request to see all the information that Glider Pilot Network holds about you by submitting a request via the Contact page on the Glider Pilot Network site.
I will provide you with all personal data held within 30 days of the request.
Correcting your information
You have the right to request that any incorrect or out of date information be corrected.
Stopping your information being processed
You have the right to request that your personal information is no longer processed.
Requesting this will mean that your account will no longer work but the data will still be present unless it is requested to be deleted.
Deleting your information
If you wish, you can request for all your personal data to be removed from Glider Pilot Network although this will cause your account to be closed and any archived information deleted.
Receiving news and offers by email
You have the right to opt in or out of receiving offers and newsletters by email at any time by accessing the My Profile section.
© 1998 -
2020 Glider Pilot Network
Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
Glider Pilot Network and gliderpilot.net are trading names of AK Web Solutions Ltd.
Registered company number 08242692