https://privacy.keypublishing.com/
Key Publishing Group GDPR and CCPA Privacy Notice
At Key Publishing, we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This General Notice explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. We have additional Privacy Policies for other processes or activities within our business. These can be accessed through the table of contents on this Notice.
We may change this Notice from time to time, so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Any questions regarding this Notice and our privacy practices should be sent by email to datacompliance@keypublishing.com or by writing to:
Key Publishing LtdPO BOX 100StamfordPE9 1XQUK
Alternatively, you can telephone +44 (0) 1780 755131
Who are we?
We are Key Publishing Group. The group includes:
UK – Key Publishing LtdSpain – Key Publishing Spain
Key Publishing Group has been publishing magazines and media for over 30 years and is now firmly established as the world’s leading publisher of aviation, transport and specialist leisure titles.
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us about roles or make enquiries about our services or if you register to receive one of our newsletters.
This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our website, subscribing to any service we provide or requesting further services.
We may also ask you for information if you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us, sign up to an event, or if you report a problem with our website.
We also collect information you provide to us by other means (including, for example, by telephone, fax, post or email) including:
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them
Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, business name, address, email address, IP address and telephone numbers.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
Carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us
To ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
To keep you informed about changes to our services
To let you know about events you may be interested in attending
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally obliged to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations. We will hold your personal details for as long as necessary for the relevant activity.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes without your explicit consent
We may transfer your personal information to a third party (or clients) as part of our contractual obligations such as a mailing house so that the subscription copies of your magazine can be delivered. However, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected
We may disclose your information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation, or to enforce or apply our website terms of use, any of our terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Key Publishing Group, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Lawfulness of Processing
We are required to inform you on what lawful bases we are obtaining and processing your personal data. In general, this will be Legitimate Interests. Where this differs is documented in the specific Privacy Notice for that process.
Marketing Information
We use your personal information to update you about new products, services and events. We will only contact you with your consent. You will provide this either when you fill in a form to provide your data, by signing up for a newsletter, selecting your preferences in your online account or when you call us. We may personalise the message content based on information you provide us with, purchases you make and your use of our websites.
You are entitled to withhold this consent and opt out from receiving such communications at any time, by not giving your consent on the form that collects your details or telling the operator when you call. You can also update these options by unsubscribing, adjusting your preferences, or contacting us by email at enquiries@keypublishing.com or by post at:
Key Publishing LtdPO BOX 100StamfordPE9 1XQUK
How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. We are working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information we hold about you. If you have an online account, you can update your details in the ‘my account’ section on the online shop. Otherwise, if you change your email address or any other information we hold about you is inaccurate or not up to date, please email us at enquiries@keypublishing.com, or write to us at:
Key Publishing LtdPO BOX 100StamfordPE9 1XQUK
Alternatively, you can telephone on +44 (0) 1780 480404
Your Rights
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information Key Publishing Group hold about you.
Require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations.
You can request this information by contacting the Compliance Officer at the address above, by email to: datacompliance@keypublishing.com or by telephone on +44 (0) 1780 755131.
Your CCPA Rights
In addition to the general rights set out under this Privacy Policy, if you are a resident of California, Californian law means you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to:
Request information, including a list of the categories of Personal Information (e.g. name, email, and mailing address, and the type of services provided to the customer that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third-parties’ direct marketing purposes, from businesses with whom you have an established business relationship, & the names and addresses of all such third parties.
Portability of such information and receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations.
We do not sell your data to third parties, and the categories of information that we collect are listed above in this policy, but for any queries or other requests please email datacompliance@keypublishing.com
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy Notice applies only to our website, so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you are linked to our website from a third-party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third-party site and recommend that you check the Notice of that third-party site.
Review of this Notice
We keep this Notice under review. This Notice was last updated in August 2020
Links to Process Specific Privacy Notices
Employee Privacy Notice
Recruitment Privacy Notice
Event Privacy Notice
CCTV Privacy Notice
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
CookieTypeDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary011 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-non-necessary011 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Non-necessary".viewed_cookie_policy01 hourThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Save & Accept