https://projectchildsafe.org/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
A PROGRAM OF THE NATIONAL SHOOTING SPORTS FOUNDATION
Top Nav
Parents & Gun Owners
Law Enforcement
Partner Organizations
Educators
WELCOME TO THE NATIONAL SHOOTING SPORTS FOUNDATION® (“NSSF®“)!
This Terms of Use Statement governs all NSSF supported Web sites, including:
www.nssf.org (and .com)
www.dontlie.org
www.familiesafield.org (and .com)
www.firstshots.org
www.huntandshoot.org
www.huntinfo.org
www.nafr.org
www.projectchildsafe.org (and .com)
www.rangeinfo.org
www.stepoutside.org
www.takemehuntingandshooting.com
www.wheretohunt.org
www.wheretoshoot.org
www.wingshootingusa.org (and .com)
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE STATEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING NSSF SUPPORTED WEB SITES. By accessing NSSF supported Web sites, online visitors acknowledge that they have read and agree to be bound by this Terms of Use Statement in addition to any supplemental terms and conditions of use statements applicable to the specific service being accessed on NSSF supported Web sites, our Privacy Statement and all applicable local, state, United States and international laws and regulations. If visitors do not agree to these conditions, they should not use NSSF supported Web Sites. The NSSF reserves the right to change, add, remove or otherwise modify portions of this Terms of Use Statement at any time without notice. Visitors should check this page frequently for changes. The continued use of NSSF supported Web Sites following the posting of any changes to this Terms of Use Statement means visitors accept those changes.
Description of Services
NSSF supported Web sites currently provide users with access to a host of online resources and services, including various communications and news, blogs, forums, bulletin boards and branded programming. Any new features that augment or enhance NSSF supported Web sites, including the release of new NSSF resources and services, are subject to this Terms of Use Statement. In some instances, this Terms of Use Statement and separate terms and conditions will apply.F Sites.
Ownership and Usage Restrictions
All content and materials contained on NSSF supported Web sites is owned or licensed by or to the NSSF or its affiliates or used by NSSF or its affiliates as permitted by law, and is protected by United States and international copyright and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights. The compilation of content on NSSF supported Web sites (meaning the collection, arrangement, assembly and general “look and feel” of NSSF supported Web sites) is the exclusive property of NSSF and is likewise protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, and other laws.
All trade names, trademarks and service marks, including, without limitation, all text, graphics, images, logos and any combination thereof (collectively “Marks”) are trademarks or registered trademarks of and proprietary to NSSF and its affiliates or other third parties that have granted NSSF supported Web sites the right to use such Marks, or the use of which is permitted by law. Nothing on NSSF supported Web sites shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right to use any Marks displayed on NSSF supported Web sites without the prior written consent of the trademark owner.
NSSF supported Web sites are maintained solely for the enjoyment, education and communication purposes of online visitors. Use of NSSF supported Web Sites is subject to all applicable local, state, United States and international laws and regulations. Online visitors agree not to use NSSF supported Web sites or any content or materials therein to engage in or assist or encourage others to engage in (i) conduct which is illegal, harmful, harassing, offensive or otherwise inappropriate; (ii) conduct which conflicts with the purposes for which NSSF supported Web sites have been created; or (iii) conduct which is in violation of this Terms of Use Statement or the terms and conditions applicable to the specific service being accessed on NSSF supported Web sites (if any).
Online visitors may access and browse NSSF supported Web sites whenever they wish subject to Terms of Use Statement. Online visitors may download, distribute, publish, post on other Web sites or otherwise use any content or materials displayed on NSSF supported Web sites provided 1) content and materials are used or re-transmitted in their entirety, 2) copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein remain intact, including the source of the content or materials, and 3) no fee is charged. Separate permission may need to be obtained from third parties for use of their content. Any use, copying or distribution of any content or materials not expressly authorized by this paragraph may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Users posting materials and content on NSSF supported Web sites that permit such postings are responsible for the materials and content posted. Neither NSSF nor it affiliates endorse or have control over the content users post, including, without limitations, messages, uploaded files, posted data, or any other materials or communications, and shall not be responsible whatsoever in connection with, or arising from such user submissions, or materials or information of third parties that may be found on NSSF supported Web sites or accessed through NSSF supported Web sites. Users acknowledge that NSSF or affiliates may not pre-screen submissions posted on or transmitted through NSSF supported Web sites and are not obligated or responsible for verifying the accuracy, reliability or appropriateness of user postings. However, NSSF and its affiliates may, in their sole discretion, refuse to post, store or transmit any user submissions or move, remove, edit or modify any submissions for any reason at any time.
User postings remain the intellectual property of the individual posting such submission. By posting submissions on an NSSF website, users expressly grant NSSF a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, no compensation required, fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, perform and display such content and users names and likenesses as may be contained in their submissions, in whole or in part, and in any form throughout the world in any media or technology, whether now known or hereafter discovered, including all promotion, advertising, marketing, publicity and any other ancillary uses thereof, and including the unfettered right to sublicense such rights, in perpetuity throughout the universe. Users release and hold harmless NSSF and its affiliates from all claims, including claims relating to rights to privacy and/or publicity, with respect to the use of any submissions by NSSF, its affiliates or other third parties.
Users agree that any submissions they submit: (i) will not be fraudulent or intentionally misleading or inaccurate; (ii) will not be unlawful, defamatory, threatening, harassing, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent including any communication that constitutes (or encourages conduct that would constitute) a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability or otherwise violates any local, state, national or international law; (iii) will not infringe or otherwise violate the copyright, trade secret, trademark or other intellectual property rights or rights of privacy or publicity of any other person; (iv) will not be intentionally malicious or derogatory toward NSSF or its affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives, advertisers, licensors or business partners; (v) will not be for commercial purposes or contain any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters or pyramid schemes; and (vi) will not contain any virus, worm, or other program or method that is intended to damage, interfere with or intercept, misappropriate or gain control over any computer, system, data or personal information.
Promotions
NSSF supported Web sites may contain or offer sweepstakes, contests or other promotions, which may be governed by separate rules that describe the sweepstakes, contest or promotion, and may have eligibility requirements and other restrictions. It is your responsibility to read and abide by those rules.
Third Party Web Sites
As a convenience to online visitors, NSSF supported Web sites may provide links to Web sites operated by nonaffiliated third parties. Such linked sites are not controlled by the NSSF or its affiliates. If visitors choose to use these sites, they will leave NSSF supported Web sites and it is their responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. Third party sites may offer goods, services and other materials to you. Your correspondence and business dealings with third parties including, without limitation, the payment and delivery of products and services, and any terms, conditions, warranties and representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and those parties. Neither NSSF nor any of its affiliates will be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or the offering of such products, services, and other content on third party Web sites, or does NSSF or its affiliates make any warranty or representation regarding, and do not endorse, any linked Web sites or the content, privacy policies, data security measures, or other links contained on such Web pages or any of the products or services described therein.
External Links to NSSF Web Sites
All nonaffiliated third party links to NSSF supported Web sites must be in accordance with NSSF’s Linking Policy.
Disclaimer
THE CONTENT AND MATERIALS ON NSSF SUPPORTED WEB SITES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE NSSF AND ITS AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, MERCHANTIBILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR COMPLIANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATUTE, RULE OR REGULATION OF ANY CONTENT OR MATERIALS CONTAINED HEREIN. THE NSSF AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT OR MATERIALS ON ANY NSSF SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT ANY NSSF SUPPORTED WEB SITES OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE SUCH CONTENT OR MATERIALS AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE NSSF AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE CONTENT OR MATERIALS ON ANY NSSF SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
Jurisdictional Issues
Unless otherwise specified, the information and materials on NSSF supported Web sites are presented solely for the purpose of promoting, protecting and preserving hunting and the shooting sports and reaffirming the safe and responsible enjoyment of firearms and ammunition products. Neither the NSSF nor its affiliates make any representation that information or materials on NSSF supported Web sites are appropriate or available for use in any particular location. Visitors who choose to access NSSF supported Web sites do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all applicable jurisdictional laws.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances shall NSSF or any of its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages (including lost profits) that arise out of or in connection with any failure of performance, errors, inaccuracies, omissions, defects, interruption, deletion, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of any content or materials on NSSF supported Web sites, or the use or inability to use NSSF supported Web sites or any content or materials therein.
Indemnification
Each visitor to NSSF supported Web sites agrees to defend, indemnify and hold the NSSF and its affiliates, and each of their respective current and former directors, officers, employees, and other representatives harmless from and against any claims, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, liabilities, damages, losses, judgments and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees and costs) made against NSSF or its affiliates due to or arising out of or in connection with his or her misuse of NSSF supported Web sites or any violation of this Terms of Use Statement. Each visitor shall cooperate with NSSF and its affiliates in the defense of any claim.
Choice of Law
All disputes arising from the use of NSSF supported Web sites or relating to this Terms of Use Statement shall be construed and governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law thereunder that would require or permit the application of any other laws.
Disputes
All disputes arising from the use of NSSF supported Web sites or relating to this Terms of Use Statement shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court located in the State of Connecticut, of NSSF’s or of its affiliates’ sole choosing, the jurisdiction of which each user expressly and irrevocably gives his or her consent.
This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters contained herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by the NSSF or its affiliates.
Contact Us
If you have any comments or questions about this Terms of Use Statement, please contact:
Webmaster
National Shooting Sports Foundation, Inc.
11 Mile Hill Road
Newtown, Connecticut 06470-2539
(203) 426-1320
webmaster@nssf.org
LAST REVISED: November 18, 2009
© 2013 National Shooting Sports Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved.