https://pswsfa.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle search form
Toggle navigation
Peninsula Salt Water Sport Fisherman's Association
HOME
ABOUT
MEMBERSHIP
MEMBERSHIP FORM
MEETINGS
HISTORY
FISHING NEWS
CHUMLINE
FISHING TIPS
FLOUNDER
CATCH A DOORMAT
FLOUNDER ON WIRELINE
FLOUNDER ON STRUCTURE
DRUM
BLACK DRUM
RED DRUM
BULL REDS
AMBERJACK
JACK ATTACK
BIG JACK
COBIA
CHESAPEAKE COBIA
STRIPERS
TROPHY STRIPERS
CHILLY STRIPERS
SLIP’EM AN ELL
STRIPER OUTLINE
SPADEFISH
TAUTOG
OFFSHORE FISHING
TOURNAMENTS
ANNUAL TOURNAMENTS
MONTHLY TOURNAMENTS
COBIA BOWL
2016 RESULTS
SPONSORS
Privacy Policy
Updated 1/18/2020
Who we are
Peninsula Salt Water Sport Fisherman’s Association (Club). Our website address is: https://pswsfa.com.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Blog and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Blog. By using the Blog, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Protecting your privacy.  What to expect when visiting our website.
The basics
We are committed to the privacy of our visitors. We collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. Here is how we handle information about your visit to Peninsula Salt Water Sport Fisherman’s Association: If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store information such as the following concerning your visit:
Your IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website.
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to our website from another website, the address of that website.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors — to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use.
Information protection
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. If such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials.
Information that you voluntarily provide
We do not collect personally-identifiable information unless you choose to provide it to us. If you provide us with personally identifiable information (e.g., by sending an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it through our website), we use that information only to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the information and services that you request. Submitting voluntary information constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the stated purpose. When users click the “Submit” button on any of the Web forms found on our site, they are indicating voluntary consent to use of the information they submit for the stated purpose. We do not collect or use information for commercial marketing.
How information is used
The information we collect is used for a variety of purposes. We make every effort to disclose clearly how information is used at the point where it is collected, so that our users can determine for themselves whether they wish to provide the information.
Sharing of your information
Before you submit personally identifiable information, such as on an online form, you will be advised as to the purpose and how the information will be used.
Retaining information
We destroy the information we collect when the purpose for which it was provided has been completed.
Links to other sites
This site may have links to the websites. Once you go to a site other than ours, you are subject to the privacy and security policies of the new site. It is always a good idea to read the privacy policy of any website that you visit. Peninsula Salt Water Sport Fisherman’s Association does not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness or completeness of information contained in a linked site. We also do not endorse the organizations or individuals maintaining sites that we link to, any views they express or any products/services they offer.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small bits of text that are either used for the duration of a session (session cookies) or saved on a user’s hard drive in order to identify that user or information about that user the next time she/he logs onto a website (persistent cookies). This website does not use persistent tracking technology. One or more of our component sites may use session cookies to provide streamlined navigation.
Our Policy on “Do Not Track” Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Interaction with children
This website may offer educational content to children under 13 years old. No personally identifiable information is collected from them unless it is voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services. The information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users.
Third-party social media tools
Peninsula Salt Water Sport Fisherman’s Association maintains official pages or accounts on third-party websites in order to better engage with the American public and promote awareness of our activities, events, news and information (Note: A basic list of these tools is highlighted below.
Your activity on these third-party sites is governed by the security and privacy policies of the third-party sites. Users of third-party sites are often sharing information with the general public, user community and/or the third-party operating the third-party site. You should review the privacy policies of third-party sites before using them to ensure that you understand how your information may be used. You should also adjust privacy settings on your account on any third-party site to match your preferences. These sites include, Facebook, Youtube:
Facebook is a social networking website where users can connect and interact with other people. Peninsula Salt Water Sport Fisherman’s Association Facebook Page features new content every workday to keep you up-to-date on Peninsula Salt Water Sport Fisherman’s Association news and information. Please note that you are subject to Facebook’s privacy policy when visiting our Facebook page. In addition, users may post comments on the  Peninsula Salt Water Sport Fisherman’s Association Facebook page.
YouTube is a video-sharing service. Please note that you are subject to YouTube’s privacy policy when visiting our YouTube page.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Blog, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: webmaster@vbsf.net
Cookie Policy
This site uses WordPress cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, WordPress cookies are used to retain user preferences. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and …
Privacy Policy
Made with
by Graphene Themes.
This site uses WordPress cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks