https://quadywinery.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Quady Winery takes pride in producing exceptional wines and providing excellent customer service. We want to make your experience with us as enjoyable and rewarding as possible. Part of achieving this goal involves gathering and working with various forms of personal information.
Your privacy is very important to us and we are committed to maintaining your privacy when you communicate with us via the internet, by telephone, mail or otherwise. We have created this Privacy Policy to inform you of the care with which we intend to treat your personal information.
We want you to use the internet’s vast array of information, tools, and opportunities with complete confidence. Any information which is voluntarily provided to us through our web site is kept confidential and secure and is treated with the same consideration and confidentiality as any information sent to us by the US mail or communicated to us by telephone or fax.
Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address and an email address or other contact information, whether at work or at home.
Note that to the extent any portions of the following Privacy Policy are inconsistent with applicable law or regulations, or to the extent you provide your express consent for uses not specifically described below, then such laws or regulations, or your express consent, will govern our use of your personally identifiable information.
General Information Collection
You may choose whether or not to provide personal information to us. We will not collect personal information about you, unless you provide us that information voluntarily.  We will not request or collect especially sensitive personally identifiable information, such as religious preferences, racial or ethnic background or other similar forms of data.
If you voluntarily provide personal information to us, we will not sell, license or transmit that information, unless we do so in accordance with this privacy policy or the express authorization you have given us. We will disclose information in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and will require the recipient to protect the information and use it only for the purpose provided.
If you choose not to provide us with personal information, you can still access limited services and visit most of our web site, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services that involve our interaction with you.
We may request personal information about you from you or your representative on application or order forms, through requests for information or services, or in order to deliver requested materials to you, respond to your questions, or deliver a product or service.
For example, the following personal information is required when joining our wine clubs or placing an order with us online or via the telephone.
First and Last Name
Billing Address
Shipping Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Credit card information (account number, security code, and expiration date)
Verification of being over 21 years of age
Any personal messages you include when purchasing as a gift
If you join our mailing list, you may provide us with your name, email address and state of residence. The information is utilized so that we may inform you of news, special offers and events.
Other forms of information or data collected
If you use our web site, we may collect non-personally identifiable information about your use of the site such as IP addresses, domains, service providers, device type, operating system, browser and version, language settings, geographical region, and click through statistics.  This is achieved by the use of cookies.
A cookie is a very small text file placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies cannot be executed as malicious code or deliver viruses. Most browsers have the ability to handle cookies with three options; allow, notify the user, or decline. Most browsers are initially set to automatically accept them by default. You can set your browser to notify you when you have received a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it. You also have the option to reject our cookies and still use the site, but you may not be able to access or use some of the features we offer on the site such as placing an order online. If you do not wish to enable cookies but would like to order wine, please call (800)733-8068.
We may use either session ID cookies and/or persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once a user closes the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on a user’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies are used to remember some of the information you’ve given us so you don’t have to reenter it each time you visit the site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following the directions in your browsers help section.
By showing how and when you use our site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. We then aggregate this information with other pieces of information to improve and update our site to make your experience on our site as valuable and efficient as possible. Cookies also allow us to store the personal preferences that you set during each visit to our site, which in turn allows us to speed up your future activities at our site.
Security
We are committed to protecting the information we receive from you. Wherever your personal information may be held within Quady Winery or on its behalf, we follow reasonable technical, organizational, and management practices to protect the confidentiality and security of personal information that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure.
Quady Winery urges all internet users to take responsible and appropriate steps to safeguard their personal information to help protect their privacy while on the internet.  While no computer system is completely secure and no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure, we believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. Although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we cannot promise or guarantee, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or communications with us will always remain private. For example, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the site or your PC by unauthorized third parties that may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.
Our online store uses encryption technology to keep your personal information safe. All of your ordering information including your name, address, and credit card information is encrypted using a secure server. The server encrypts the data using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your PC to our servers. Your credit card and billing information cannot be read once encrypted as it travels to our ordering system.
Credit card transactions are securely handled by Nexternal, Quady Winery, and Sage Payments.  Each entity is PCI DSS compliant. In addition, only those employees and third parties who need access to your information in order to perform their duties are allowed such access.
Qaudy Winery – PCI DSS certificate
Online Shopping Cart- Nexternal- www.nexternal.com
https://secure.trust-guard.com/security/8623
Credit Card Processing – Sage Payments- http://na.sage.com/sage-payment-solutions
http://na.sage.com/sage-payment-solutions/compliance/pci-dss-merchant-documentation
If you feel more comfortable doing so, you are welcome to call Quady Winery with your credit card information and complete your purchase by phone at (800)733-8068.
Third Party Services
We reserve the right to share your information with third party services to supplement various business services. We do not sell, rent, or share any portion of our customer database to third parties unless it is necessary to fulfilling services at your request. We only utilize third party services that meet strict security and privacy standards that are inline with our own policies. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third-party service providers are obligated to protect your personal information on our behalf.  A list of these third parties with links can be found below.
We work with third party services to manage aspects of our online shopping cart and our alcohol beverage related compliance and to serve email marketing campaigns. These partners may only use your information for the purpose of fulfilling these functions. In connection with these activities, we may transmit or permit these third parties access to your information solely to help us better serve you and improve our business.
For example, if you purchase wine through our online store or become a club member and receive wine shipments, your information will be shared with our business partners for functions such as executing, age verification, processing, filling and shipping orders and to ensure that we are compliant with the direct shipping laws in each state.
The following list is the third party business partners used when you place an order online.
Online Shopping Cart- Nexternal- www.nexternal.com
http://www.nexternal.com/ecommerce/faqs.asp
https://secure.trust-guard.com/security/8623
Direct Ship Compliance- Ship Compliant- shipcompiant.com
http://shipcompliant.com/privacyoverview/
https://secure.trust-guard.com/certificates/portal.shipcompliant.com
Credit Card Processing – Sage Payments- http://na.sage.com/sage-payment-solutions
http://na.sage.com/sage-payment-solutions/compliance/pci-dss-merchant-documentation
Shipping with UPS – http://www.ups.com
http://www.ups.com/content/us/en/resources/ship/terms/privacy.html?WT.svl=Footer
Email marketing campaigns- Vertical Response – www.verticalresponse.com
http://www.verticalresponse.com/about/privacy_tos.html
http://clicktoverify.truste.com/pvr.php?page=validate&url=www.verticalresponse.com&sealid=102
LayerSlider
https://kreaturamedia.com/layerslider-responsive-wordpress-slider-plugin/
https://envato.com/privacy
Visual Composer
https://vc.wpbakery.com/
https://vc.wpbakery.com/privacy-policy/
Zoom Timeline for Visual Composer
https://codecanyon.net/item/zoomtimeline-visual-composer-timeline-pack/15460400
https://envato.com/privacy
Gravity Forms
http://www.gravityforms.com/
http://www.gravityforms.com/terms-and-conditions/
Duplicate Post
https://wordpress.org/plugins/duplicate-post/
https://wordpress.org/about/privacy/
We may also transfer personally identifiable information to assist with preventing fraud and minimizing credit risk or in compliance with a subpoena or other similar order or regulation (as determined in our sole discretion).
Additional website analytics
We use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses cookies to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ usage of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for us.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifiable information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Links
In addition to the third parties mentioned above, our site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. Each of these sites will have its own terms of use, privacy, and security policy and we cannot provide any assurance regarding privacy or security for these sites.  We encourage you to review the policies of each and every site before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with them.
Third Party Cookies
The use of cookies by third parties is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our tracking utility and service providers use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site and in order for you to use the shopping cart, etc.
Minor’s Guidelines
The safety of minors is very important to us and we are committed to preventing the consumption of alcohol by persons under 21 years of age (minors). Our site is not structured to attract minors. Although we have an age gate in place, we have no way of knowing if a minor has manipulated their date of birth. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect any personal information from minors. If we become aware that we have unintentionally collected personal information from a minor, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our databases. We rely on parents, guardians and those responsible for supervising those under the age of 21 to decide what materials, sections of our site, and non-alcoholic items in the online store are appropriate for minors to view and/or purchase.
Although we cannot guarantee minors will not visit our site using a false date of birth, there are methods in place to prevent minors from purchasing alcohol from us. If you are under 21 years of age, purchasing alcohol from us is prohibited by law.  Quady Winery along with our third party partners utilize various methods and technologies to prevent minors from purchasing alcohol from us. All of our shipments that contain alcoholic beverages are sent with an “Adult Signature Required” sticker on them. The common carrier that delivers our merchandise is required to ask and check for identification upon delivery.
Modifying or deleting personally identifiable information
To the extent that you do provide us with personal information, we intend to keep your information accurate and up to date.  If you wish to review, modify, or delete any of your information or restrict how we use the information, please contact us.
Email – info@quadywinery.com
Phone- (800)733-8068
Mail – Quady Winery, PO Box 728, Madera, CA 93639
If you request that certain information be amended or deleted, we will use reasonable efforts to accommodate your request in a timely manner.
If you are a wine club member with a contractual relationship or have an order in process or shipping, there is certain information we must retain in order to properly service your account and to fulfill your contracts and requests.  Furthermore, please be aware that even if you request your information be removed from our systems, such information may never be completely removed due to technical and legal constraints, including direct ship regulations, backup and disaster recovery systems, and some information to track the record of your requests.
Our email marketing campaigns will always have an opt-out option at the bottom.  To stop receiving email communications from us, please click the opt-out link in the email and follow the on screen instructions.
Your California Privacy Rights.
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to info@quadywinery.com , call (800)733-8068, or write to PO Box 728 Madera, CA 93639.
Commitment
We are committed to privacy and are actively involved in and support current industry initiatives to preserve individual privacy rights on the internet. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and our systems are constantly evolving to meet these demands. While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as possible.
If you have any comments or questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at info@quadywinery.com or call (800)733-8068.
Your Consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Quady Winery and our third party business partners as described in this policy. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to release information about users who we believe are in violation of our content guidelines. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful.
The date of this Privacy and Security Policy is July 22, 2014. We may update this policy from time to time. Please check this page periodically for changes. By using this site, you signify your agreement to this Privacy and Security Policy.
Club Member Terms & Conditions Agreement
By purchasing this product (Club Quady/Electra/Vya Membership) and as a member of Club Quady/Electra/Vya, I agree to purchase two (2) Wine Club Releases within a one (1) year period. Wine Club Releases occur during the months of April and October. Wine Club Releases are limited time offers and are only available during the month of their scheduled release. Quady Winery staff will attempt to notify me via email or phone of upcoming Wine Club Releases starting at least 30 days prior to and during the month of the Wine Club Release. Quady Winery staff will also attempt to remind me to update any expired or outdated billing/shipping information on file at that time.
By joining Club Quady/Electra/Vya, I understand I am enrolling in the wine club and permit Quady South Winery, LLC., to charge my credit card* for each Wine Club Release (which includes wine and any applicable freight** and sales tax) in the months of April and October. I confirm that I am at least 21 years of age and understand all Wine Club Releases must be received and signed for at time of delivery or pick up by someone at least 21 years of age.
After I receive my first two (2) Wine Club Releases, I will remain a member, receiving Wine Club Releases in the months of April and October, until I request my Club Quady/Electra/Vya Membership to be cancelled in writing at least 15 days before the next scheduled release.
I understand that if I miss a Wine Club Release due to a missed payment, expired credit card or other payment processing issue, Quady South Winery, LLC., may suspend my Club Quady/Electra/Vya Membership and all membership benefits until payment is received.
*If you select or have selected the “Ship” option for your Club Quady/Electra/Vya Membership, your credit card payment for the Wine Club Release will be processed on the 3rd day of April and October. If the 3rd falls on a weekend or holiday, your card will be charged the following business day. Wine Club Releases will be shipped out within two business days of the payment being processed. If you select or have selected the “Pick Up” option for your Club Quady/Electra/Vya Membership, you will receive your Wine Club Release by picking it up at Quady Winery, 13181 Rd. 24, Madera, CA 93637, and your credit card (or other form of payment) will be taken at the time of pick up. Quady Winery will hold Wine Club Releases at the winery for members wanting to pick up until the 25th of the month. If the Wine Club Release has NOT been picked up by the 25th, the credit card on file will be charged for the wine and any applicable shipping and taxes the following business day. The Wine Club Release will then be shipped to the registered address on file within two (2) business days following payment processing.
**At the time of shipment, Wine Club Releases are sent to the last registered Club Member Ship To address. Club Members are responsible for notifying Quady South Winery, LLC., about any change of bill to or ship to address at least five (5) business days prior to scheduled Wine Club Releases. Quady South Winery, LLC., is not liable for any shipping expenses resulting in a returned or lost Wine Club Release due to old and/or outdated Club Member addresses.
ABOUT QUADY WINES In a small San Joaquin valley town, Andrew Quady discovered an unused patch of the rare Orange Muscat grape varietal, known in Italy as Moscato Fior d’Arancio. These grapes became the first Essensia. This marked the birth of Quady Winery's muscat expertise - where the rich flavors of rare muscat varietals are celebrated and intensified rather than blended and softened.
The varieties we use are rare, delicious expressions of the fruit filled San Joaquin Valley. The winemaking style is rich, full bodied, perfectly balanced, and unparalleled in any other muscat you can find.
Please enjoy responsibly.
Must be 21 or older.
CONTACT QUADY WINERY (800) 733-8068
Physical Address:
Quady Winery
13181 Road 24
Madera, CA 93637
Mailing Address:
Quady Winery
PO Box 728
Madera, CA 93639
Tasting Room Hours:
Mon-Fri
CLOSED*
Sat-Sun
CLOSED*
*Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, our winery and tasting room are temporarily CLOSED to the public. Pick-up orders are available during regular business hours, Mon-Fri from 8am-5pm. To place a pick-up order, call us at 800-733-8068 or select pick-up at checkout when shopping online.
Quady Wines
Vya Vermouth
© 2020 Quady Wines. All Rights Reserved.
Blog
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Privacy Tools
Contact Us
Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
Not readable? Change text.
I consent to Quady Winery collecting my details through this form.
Send
Start typing and press Enter to search