https://quimbyscruisingguide.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Waterways Journal, Inc. (“Waterways Journal,” “we,” or “us”) is committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and disclose information through the websites, mobile applications, and other online services and products that link to or post this Privacy Policy, and when you access our Subscriptions (whether through our Services or third party services) (collectively, the “Services”).
Please read the entire Privacy Policy before using our Services. By using the Services, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
Personal Information We Collect
Information You Provide.
We may collect information you provide directly via the Services. We may ask you for some or all of the following types of information when you register with our Services, access various content or features, create or renew a subscription, submit comments and other content, order products (“Order Information.”), or directly contact us with questions or feedback:
Contact information, such as
• name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
• User name, display name, and password;
• Demographic information, such as age information and gender;
• Payment information, such as credit card number and expiration date;
• Communications preferences;
• Search queries;
• Stories, comments, photos, and other information posted in our interactive online features;
• Correspondence and other information that you send to us; and
• Additional information as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
The information you provide may include Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you personally (whether alone or in combination). Personal Information once “de-identified” is not subject to this Privacy Policy and we may treat it as non-Personal Information and use it without obligation to you except as prohibited by applicable law.
Information Automatically Collected.
When you visit The Waterways Journal, Inc. (“Site”), we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Except to the extent required by applicable law, The Waterways Journal, Inc., does not consider Device Information to be Personal Information. However, Device Information may be combined with your Personal Information. To the extent that we combine Device Information with your Personal Information, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including service providers and third party services, and combine such information with information we have collected about you. To the extent we combine such third party sourced information with Personal Information we have collected about you on the services, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the accuracy of any information provided by third parties or third party policies or practices.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any subscription orders or store orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Provide you with the products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request and respond to correspondence that we receive from you;
Screen our orders and subscription requests for potential risk or fraud;
Customize and personalize your use of the Services;
Contact you via email and otherwise about products, services, and events that we think might be of interest to you;
Contact you with surveys, legal notices, and other information that may be relevant to your use of the Services;
Maintain or administer the Services, perform business analyses, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;
Publish stories, comments, and other information posted in our interactive online features;
Process employment applications and inquiries;
Create articles and other content;
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or may be fraudulent or illegal;
Deliver advertising, including interest-based advertising, to show you relevant ads both on our Services and elsewhere, and measure the effectiveness and reach of ads; and
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Personal Information may be used for marketing or remarketing purposes in accordance with the terms set forth in this privacy policy and our terms of service along with your Privacy Policy choices.
Behavioral Advertising
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
HubSpot: https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Your E.U. Rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Minors
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 13.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Your continued use of the site after any modification to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the new terms and conditions.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@wjinc.net or by mail using the details provided below:
The Waterways Journal, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Representative
319 N. 4th St., Suite 650
St. Louis, MO 63102
(314) 241-7354
info@wjinc.net