https://quivirawine.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Quivira Vineyards
LOGIN |
VIEW CART
707.395.3929
TASTING EXPERIENCES
PURCHASE
QUEUE WINE CLUB
ABOUT US
VINEYARDS
WINES
FARMING
EXPERIENCE
MEET THE TEAM
TERMS OF USE
Welcome to
our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing
to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which
together with our privacy policy govern Quivira Vineyards Wines’ relationship
with you in the context of this website.
The term “Quivira
Vineyards” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website. The term “you”
refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of
this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content
of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It
is subject to change without notice.
Neither we
nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy,
timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and
materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You
acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or
errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors
to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of
any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for
which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure
that any products, services or information available through this website meet
your specific requirements.
This website
contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes,
but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics.
Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice,
which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All
trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or
licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized
use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal
offence. From time to time, this website may also include links to other
websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further
information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no
responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of
this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject
to the laws of the United States.
Wine-Specific
Conditions
Legal
Requirements
You must be
21 years of age or older, to order or receive alcoholic beverages from Quivira
Vineyards. Receipt of shipments containing alcoholic beverages requires the
signature of a sober adult (a person 21 years of age or older who is not
intoxicated). Wines purchased from Quivira Vineyards are not for resale, and
are for personal consumption only.
Credit Card
Charges
Orders are
by credit card only. We accept Visa and MasterCard and American Express.
Minimum
Purchase
No minimum
purchase is required.
States
Authorized for Direct Shipment
Due to the
ever-changing nature of wine shipping laws, we may not be able to ship wines,
directly or indirectly, to all states. If Quivira Vineyards is unable to ship
directly to your state, we may be able to arrange for the sale and shipment of
our products through a third party. Please note, when dealing through a third
party, wine prices, discounts, and shipping costs may differ from those quoted
by Quivira Vineyards.
PRIVACY
POLICY
Protecting
your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you
understand how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you
provide to us on our site.
Sharing of
personal information – we don’t do it
Under no
circumstances will we share any personal information that we collect with any
third parties or web sites. All the information you give us is completely
private and used solely for order processing and shipping. If you give us
permission to send you marketing emails then we use your email for that
purpose, but never does that email get sold or distributed to any other web
site or list.
Newsletter
Opt-Out
If you have
chosen to opt into our newsletter or marketing emails and decide to opt out, we
have a simple unsubscribe form that will let you get off our email list.
Consumer
inquiries and privacy
If you have
any questions about your privacy, or want to make changes to your profile, or
get off our email list, simply send us an email.
Protecting
your information
All the
payment information we collect is done so under SSL – a standard internet
security measure. Any data that we store about you is kept behind a secure
firewall in our database and is not accessible to the public in any way.
Web Site Log
Files
Like most
websites, log files are generated that show the IP Address of the visitor,
date, time, and pages visited. Aggregate reports for Web site visitors are
generated that do not contain personally identifiable information. The log
files are eventually deleted.
Third-party
Downloads
This website
does not allow third-party downloads or for third-parties to place ‘cookies.’
Cookies
This website
does make use of cookies to facilitate the shoping cart functionality.
Credit card
refunds
Returns to
credit card will be placed on the original credit card used for purchase.
Customer
Information
Information
is collected at the time of registration in order to complete transactions
related to it’s use. Customer lists are not not sold or distributed to third
parties.
Mailing
Lists
This website
does maintain a mailing list. Your name, e-mail, and other information is never
used to send spam or other forms of opt-in or opt-out mailings. We use our
mailing list to send you important information regarding your order or to
update you on events at Quivira Vineyards.
User
Registration
To sign up
for the Quivira List or to order from our site you will go through a
registration process. This information is collected for the sole purpose of
displaying content on your browser. None of this information is ever sold or
distributed to third-parties. This information is only used for billing and
contact purposes by Quivira Vineyards.
RETURN
POLICY
Wine is a
Delicate Commodity
Wine is a
perishable commodity. Wine does not like extremes of temperature: hot humid
summer and cold winter weather may adversely affect the condition of your wine
during shipment. Quivira Vineyards is not responsible for, and will not replace
wine that is damaged by extreme weather conditions during shipment. When your
wine order is picked up by the common carrier for delivery, responsibility for
the wine becomes the responsibility of the purchaser.
Quality
Guarantee
If your wine
is flawed or damaged due to causes other than by extreme weather and by means
other than caused by a common carrier (i.e UPS, FedEx), you may return the product
for exchange or refund (except where prohibited by law). Quivira Vineyards will
refund the value of the item and any taxes you were charged. Shipping charges
are non-refundable. Damages caused by Carrier are not the responsibility of Quivira
Vineyards. Purchaser must submit claims for shipping charge reimbursement
directly to the Carrier.
Returned
Shipments for Invalid Address
If a
shipment is returned to Quivira Vineyards due to delivery failure for an
invalid address, Quivira Vineyards will contact you. If we do not receive a
response before final delivery attempt, Quivira Vineyards will refund the value
of the wine and the taxes originally charged. Shipping charges are
non-refundable.
Return
Authorization
To return
wine(s), repackage the item(s) in its original packaging as received. Returns
must be sent back prepaid. If wine(s) is replaced, Quivira Vineyards will pay
UPS Ground shipping costs for replacement item(s) unless other shipping
arrangements have been made, and at the cost of the Purchaser.
Please
contact the winery for Return Authorization. All shipments must be approved
prior to return shipping and may be refused if no return authorization has been
given.
Please ship
returns to: Quivira Vineyards Wines 4900 West Dry Creek Road, Healdsburg, CA
95448.
SHIPPING
INFO
Standard
freight carriers such as UPS or FedEx shall be referred to as
“Carrier”.
Quivira
Vineyards may currently ship wine to the following states: AK*, AZ, CA, CO, CT,
DC, FL, GA, HI*, ID, IA, IL, IN, KS, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, NC, ND, NE, NH, NJ,
NV, NM, NY, OH, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, VT, VA, VT, WA, WI, WV, WY. (With the
effects of the recent Supreme Court ruling on direct shipping still rippling
across the country, more states are being added to our “approved ship
to” list.)
AK & HI
Residents: Requires Air freight shipping (UPS 2-Day Air)
Third Party
Fulfillment
Quivira
Vineyards uses a third party fulfillment center for all daily orders and wine
subscription shipments. Orders are received and verified daily at winery before
shipment leaves fulfillment center. Orders generally ship from the fulfillment
center within 24 hours of order verification at winery. Orders are not shipped
on Saturday, Sunday and major holidays.
Default
Shipping Method
All orders
are shipped UPS Ground, unless otherwise requested. For Overnight, 2-Day Air,
and all other air freight orders, they must be received and verified by the
winery before 9:30am PST to guarantee same day fulfillment and shipping. Air
freight orders that are received after 9:30amPST are not guaranteed for air
delivery and shipping charges will not be refunded should order not arrive at
destination within the air freight marked period. Please contact the winery for
more details.
Extreme
Temperatures
Your
shipment may be delayed from its original ship date in order to protect your
wines from extreme temperature damage. To avoid extreme hot and cold
temperatures, some shipments may require 2-Day Air freight in order to protect
the quality of the wine. See ‘Wine is a Delicate Commodity’ in above section or
contact the winery for more details.
Destination
Address
We strongly
recommend delivery of wine shipments to a business, rather than a residence.
All shipments require a signature to verify proof of age (over 21 years old).
We regret we cannot deliver to P.O. boxes.
Shipping
Rates
Quivira
Vineyards maintains every effort to publish accurate shipping rates for
purchases made at winery and through its online shop. However, rate increases
from Carrier may occur at any time and without notification. Therefore
additional charges above the quoted or charged rate from winery will be the
responsibility of the Purchaser and their shipment charge will be adjusted
accordingly.
Trade
Mailing List
Privacy Policy
FOLLOW US
4900 West Dry Creek Road, Healdsburg, California 95448 | 707.395.3929
© 2020 Quivira Vineyards