https://rafting.ca/policy-and-terms-booking-requirements/
That's a wrap for 2020! Bookings for the 2021 Season are now available.
Home
COVID-19 Notice
River Tours
Bow River Nature Floats
Kananaskis Whitewater
Kan Plus Whitewater
Horseshoe Canyon Whitewater
Kananaskis Riverboarding
Frequently Asked Questions
Deals
Groups
Photos
Book Now
Policies & Booking Requirements
Contact
About Us
FAQs
Partners
Policies & Booking Requirements
Payment Policy
Individuals must provide a Mastercard or Visa upon making a reservation*
We accept Visa and Mastercard, cash, debit or traveler’s cheques at the Rafting Office (909A Railway Ave. Canmore, Alberta, Canada,T1W 2P3).
We accept Visa and Mastercard for online reservations. We do not accept visa debit online.
All pricing is in Canadian Dollars and is subject to a 5% GST charge.
We do not take payment at our river base.
A confirmation email with a payment receipt will be sent to the email provided during the booking process.
No additional charges are applicable after full payment is made; all rafting equipment is included. Photos are not included in the full payment required for booking.
Individual Bookings:
Full payment is required 48 hours before your tours departure time.
Group (9 or more) and Private Bookings:
Full payment is required 4 days before your tours departure time.
We require a $100 non-refundable deposit at the time of booking.
*Payment will automatically be taken from the Visa or Mastercard used to reserve your booking if you do not make payment before your payment deadline.
Cancellation Policy
Cancellations by Guests
Individual Bookings
We require 48 hours notice (prior to your tours departure time) to cancel or change your tour without penalty.
Cancellations made 48 hours or more before your departure time are eligible for a full refund.
Cancellations within 48 hours of your departure time are not eligible for a refund*.
No-shows are not eligible for a refund.
If you reduce the number of guests 48 hours or more before your departure time – a reduction in price will be given to reflect the updated number of participants.
If you reduce the number of guests within 48 hours of your departure time you will still be charged for all guests that were booked prior to the 48 hours notice required for cancellations or changes.
Group Bookings (9 or more) and Private Tours
We require 4 days notice (prior to a tours departure time) to cancel or change a tour without penalty.
Cancellations made 4 days or more before your departure time are eligible for a full refund (excluding the deposit taken at time of booking).
Cancellations within 4 days of your departure time are not eligible for a refund*.
No-shows are not eligible for a refund.
If you reduce the number of guests 4 days or more before your departure time– a reduction in price will be given to reflect the updated number of guests.
If you reduce the number of guests within 4 days of your departure time you will still be charged for all guests that were booked prior to the 4 days notice required for cancellations or changes.
*Exceptions may be made in certain circumstances subject to the discretion of Canadian Rockies Rafting Co. LTD. This includes but is not limited to: family or medical emergencies, death, unforeseen transport/access issues due to accidents or road blockages.
Cancellations by Canadian Rockies Rafting Co. LTD.
Canadian Rockies Rafting Co. LTD. reserve the right to cancel or change a tour at any time for any given reason. This includes but is not limited to:
Adverse water
Dangerous weather and related conditions
Safety concerns
Insufficient bookings
Wherever possible, Canadian Rockies Rafting Co. LTD. will provide advanced notice of cancellations or changes before your tour departure. In the event of a cancellation by Canadian Rockies Rafting Co. LTD., a comparable solution will be offered. It will be at your own discretion whether you choose to accept the solution offered or request a full refund. If Canadian Rockies Rafting Co. LTD.  changes the location of a tour (i.e. from the Horseshoe Canyon to the Kananaskis River) due to safety concerns, you are not eligible for a refund as this is considered a comparable solution.
Booking Notes and Requirements
Bookings must be made in advance to participate in one of our tours – we do not accept walk-ins or last-minute arrivals. For individuals, we accept bookings (provided there is space available) until 8:00pm MST the night before for tours on the Horseshoe Canyon and 11:00am MST the day of a tour for tours on the Kananaskis River.
Included in your Tour
All river gear and equipment, including:
Wetsuit
River boots
Splash jacket
Life jacket
Helmet
Paddle
Rafts
Certified, professional river guides
Hot or cold beverages (weather dependent)
Male and female changing rooms
Nearby restroom facilities
Secure storage for personal belongings
Transport from Banff (weekdays only) and Canmore
Photos (available for purchase at rafting.ca 24-72 hours after your tour)
What to Bring
Swim suit
Towel
Dry clothes for after
Sunscreen and bug spray (optional)
Optional clothing for cold weather: fleece sweater, toque and gloves (not cotton)
Sunglasses (at your own risk)
Restrictions
Age and weight Requirements
The minimum age requirement for our Bow River Nature Float is 4 years old.
The minimum age requirement for our Kananaskis Whitewater Tour is 5 years old.
The minimum age requirement for our Horseshoe Canyon Whitewater tour is 12 years old and a weight of at least 90lb/40.8kg. Both weight and age conditions must be met.
Please provide the age of all children participating in a tour at the time of booking.
The maximum weight restriction is 350lb/158.7kg for all tours.
Liability
To participate in a tour, a waiver must be signed by every guest. Although Canadian Rockies Rafting Co. LTD. takes every precaution to ensure you have a safe and fun trip; whitewater rafting comes with inherent risks. Signing the waiver acknowledges that you understand and accept these risks.
Minors under the age of 18 require an individual waiver and a guardian must sign on their behalf.
Privacy Policy
If you would like to see Canadian Rockies Rafting Co. LTD. full privacy policy or if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact info@rafting.ca.
Collecting Information
What information do we collect?
When booking or registering on our site, you may be asked to provide:
Name
Email
Mailing address
Phone number
Credit Card Information
Age or other details
When do we collect information?
We collect information when you:
Make a booking
Register for a newsletter
Submit an inquiry
Complete a pre-trip questionnaire
How do we use your information?
We may use your information in the following ways:
To quickly access your transactions or prepare for your departure
To send periodic emails regarding your booking:
Confirmation emails
Payment receipts
Tour updates, changes or cancellations
Information regarding products and services (if you sign up to our newsletter)
An optional survey after your tour to provide feedback
To respond to inquiries or requests
Market tour mailing list after the original transaction has occurred
If you wish to unsubscribe to emails or marketing correspondence – please notify info@rafting.ca  so we can honour your opt-out request as soon as possible in accordance with the CAN-SPAM Act 2014.
How do we protect your information?
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer information to outside parties
Our website is regularly scanned to find any holes or vulnerabilities
Your personal information is contained behind secure networks through regular malware scanning and is only accessible to those with special permissions and are required to keep information confidential
All sensitive information supplied to us is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology
Financial transactions are processed through a gateway provider and not stored or processed on our servers
Cookies
We use cookies to help us remember and process items in your shopping cart. They also help us understand your preferences based on current or previous site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. Cookies help us to compile data on site traffic and site interaction, so we can improve site experiences and tools in the future. You can choose to disable cookies on your browser. Disabling cookies will not prevent you from making orders. But, may make your site experience less efficient and some services may not function properly. Please check your individual browser settings to modify your cookie preferences.
Third Party Disclosure
As we offer third party products and services on our website, information will be shared to hosting partners who assist us in conducting business or providing services to you. A condition of this information being shared is that these parties keep all information confidential.
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer your personal information to outside parties unless we provide you with advance notice.
We may release your information when appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies or protect ours or other’s rights, property or safety.
Website by OSO Creative
div#stuning-header .dfd-stuning-header-bg-container {background-image: url(https://rafting.ca/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/ch-1.jpg);background-size: initial;background-position: center bottom;background-attachment: initial;background-repeat: no-repeat;}#stuning-header div.page-title-inner {min-height: 650px;}