https://raftinginthesmokies.com/frequently-asked-questions/privacy-statement/
× Close
Home
Activities
Whitewater Rafting
Scenic Family Float
Ropes Challenge Course
Zipline Canopy Tour
Rock Climbing Wall
Picnic & Pavilion
Family Adventure Island
Info
About Us
Contact
Map & Directions
Reservation Information
What to Bring
Brochure Request
Employment
Blog
Gallery
Photos – Rafting
Photos – Ropes Course
Photos – Ziplines
Photo Gallery – Rock
Photo Gallery – Picnic
Photo Gallery – Family Adventure Island
Videos
Groups
Packages
No Thanks
View all Packages
Book Now
Thank you for choosing Rafting in the Smokies. Any images our photographer takes may be used in our marketing materials, per the rafting consent form. So you may want to think twice if you are in the Witness Protection Program…or just frown really big – usually we choose smiling, happy faces. We want to maintain our family-friendly reputation, so you can be assured that we will use our discretion. We don’t share email addresses and we don’t sell our contact list. We do hope that you will sign up for our enewsletter and will enjoy receiving it monthly to biweekly during the season. We appreciate having all our guests post reviews on Trip Advisor, if you are so inclined. We want you to tell your friends to come visit us for the best outdoor experience in the Smokies!
Website Privacy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for https://raftinginthesmokies.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the site.
Orders
We request information from you when you fill out forms or book. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to reserve your time slot. If we have trouble processing a booking, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately.
Choose an Adventure
Raft
Pigeon River Whitewater Rafting & Scenic Family Float
Whitewater
Family Float
Rope
High Elements Ropes Challenge Course
Learn More
Zip
Zipline Canopy Tour
Learn More
Rock
Rock Climbing Wall
Learn More
Picnic
Pavilion
Learn More
Island
Family Adventure Island
Learn More
Close this module
This 2020 season is now officially closed.From our crew to yours, THANK YOU for an epic, wild, adventurous season at Rafting in the Smokies! We're already looking forward to the adventures 2021 will bring!