http://ragdollscfa.org/privacy-policy/
Home
About RAG
Our Beginnings
A Daytona Album
Members
Breeder Directory
Grand Champions
Newest Grands
Grand Champions
Grand Premiers
Achievements
CFA Year End Results
CFA Current Year End
2018-2019
2017-2018
2016-2017
2015-2016
2014-2015
2013-2014
2012-2013
2011-2012
2010-2011
2009-2010
2008-2009
2007-2008
2006-2007
2005-2006
2004-2005
Distinguished Merit
Newest DMs
DM Ragdoll Moms
DM Ragdoll Dads
RAG Rosette Winners
Contact RAG
Contact Us
RAG Membership
Member List
CFA
CFA Standards
CFA Breed Council
CFA Color Classes
Other CFA Links
Miscellaneous
RAG Constitution
RAG Link Banners
RAG Links
Privacy Policy Who we are
We are Ragdolls Around the Globe club. Our website address is: http://ragdollscfa.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Member Listings
When visitors fill out our application/renewal form on the site we collect the data shown in the application/renewal form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
If you have a listing on the website, you should be aware that visitors to the website can view your info and location data from the website.
Cookies
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
All about cookies: https://cookiesandyou.com/
Disabling cookies: https://cookies.insites.com/disable-cookies/
Links to other websites
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
If you have a member listing, visitors to our site will be able to view your name, cattery name, email address and website address.
How long we retain your data
We save your billing information and other information gathered about you for as long as needed for accounting purposes or other obligations deriving from law, but not longer than 5 years.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have a listing, you can request to receive a file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Additional information
Children
We do not intend to collect or knowingly collect information from children. We do not target children with our services.
What third parties we receive data from
We gather information from our trusted partners with confirmation that they have legal grounds to share that information with us. This is either information you have provided them directly with or that they have gathered about you on other legal grounds.
Paypal and is governed by paypal’s policies.
(https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full)
Publicly available information
We might gather information about you that is publicly available.
If you wish for us to no longer list your information on our member pages, or contact you and to remove your information from our records please contact us.
Designed by Gerlinda.com.
Scroll Up