http://ragtaghelpdesk.org
How can we help you?
Search our knowledge base for answers to common questions about organizing, running campaigns, and staying secure online. Your questions answered by Ragtag's team of tech-expert volunteers.
Digital Security
Guides and pro tips on all things digital security.
Voter Contact
Ready to reach out to voters? Get tech tips here.
Ask a question
Ask any question about campaign and organizing tech.
Digital Security
Guides to implementing best practices in digital security, from two-factor authentication, to responsibly sharing account logins (only when there's no other option).
2FA (Two-Factor Authentication)
Navigating 2FA: Everything You Need to Know
Why You Should Set up 2FA on Your Accounts
Guide to Choosing a Second Factor
Save Those Account Backup Codes!
Should I Ever Share the Code Sent to My 2FA App?
2FA for Your Social Media Accounts
See all 7 articles
Digital Security
Online Privacy Checklist
Security Alert: Twitter hack on 7/15/20. Action items...
Our Approach to Effective Digital Security
Top Security Recommendations for Anyone
Password Manager Basics
5 Ways to Increase Security on Your Windows or Mac Computer
See all 25 articles
Campaign Tech
Guides for candidates, and campaign managers, staff, and volunteers.
Using Slack for organizing
What Is Slack, and Should We Use It?
5 Steps to Setting up Your Slack for Organizing
3 Ways to Make the Most of Your Team’s Slack
Slack Tips for Volunteers & Team Members
Online presence
5 Steps to Get Your Online Presence Started
Domain Name Registration and Website Hosting
Boost Your Site's Reach With These SEO Tips
Instructions for Boosting your Site’s SEO
The New Candidate’s Guide to Ballotpedia
Campaign Organizing
What Is the Voter File?
How Do I Get the Voter File?
How to Analyze the Voter File
Sending Volunteer Emails Using Google Groups
Pro Tip: Managing Volunteer Shifts with MyCampaign
Case Study: Setting up a Voter Protection Hotline with Vonage
See all 7 articles
Voter Outreach
Introduction to MiniVAN and Tips for Campaigns
Setting up MiniVAN for Canvassing
Introduction to Phone Banking with HubDialer
Getting Started with Hustle
Top 10 Hustle Tips (That Also Work Nicely with Other Text Banking Tools)
What Is Team?
See all 7 articles
Wifi and Networking
Get the Right WiFi Hardware and Internet Provider for your Campaign HQ
How to Set up Your Campaign Office's Network & WiFi
Does Your Campaign Need Backups?
Social Media
Reaching Young Voters with Social Media
Ragtag GOTV Tools
Documentation and instructions for using Ragtag's signature GOTV tools - Nomad carpool-to-canvass and Drive the Vote.
Drive the Vote
What is Drive the Vote?
Are Drive the Vote rides open to all voters regardless of party?
How do voters schedule rides to the polls?
What’s involved in driving with Drive the Vote?
How do I get started with the Drive the Vote driver app?
How do I pick up a voter for a ride to the polls?
See all 16 articles
Nomad (Admin)
How do I fill a bus with canvassers using Nomad?
What do I do with an “unauthorized” error in Nomad?
Nomad Carpool-to-Canvass
What is Nomad?
How do I create a carpool and offer rides to other volunteers using Nomad?
How do I log in to Nomad?
Is Nomad a mobile app for carpooling?
How do I find rides and request a seat in a carpool in Nomad?
I requested a ride in Nomad. What happens now?
See all 18 articles
General
FAQ
What is Ragtag?
How Much Does Ragtag Helpdesk Cost?
Announcements
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy for Ragtag Helpdesk
Still Have Questions?
Our team of tech volunteers is here to help. Just submit a request and we'll help you out!
Contact Us