http://rangercreekranch.com/privacy-and-security/
Ranger Creek Ranch
Privacy and Security Policy
Ranger Creek Ranch wants you to know that whether you’re ordering online, or just browsing, your privacy is very important to us.
When visiting Ranger Creek Ranch Pro Shop online, our server collects only the domain name and user specific information on the pages you access or visit. This information is collected as well as your e-mail address, if you e-mail us. We also collect any information you volunteer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
Any information that we gather is used to improve the content of our Web Site and notify you about current Ranger Creek Ranch Pro Shop products, services and events. If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mail from us, please e-mail, stating that you are not interested in receiving these notifications. We currently do not share e-mail addresses with other organizations for commercial purposes.
If you supply us with your telephone number online, you will be contacted by phone only if there is a question regarding an order you’ve placed online. We will not call you for promotional purposes, or share your telephone number with other companies.
If you supply us with a mailing address online when ordering a product or requesting a catalog, you will be put into our customer file and may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you would rather not receive such mailings, please email or write to us at the address below. Please include your exact name, mailing address, and state that you prefer not to receive mailings from Ranger Creek Ranch Pro Shop.
Occasionally, we make our customer postal mailing lists available to a carefully screened group of organizations whose products may be of interest to you. If you are not interested in receiving such information, please e-mail or write to us at the address below. Please include your exact name and mailing address and state that you prefer not to receive other companies’ mailings.
Our Mailing Address:
Ranger Creek Ranch Pro Shop
2591 County Road 3185
Seymour, TX 76380
Privacy issues can be addressed via our contact form.
Security:
The Ranger Creek Ranch Pro Shop takes your concerns about the security of online ordering very seriously. We’ve put many safeguards into our electronic store so that you can enjoy your shopping experience and make purchases without having to worry about the safety of credit card transactions. Our secure shopping system is made up of three layers.
The first layer, “Safe Technology”, is the most visible to you. Our Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology is an industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. Using RSA key technology, our web server is stable and secure, so you can shop via the web without worry and without risk. We encrypt all of your personal information including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
The second layer, our “Firewall”, works behind the scenes. We protect all of your private information, including your order, behind a network security system. Only our own staff has access to this information, and then only enough to service your order. As a final precaution, we authorize all credit card transactions through the same private channel that we use for traditional phone, fax, or mail orders. If you have any questions about our security system, please Contact Us.
Dove Season…Cannot Wait!
by rangercreekranch | Jul 26, 2020 | Uncategorized | 0 Comments
HOG HUNTING FANTASY
by rangercreekranch | Feb 18, 2020 | Uncategorized | 0 CommentsThe hog population seems to have exploded here in Knox County this past year. For the most part hog hunters have had ample opportunity and successful connections with their target. Remember, the hogs are smart therefore the thrill is to outsmart them and not make any...
2019-20 Deer Season closes with a Bang!
by rangercreekranch | Jan 16, 2020 | Uncategorized | 1 CommentWe had some really good mature harvested this past season. The nutrition and management really seem to be paying off! Congratulations for those that harvested a nice buck and thanks to those that were patient and not pulling the trigger on some of our deer that carry...
Birth Announcement!
by rangercreekranch | Oct 26, 2019 | Uncategorized | 0 CommentsRanger Creek Ranch is pleased to announce the birth of The Reserve at Ranger Creek Ranch at 5:00 pm October 12, 2019 at Vera, Texas. For more information visit www.thereserveatrangercreekranch.com
The Whole Experience…..
by rangercreekranch | Mar 1, 2019 | Uncategorized | 0 CommentsComing out to Ranger Creek Ranch is more than just the hunt. We want this to be an exciting and amazing experience in your life.. A memory that is all yours..We are not all about just the Hunting we are about the Whole Experience.. The comradery ..Your new best...
Bow Season Starting this Saturday!
by rangercreekranch | Sep 24, 2018 | Uncategorized | 0 CommentsWe have been set up and ready to go for the bow hunting season.  Bow season is September 29-November 2, 2018.
Dove Season is Going….
by rangercreekranch | Sep 24, 2018 | Uncategorized | 0 CommentsI scouted birds yesterday afternoon and we were simply covered up with dove but we are having an interesting dove season this year!  It seems the rainy fronts have started coming in during the weekends.   The birds have been good during the week but have been...
Dove Season is not too far away…..
by rangercreekranch | Aug 2, 2018 | Uncategorized | 0 CommentsWe have been shredding and getting everything ready for our upcoming dove hunts! We are seeing a good number of native birds and lots of feed that should encourage them to stay around. Cannot wait for dove season to come around to see our customers/friends again.... I...
Father’s Day on the Ranch
by JimiC | Jun 11, 2018 | Uncategorized | 0 CommentsDon't miss Father's Day this Sunday. Join us at the Ranch for a wonderful lunch, indoor and outdoor seating available. Please RSVP so we know you are coming. 940-888-2478.
Live & Dine Featuring Joey Green
by JimiC | May 16, 2018 | Uncategorized | 0 CommentsThe Summer Concert Series is underway featuring the one and only Joey Green this Saturday at Ranger Creek. Joey Green has been playing music in the Fort Worth area since he was 17. He started out in his former band Defining Briscoe, and he brought his friend Noah...
« Older Entries
Home | Texas Cities | Texas Activities | Texas Events | See Texas | Driving Tours | LinksPrivacy & Security | Contact Us