https://reactintl.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
RI.HQ@REACTIntl.org 301-316-2900
Home » Privacy Policy
Policy 3-21
Privacy Policy
This policy descibes how we manage official membership and team information data along with private information which you entrust to us during visits to our www.REACTIntl.org official REACT International, Inc., website.
We automatically collect information about visitors who browse our official REACT International, Inc., website, read the various web pages or download information from them.
Examples of information collected may include:
1. The Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our web site:
2. The type of browser and operating system used to access our site:
3. The date and time you access our site:
4. The screen resolution and screen size:
5. The pages you visited:
6. If you linked to our web site from another website, the address of that web site and
7. Your e-mail address.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors, to determine the number of visitors to the site and the types of technology our visitors use. We do employ the use of “cookies”. A cookie is a file that is placed on your computer to track information collected while on our web site. If you make a purchase from the on-line REACT Supply Store, your information is stored on your computer by a cookie to keep track of your purchases (number of items, item and cost). Information collected during this process is related to your particular order. Our use of cookie technology is not otherwise designed, intended, nor used to collect, store or analyze information pertaining to internet users. Your contact information will be stored on your computer in a cookie so that you will not have to re-enter this information on your next visit. Credit card information is not collected or retained by the web store. The purchaser must supply payment information via phone, fax, separate e-mail or US Postal Service mail before the order is filled and shipped.
Information concerning your purchases from the REACT Supply Store is sent to REACT International headquarters as an e-mail and your data is kept on the server in a secured, protected database. The REACT International e-mail server is within the same local network system as the web site / web store / donations page server, and the message is only accepted when e-mail is being retrieved by the authorized person.
If you make an on-line donation, information provided (including credit card information) when you complete the secure form is sent to REACT International headquarters as an e-mail. Your data is kept on the server in a secured, protected database. The REACT International e-mail server is within the same local network system as the web site / web store / donations page server, and the message is only transmitted when e-mail is being retrieved by the authorized person.
Membership or team updates and/or corrections sent via the web are used to generate an e-mail to REACT International headquarters. No information is retained on any server after the e-mail is sent. Team or council information data on the website is updated once a month. Team name, charter number, mailing address, telephone number, web site and e-mail addresses are published. Only those team or council contact names and telephone numbers that have authorized their release will be published.
News articles submitted to REACT International, Inc., for publication will be placed on the web site with appropriate releases including that of any photographer.
Team information data will be placed on the web site and/or released by telephone, fax, e-mail, or U.S. Postal Service mail with team name, charter number, mailing address, contact telephone number, e-mail and web site. Officers’ name and telephone number data will only be released when an authorizing initial has been placed on the yearly Officer Report form.
With the exception of individual members’ name and address released to the REACTer publisher for delivery of the REACTer, individual members’ information will not be released unless for name, address, and telephone number when authorizing initials have been placed on the annual renewal form or when the annual renewal form has a “yes” on the form and it was not changed. This information will only be released for verified, official, purposes and will not be sold or released for the benefit of an outside commerce.
REACT International, Inc., Policy 3-21 – Privacy Policy revised 08/2006
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close