http://redpinecamp.org//privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Information Collection: Use and Disclosure
Red Pine Camp respects your personal privacy. We appreciate your concern about your personal information, and believe ensuring the security of your personal information is an important part of our job. We strive to protect any personal information you give Red Pine Camp ie.(address, name, email address, phone number etc.) If we ask you to provide us with any personal information, we will tell you the purposes for which we intend to use that information. We will not collect, use, or disclose your personal information without your consent. We collect no personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us. We do not use techniques that collect personal information about you without your knowledge. We do not share, lend, sell or publish your personal information to anyone or any business for any purpose. It is our intention to fully comply with the “Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act” passed by the Government of Canada in April 2000 – for your benefit and ours.
Your Privacy
In summary, Red Pine Camp is committed to and respects your privacy. We recognize that when you choose to provide us with any information about yourself or your family you trust us to act in a responsible manner. That’s why we have put this policy in place to protect your personal information. The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act refers specifically to personal information. Your information is used only for the purpose for which it was given to us. It will not be shared, sold, or loaned to any one or any business.
Red Pine Camp’s purposes for collecting personal information are:
a. To establish and maintain responsible relationships with our shareholders, Campers, staff and volunteers;
b. To manage, develop and enhance Red Pine Camp’s operations, programs and services;
c. To issue booking confirmation receipts, and other administrative requirements including information requests;
d. To process and collect camping fees;
e. To assess participant needs;
f. To determine program service, employment or volunteer eligibility;
g. To provide a safe and secure camping environment;
h. To collect data for statistical purposes;
i. To better understand the changing needs of the community we serve;
j. To communicate a range of programs and services that benefit the campers;
k. To meet legal, regulatory and contractual requirements.
If you have any further questions please contact our office.
Name *Email *Select list(s) to subscribe toGeneral Interest Yes, I would like to receive emails from Red Pine Camp. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Red Pine Camp, 1132-2720 Queensview Dr., Ottawa, ON, K2B 1A5, http://www.redpinecamp.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
×
Name *Email *Select list(s) to subscribe toGeneral Interest Yes, I would like to receive emails from Red Pine Camp. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Red Pine Camp, 1132-2720 Queensview Dr., Ottawa, ON, K2B 1A5, http://www.redpinecamp.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
×