http://restaurant.eonweb.com/privacy.asp
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the restaurant.eonweb.com website. The types of personal information collected on this site are:
Name
Email address
The Way We Use Information:
We use return email addresses to answer the email or requests we receive.
Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to have a personalized page.
Information you submit on our website will not be used for any other purpose.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please click here to contact us.