http://richleighyachts.com/legal-and-privacy/
Follow Us on Social Media:
Menu
Home
About Us
Yacht Services
Yacht Charters
Yacht Sales/ Management
Yacht Interior Design
What To Expect?
FAQs
Legal And Privacy
Special Offers
Contact Us
Offering a Personal, Professional Yachting Experience
Legal & Privacy Information
Your satisfaction and privacy is very important to the team at Richleigh Yachts. That is why we have created our legal and privacy document specifically to help you learn how we collect and use information on our website. This privacy policy sets out the online information practices of our yacht charter company, including:
The Kinds of Information We Collect
The Ways in Which We Use the Information That We Collect
The Choices You Have With Regard to the Information We Collect
Our Pledge to Have Reasonable Security Measures in Place to Protect Against the Loss, Misuse, or Alteration of Information under Our Control
Information Collection & Use
Richleigh Yachts collects two kinds of information from you – personally-identifiable information that you choose to provide to us and non-personally-identifiable information, such as your IP address.
Personally-Identifiable Information
E-mail – The only personally-identifiable information that we collect is what you voluntarily submit to us. For example, if you e-mail questions or requests for information about our company, we may request your name, mailing address, telephone number, and/or e-mail address in order to respond to your inquiries.
Also, if you submit a resume or application for employment with Richleigh Yachts via e-mail, you will be required to include personally-identifiable information so that our company can adequately review your application and contact you. Furthermore, our company may collect and store the information you choose to provide to us in order to send you information about our company from time to time.
Products & Services Offered by Our Company or Third-Party Vendors – Richleigh Yachts also may offer links to third party sites, which may offer products or services for sale. Please note that our company does not usually process orders or ship merchandise and that our company does not dictate or supervise the information collection and use policies of any third party vendors.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other Websites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every Website they visit for more information about how their information may be collected and used.
Non-Personally-Identifiable Information
IP Addresses – An IP address is a number used by computers on a network to identify your computer so that data can be transmitted to you. We collect IP address information in order to administer our Website and to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies – Cookies are pieces of data that a Website sends to a user’s computer while the user is viewing the Website. Cookies identify your Web browser and store information about your visits, but do not reveal any personally-identifiable information about you. We may use cookies to understand what parts of our site users are visiting the most and to help us improve our site.
Information Sharing
We may share personally-identifiable and/or non-personally-identifiable information with select third parties, including our agents, affiliates, partners, and sponsors. Also, we may disclose personally-identifiable information when required to do so under law or in cooperation with a legal request in connection with any law enforcement investigation or other public safety matter.
Choice
You may choose to not provide us with any contact information. However, if you do so, your ability to navigate this Website may be impaired. If you would like to change or modify information you have previously provided us, please send an e-mail to Webmaster@richleighyachts.com. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the practices of our Website, please contact our Webmaster for more information.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our homepage so you will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Security
We make every effort to have reasonable security procedures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control. If you have any questions about the security of our Website or about this privacy policy, please contact our Webmaster.
Terms of Use Agreement
The Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) is a legal agreement between you (“User”) and Richleigh Yachts. By accessing and using our Website, the User acknowledges that he or she has read, understood, and agrees to comply with the terms and conditions stated within this Agreement.
Richleigh Yachts reserves the right to change these terms and conditions periodically at its sole discretion. User’s continued use of this Website constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions stated at the time of use.
Privacy
Richleigh Yachts collects information about the Users of its Websites. Collection of this information is governed by our online privacy policy.
User Conduct
Users agree that all the information posted or accessed will be used only for informational or educational purposes. There may be no commercial or other unauthorized use of any interactive features available on this Website. Users may not engage in any conduct or action that is prohibited by law or violates any federal, state, or local laws.
Corporate Identification & Trademarks
All registered and/or unregistered trademarks and/or service marks (collectively, “Marks”) used or referred to on this Website are the property of Richleigh Yachts, unless otherwise noted. Users may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or modify these Marks in any way without our company’s prior written permission. The use of Richleigh Yachts’ Marks on any other Website is prohibited.
Proprietary Rights to Content
All materials contained on this Website are copyrighted except where explicitly noted otherwise. © Richleighyachts, Inc. All rights reserved. User acknowledges and agrees that content, including but not limited to text, software, music, sound, photographs, video, design, graphics, movie trailers, film clips, or other material contained in this Website (“Content”) is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, or other proprietary rights and laws.
User understands and agrees that User may not copy, reproduce, republish, distribute, modify, or create derivative works from this Content or otherwise use, transmit, upload, rebroadcast, or publish in any form this Content other than as expressly authorized by this Agreement without our company’s prior written consent.
Links to Third Party Sites
The Richleigh Yachts Website may contain links to third party Websites, which are not under the control of our company. We make no representations whatsoever about any other Website to which you may have access through our Website. When you access a third party Website, you do so at your own risk and acknowledge that Richleigh Yachts is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials available from such third party sites.
User also agrees that our company shall not be liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of using any third party’s Website. Mention of third party companies and Websites on the Richleigh Yachts Website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation.
Limitation of Liability
User expressly understands and agrees that Richleigh Yachts shall not be liable for any loss or damage (direct, indirect, punitive, actual, consequential, incidental, special, exempt, or otherwise) resulting from any use of, or inability to use, this Website, or resulting from any error or omissions in the content of this Website, regardless of the basis upon which liability is clamed, even if Richleigh Yachts has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage.
Note: Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Disclaimer of Warranties
While every effort is made to ensure accuracy, Richleigh Yachts makes no warranty that this Website will meet your requirements or that it will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free; nor does our company make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of this Website or as to the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through this Website.
User understands and agrees that any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of this Website is done at the User’s own risk and that User will be solely responsible for any damage done to User’s computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such content.
Unless expressly stated otherwise, Richleigh Yachts provides this Website content “as is” and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, to the fullest extent allowable by law. This includes the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of intellectual property, and fitness for a particular purpose. In no event shall our company or its suppliers be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, or loss of information) arising out of the use or inability to use the site content, even if our company has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Note: Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Indemnification
User agrees, at User’s expense, to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Richleigh Yachts, its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, distributors, and licensees from and against any judgement, losses, deficiencies, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees and expenses) incurred in connection with any claim, demand, suit, action, or proceeding arising out of User’s breach of this Agreement or in connection with User’s use of this Website or any product or service related thereto.
Governing Law
This Agreement and the relationship between User and Richleigh Yachts shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or relating to use of this Website and the material contained in this Website shall be resolved in a California court. User agrees that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arises or will be forever barred.
Waiver/Severability
The waiver by either party of a breach or right under this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or right. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed from the remainder of this Agreement, which will otherwise remain in full force and effect.
Reservation of Rights
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Home
About Us
Yacht Services
What To Expect?
FAQs
Legal And Privacy
Special Offers
Contact Us
Sitemap
Serving Clients around the Globe
Based in Coral Springs, FL 33067
(844) 249-9438
leigh@richleighyachts.com
Copyright © Richleigh Yachts 2020. All rights reserved. Website domain and design by