https://ridechicago.com/terms/
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you-businesses, consumers and the general public-in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us, and to help you make informed decisions when using our web site and all of our related services therein.
Contact Information
To request a correction or deletion of your private information, or if you have any questions and general comments about this privacy policy, please contact us: info@ridechicago.com
Surface mailing address:
Ride Chicago
2509 W Fullerton
Chicago IL 60647
773 878 RIDE (7433)
info@ridechicago.com
What Information Do We Collect?
When visiting the our web site, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you voluntarily choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis, and Web site use information gathered on a collective basis as you and others browse our Web site.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Registration Information
You will provide us information about yourself, your firm or company, and your practices when you register to be a user of our services, register for certain services, or register for email newsletters and alerts.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. If you use our "Email this page" feature to send a copy of that page to someone else, your email address will appear as the sender of the email. Both your email address and the recipient's email address will not be used for any other purpose.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Generally, we use personal information for purposes of managing and expanding our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable.
Choice/Opt-out
We allow you the choice to opt-out of having your information used for purposes not directly related to our site, when we ask for the information.
Until you explicitly opt-in for the first time we consider you in the opt-out category. We always notify our customers when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an outside party.
If you do not wish to receive any promotional or marketing e-mails and/or surface mail marketing letters, you may opt-out of receiving those communications by using the opt-out mechanism on the User Account Settings Web page, or by sending an e-mail with the subject line "Unsubscribe" to
or e-mail address - see above.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
As you visit our Web site, the site uses its cookies to differentiate you from other customers. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from seeing unnecessary advertisements or requiring you to log in more than is necessary for security.
Cookies, in conjunction with our Web server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our customers. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We may enter into alliances, partnerships or other business arrangements with third parties who may be given access to personal information including your name, address, telephone number and email for the purpose of providing you information regarding products and services that we think will be of interest to you.
In connection with alliances, partnerships or arrangements, we may also provide certain information to third parties if we have determined that the information will be used in a responsible manner by a responsible third party.
We also use third parties to facilitate our business, including, but not limited to, sending email and processing credit card payments. In connection with these offerings and business operations, our partners and other third parties may have access to your personal information for use in connection with business activities.
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or any dissolution.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Secure Information Transmissions
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. Some of the information you may enter on our Web site may be transmitted securely via Secure Sockets Layer SSL, 128 bit encryption services. Pages utilizing this technology will have URLs that start with HTTPS instead of HTTP. Please contact
if you have any questions or concerns.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by contact us,
see the above contact information.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.At any time you may request to view any and all changes and updates, via surface mail.
Notification of Changes
The Privacy Policy is subject to periodic review and change. In order to view the current Privacy Policy, simply check this section of the website.
If we materially change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so users are aware of what information we collect, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. In some cases where we post a notice, we may also email user who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
WAIVER AND RELEASE OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENT
In consideration of Ride Chicago furnishing services and or equipment to enable me to participate in the Motorcycle Training program, I agree as follows;
I fully understand and acknowledge that (a) Risks and dangers exist in my use of motorcycles and motorcycle equipment in this training course.
(b) My participation in such activities and or using the equipment may result in injury or illness including without limitation, bodily injury, disease, strains, fractures, partial and or total paralysis, death or other ailments that could cause serious disability.
(c) these risks and dangers may be caused by the negligence of the owners, employees, officers or agents of Ride-Chicago, Ride Chicago inc herein known as Ride Chicago; including instructors, teachers, property owners, negligence of the participants, negligence of other participants, accidents, breaches of contract, the forces of nature and or other causes
and that these risks and dangers may arise from foreseeable or unforeseeable causes and ;
(d) by my participation in these activities and or use of equipment, I hereby expressly assume all risks and dangers and all responsibility for any losses and or damages, whether cause in whole or in part by the negligence or other conduct of the owners, agents, officers, or employees of Ride-Chicago including instructors landowners or any other persons.
I on behalf of myself, my personal representatives and my heirs, hereby voluntarily agree to release, waive discharge, hold harmless, defend and indemnify Ride-Chicago and its owners, agents, officers, employees, instructors, landowners, sanctioning organizations, sponsors, owners, facility owners, insurers, underwriters, consultants, or other persons or entities who give direction, instructions, evaluation regarding the premises or events held.
from any and all claims, suits or causes of action for bodily injury, property damage wrongful death, loss of services or otherwise which may arise out of my use of motorcycles and motorcycle equipment and or my participation in the Ride Chicago classes, instruction or any activity relating to ride Chicago.
I specifically understand and agree that I am releasing, discharging, and waiving any claims or actions that I may have presently or in the future for negligent acts or other conduct by Ride - Chicago and it's owners, agents , officers, employees , coaches, instructors, or property owners.
I HAVE READ THE ABOVE WAIVER AND RELEASE, AND BY ACKNOWLEDGING I AGREE IT IS MY INTENTION TO EXEMPT AND RELIEVE
RIDE-CHICAGO AND IT'S FACILITY PARTNERS OR LANDLORDS
FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, PROPERTY DAMAGE AND OR WRONGFUL DEATH CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER CAUSE
Cancellations
The $95 course reservation fee is non-refundable.
All cancellations must be made by email at least seven (7) days before the beginning of the session.
Individuals who do not cancel prior to the seven-day period will be charged the balance of tuition.
Students who wish to transfer sessions can have their deposit applied to another class provided they make arrangements at least seven days before the session they are registered for begins.
Attendance
Attendance at all classes is Mandatory to complete the course.
All sessions begin promptly; being late will result in disqualification from the class.
Students who are aware of a conflict can make arrangements to attend a different session by contacting Ride Chicago in advance.
Safety
In the interest of safety, Ride Chicago reserves the right to remove anyone who presents a hazard to themselves or others.
Postponement
Ride Chicago reserves the right to reschedule classes as necessary in response to inclement weather or other unforeseen circumstances.
Students will be advised of any class postponements.
Disclaimer
Ride Chicago provides its services on an " as is " basis and makes no warranties of any kind with respect to them.
Ride Chicago disclaims all such representations warranties and guarantees, whether express or implied but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose
Registration
Ride Chicago at its sole discretion can accept or deny registration.
Terms subject to change
Ride Chicago reserves the right to change or modify the terms and conditions applicable to the use of its services at any time.
Such changes modifications, additions or deletions to such terms and conditions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means including, but not limited to, posting a notice on the ride Chicago website.
Any use of ride Chicago services after such notice shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by you of such changes, modifications, additions, or deletions.
Meet Kevin Ware, your local GEICO Insurance Agent!
Get A Quote Now!
Classes For All Levels
We offer both basic, intermediate and advanced rider classes to suit students of all skill levels.
Private lessons are also available for those seeking one-on-one instruction. Our Illinois State-Certified Instructors work to ensure Maximum Seat Time!
Find A Class Class Info
Prepare for Success
Over 10,000 riders have obtained their Illinois motorcycle riding licenses through us. We offer our graduates on-site testing administered by Illinois state examiners and our students' 90% pass rate is the highest in the state. At Ride Chicago we prepare you for success. We want our students to pass the Illinois motorcycle riding licenses test in Chicago with confidence.
Licensing
All graduates are offered the opportunity to take their licensing test at our site. Ninety percent of Ride Chicago students go on to pass the exam!
Register for Licensing