http://rmi-online.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
This privacy notice discloses the practices for Research Mannikins, Inc. This privacy notice applies only to information collected by this 			web site.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy.
Quick Order brings a fast easier way to shop
Our catalogs and flyers available digitally online
Visit our Trophy Room galleries full of pictures of our favorite mounts
Our video pages has small clips of all our videos available
Our customer services include Velvet Antlers and Blade Sharpening
Answer all your shipping questions