https://roeoutfitters.com/privacy-policy/
541.884.3825info@roeoutfitters.com
Login on site
Username
Password
Login on site
Remember MeRemind the password
×
Login on site
0
Home
| Hunt
| Fish
| Kayak
Buy Photos
| Shop
| Contact
About
ROE Jobs
Plan Your Trip
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICYYour information that ROE Outfitters May Collect Online
We allow third-party advertising companies to collect certain information when you visit our site. These companies may utilize cookies, pixels or other technologies to collect and use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., hashed data, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you (i.e. interest-based advertising). They may also use persistent identifiers to anonymously track your Internet usage over time and across other websites in their networks beyond our site. For example, if you visit one of our tour pages, we may later serve you a targeted ad for that particular tour as you browse the internet.
If you visit our contact us page and fill out the form, we will collect personal information – specifically your name and email address. This website does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals sent from your browser or device. If you visit our book now page we will collect personal information for your reservation that you input for making your reservation – specifically your name, email, zipcode and credit card payment information.  We only have access to your payment information if you type it into the form in order to purchase your reservation.  Payment information is not stored on our computers but is on a secure booking server.
Any material changes to this notice will be posted to this website.
To learn more about interest-based advertisings or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit the websites of the Digital Advertising Alliance at www.aboutads.info and Networking Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Search for: