https://russianvisaguide.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
You are here:
HomePrivacy Policy
Introduction
Travel & Visa Pro has the highest commitment to providing excellent service to all of our customers, including respecting their concerns about privacy. We understand that you may have questions about whether and how our Web site (the “Site”) collects and uses information. Accordingly, we have prepared this statement to inform you of the privacy principles that govern www.RussianVisaGuide.com, www.TravelVisaPro.com, www.RedEmpireStay.com as well as www.ApartmentInRussia.com.
Please read the following Privacy Policy closely before using our Site. By accessing, browsing, and using this Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to the Privacy Policy as stated here. If you do not agree with any part of the Privacy Policy, YOU MUST NOT USE THIS SITE.
We guarantee never to sell or rent any of your personal information without your prior consent. Your trust and confidence are our highest priority. For questions or concerns regarding your privacy, please contact Travel & Visa Pro customer service.
Browsing
You browse this website on an anonymous basis. We have not configured this website to collect any information from your computer without your input. This means that, unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us with information, we will not know your identity, your e-mail address, or any other information identifiable to you.
Information
When we need to collect information from you, we will ask you to voluntarily supply us with the information we need. For example, if you would like to make an order for one of our services (visa, visa support, apartment, hotel, etc.), we will ask you for information such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card type, credit card number, expiration date and processing preferences (type, time, etc.) to process your request.
We will use your e-mail as a primary contact to send a confirmation and, if necessary, to ask for additional information. We might use the other information to contact you for help to process your order . For our e-mail friends, we will use your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address to process your subscription and to also unsubscribe from the mailing list. When we ask you for personal data when making a purchase, it is transferred over a Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) line provided you are using a SSL enabled browser such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator, or Mozilla Firefox. This ensures that your information is encrypted as it travels over the Internet. This secure mode is enabled before any such information is transmitted from your computer. You will know you are in secure mode when the padlock icon in the lower right hand corner of the computer screen appears in the locked position. In addition, when accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from “http” to “https.” After information reaches Travel & Visa Pro it is stored on a secure server that resides behind a firewall that is designed to block access from outside.
Sometimes, we may ask you to fill out an online customer survey, to obtain your suggestions or comments about your use of Travel & Visa Pro services, or for similar purposes. Providing this information is voluntary.
Internet Protocol (IP) Address
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer every time you browse the Internet. When you request a page from our Site, our servers log your current IP address. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. Thus, each of your sessions is anonymous.
Use of Information
We treat the information you provide to us as confidential information; it is, accordingly, subject to our firm’s security procedures and strict corporate policies regarding protection and use of confidential information. Because laws applicable to personal information vary by country, our apartments or other business operations may put in place additional measures that vary depending on the applicable legal requirements.
E-mail community, survey and other such non-booking information is used only for the purpose for which the information was collected and is not used for direct marketing or shared with other companies. The personal information you provide to us for making a purchase is made available to the applicable/appropriate agency/authority for the purpose of processing your order. If you cancel your booking, the information is stored for record-keeping purposes only and is not accessed again. After experiencing our services and after their completion, the information you provide may be used for direct marketing by us.
Disclosure of Information and Opt-Out
Travel & Visa Pro will not sell, trade, rent or release such information to entities outside of our family of companies, for their use without your approval and giving you the opportunity to opt-out.
Cookies
Our website makes only limited use of “cookie” technology. “Cookies” are strings of text that a website transmits to a user’s computer. Cookies enable a website to keep track of a user’s preferences and activities relating to that website. Our website creates a temporary cookie for each visit in order to facilitate your visit. Our cookies expire automatically after you leave our website. These cookies transmit no information about you or your computer back to Travel & Visa Pro. If you do not wish to receive these cookies, you may set your browser to reject the cookies (consult the instructions for your particular browser on how to do this). Please be away that turning off cookies may affect your ability to perform certain transactions on our website.
Links to Other Sites
If you choose to leave Travel & Visa Pro site via links to other non-TravelVisaPro sites, including those of advertisers, we are not responsible for the privacy policies or content of those sites, nor we are responsible for the cookies those sites might deposit on your hard drive.
Email Opt-In / Opt-Out
It is our intention to only send you e-mail communications that will be useful to you and that you want to receive. When you sign-up to our Emailing list, and provide your e-mail address, we will periodically contact you via e-mail and provide information about special offers and promotions that may be of interest to you.
If you do not wish to receive e-mail with updates and information please unsubscribe here. In addition, every time you receive an e-mail you will be provided the choice to opt-out of future e-mails.
Legal Issues
This is the United States Web site and is subject to the United States and the State of Georgia law. Travel & Visa Pro will disclose personal information without your permission when required by law, or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to our guests, visitors, employees, or property (including the Site), or to others.
Privacy Statement Changes
In the future, we may need to change the privacy statement for www.TravelVisaPro.com, www.RussianVisaGuide.com, www.RedEmpireStay.com and/or www.ApartmentInRussia.com. All changes will be made here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
Conclusion
At Travel & Visa Pro, we are committed to protecting your privacy and creating a safe and secure online environment for anyone who visits and books on our Site. We hope this privacy statement has been helpful to you. We will be glad to answer your questions about the privacy policy; just contact our customer service.
Legal & Copyright
The content and information displayed on this web site (“Travel & Visa Pro Information”) is the property of Travel & Visa Pro (“Travel & Visa Pro “) and/or other parties. The downloading, reproduction, or retransmission of Travel & Visa Pro Information, other than for non-commercial individual use, is strictly prohibited.
Internet sites of Travel & Visa Pro may contain or reference trademarks, patents, copyrighted materials, trade secrets, technologies, products, processes or other proprietary rights of Travel & Visa Pro and/or other parties. No license to or right in any such trademarks, patents, copyrighted materials, trade secrets, technologies, products, processes and other proprietary rights of Travel & Visa Pro and/or other parties is granted to or conferred upon you.
You agree that you will not use any device, software or other instrumentality to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of our site, and that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. In addition, you agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained herein, without the prior express consent from an authorized Travel & Visa Prorepresentative (such consent is deemed given for standard search engine technology employed by Internet search websites to direct Internet users to this site).
This site may provide you with the ability to use usernames, passwords, or other codes or devices to gain access to restricted portions of this site (“access codes”). The content contained in such restricted areas is confidential to Travel & Visa Pro, and is provided to you for your personal use only. We prohibit the use of such access codes on your behalf by third parties where we determine that such use interferes with our site’s operation or results in commercial benefits for other entities to our detriment.
ALL TRAVELVISAPRO INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
With respect to all communications you make to Travel & Visa Pro y regarding Travel & Visa ProInformation, including but not limited to feedback, questions, comments, suggestions and the like: (a) you shall have no right of confidentiality in your communications and Travel & Visa Pro shall have no obligation to protect your communications from disclosure; (b) Travel & Visa Pro shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute your communications to others without limitation; and (c) Travel & Visa Pro shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, content or techniques contained in your communications for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to the development, production and marketing of products and services that incorporate such information.
The Travel & Visa Pro information may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Travel & Visa Pro reserves the right to make changes, corrections and/or improvements to Travel & Visa Proinformation, and to the products and programs described in such information, at any time without notice.
If you choose to leave this Travel & Visa Pro site via links to other non-TravelVisaPro sites, including those of advertisers, Travel & Visa Pro is not responsible for the privacy policies of those sites or the cookies those sites use. In addition, because Travel & Visa Pro has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Travel & Visa Pro is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
This is the United States website and is subject to the United States and the State of Georgia law. Travel & Visa Pro will disclose any information regarding the use of this site including personal information pertaining to you without your permission when required by law, or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to Travel & Visa Pro customers, visitors, employees, or property (including this site), or to others.
Share
Share
Share
Share
Recent Posts
How to get delayed flight compensation in Russia?
What is Russia Famous For?
Things to Do in Russia
Things to Do in Moscow Russia
Best Places to Visit in Russia
If you got any questions
Call us now!
866-378-1722