http://rv8cars.com.au/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy for rv8cars.com.au
The privacy of our visitors to rv8cars.com.au is important to us.
At rv8cars.com.au we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit rv8cars.com.au, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Googles DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (interest based targeting). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses non personally identifiable information. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Share this...FacebookPinterestTwitterLinkedinStumbleUponTumblr
Search for:
ADSPages
4 Important Factors to Look For in Wedding Venues
A Buying Guide for Ovens
A Weighted Blanket’s Practical Purposes
About
An Elegant Eco-Friendly Alternative to Wrapping Hay
Appreciating the Value of Baling Twine
Choosing a BMW Service Centre in Adelaide
Choosing a High-Quality Child Care Centre
Choosing the Best SEO Services Has to Offer
Contact
Exploring the Prospect of Hiring a Family Lawyer
Facts About Air Conditioning: Things Every User Should Know
Giving Value to Pest and Building Inspections
Hire the Best Home Builder in Adelaide
Hiring a Lawyer for Family Law Matters
Home Builders Adelaide – What You Need to Know
How Do You Ideally Choose a Fencing Service?
How Do You Secure Outdoor Blinds In Adelaide?
How to Perform TV Antenna Installation
How to Properly Use a Soil PH Tester
How You’re Supposed to Benefit From Security Screen Doors
Importance of Keeping Your Roller Door in Excellent Condition
Important Things To Know About Antenna Installation Reviews
Making Sense Out of Hiring a Traffic Lawyer
Methods for Cleaning Evaporative Air Conditioner at Home
Opting for a Pro in Ducted Heating Installation
Our New and Improved Synthetic Grass – TermiTurf
Perth Document Management System
Privacy
Some Facts About the Climat Ducted Gas Heating
Stormwater-Quote-Adelaide – Find Out How You Can Protect Your Home From Hurricanes
The Advantages of Aluminium Windows
The Arguments in Favour of Working with and Paying for a Lawyer
The Considerations in Buying Men’s Shoes
The Perks and Value of Hiring a Web Copywriting Expert
The Perks of Having an Electrician on Call
The Perks of Having an Electrician on Call
The Purchase of Men’s Shoes Is No Cakewalk
Tips For Building Quality Joinery in Adelaide
Tips on Finding the Right Hip Surgeon @ Adelaide
Web Copywriting Perks Every Business Owner Should Acknowledge
What A Dentist Contributes To Your Well-Being
What a Pre-Purchase Building Inspection Means to a Construction Project
What Types of Scrap Metals Can be Sold?
What You Must Acknowledge in search of a Home Builder
What You Must Acknowledge in search of a Home Builder
Where to Find Makita MT Series Power Tools – Tools That Will Last Long
Why Adelaide Skip Hire?
Why Caregivers Must Enrol in an Aged Care Course
Why Is Asbestos Testing a Necessity?
Why Should You Contemplate on Hiring Web Designers?
Why You Should Put In Some Effort for LinkedIn Marketing
SOLD 1995 MG RV8 Convertible Classic Car for Sale in Louth Lincolnshire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aAqZmEWPmU
Recent Posts
The MG RV8 Cars
International Business Times AUFrance To Impose Virus Curfew After Lockdown, Including New Year's Eve December 10, 2020France to impose virus curfew after lockdown, including New Year's EveArgentine President Says He'll Get Russia Vaccine To Dispel Fears December 10, 2020Argentine president says he'll get Russia vaccine to dispel fearsDespite Historic Diversity, Biden Faces Pressure With Cabinet Picks December 10, 2020Despite historic diversity, Biden faces pressure with cabinet picks
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Nov