https://safetyservicesmanitoba.ca/privacy-policy/
The Impact Made that Day is Priceless! - I attended your Responsible Driver Workshop this past weekend and I wanted to pass along some feedback regarding my experience. I will be honest I was not looking...MOREExcellent Hands-On Approach to Training - I have been using Safety Services Manitoba for all of our employee and new hire training for years. The instructors are engaging with a hands-on approach to the training...MOREBasic Motorcycle Course: fantastic course - I just wanted to take a minute and comment on the Basic Motorcycle Training course. I have to say I’ve never enjoyed a training course so much in my life and I’ve...MORE“SSM Has Become Our Partner” -
Client testimonial sampled from our 2018 Client Satisfaction Survey.MORETraining Informs Policies and Procedures -
Client testimonial sampled from our 2018 Client Satisfaction Survey.MOREHigh Levels of Confidence with Quality Training -
Client testimonial sampled from our 2018 Client Satisfaction Survey.MORENecessary Skills to Find Suitable Jobs -
Client testimonial sampled from our 2018 Client Satisfaction Survey.MOREThanks and Praise to SSM Safety Consultants -
Client testimonial sampled from our 2018 Client Satisfaction Survey.MORE“Education and Training is of the Utmost Importance” -
Client testimonial sampled from our 2018 Client Satisfaction Survey.MORESafety Culture -
Client testimonial sampled from our 2018 Client Satisfaction Survey.MORE
Contact Us
ABOUT SSM
COVID -19
Our Team
Careers
Tools & Resources
Video Vault
Photo Gallery
Clients and Success Stories
Partners
FAQs
Testimonials
SAFE DRIVING COURSES
View Courses and Register
MPI Mandated Courses
All-Terrain Vehicle (ATV) and Utility Task Vehicle (UTV) Training
Corporate Snowmobile Training
Corporate Road Safety
Motorcycle Training
MPI Partnership
School Bus Driver Evaluations and Pre-Trip Assessments
Corporate Trailer Towing
OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY TRAINING
View Courses and Register
Live Remote Training
General Health and Safety Courses
Industrial Equipment Safety Training
Hearing and Respirator Fit Testing
Safety Leaders Training Series
Total Training Management
Train the Trainer
Certification Programs
Corporate Road Safety
Northern Manitoba Training
Online Safety Training
OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY CONSULTING
COVID-19 Recovery Safety Plan
Simplified Blueprint For Safety™
Professional Safety Consultant
Monthly Safety Maintenance Program
Auditing
COR™ Preparation & Ongoing Support
Safety Shutdown Services
Workplace Safety & Health Assessments
Safety Programs
Fire Safety Plans
SPECIAL EVENTS
**New** SSM Workshops
SSM Occupational Health and Safety Conference
Assembly of Manitoba Safety Professionals
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
MPI Partnership
Steps for Life
Free Safety Presentations – ATV and Snowmobile, Mature Driver
Babysitting Course
Privacy Policy
Last Revised: April 8, 2013
This Internet Website Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy“) governs your access and use of the website located at www.safetyservicesmanitoba.ca (the “Site”). Safety Services Manitoba (“SSM“) owns and operates the Site.
In this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means information about an identifiable individual, but does not include the name, title, or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization. “We” (and “us”, “our”, and “ours”) means SSM. “You” (and “yours”) means the user of the Site.
IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING.
1.            Acceptance of Terms
By accessing and continuing to use the Site, and by providing certain Personal Information to SSM through the Site, you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT ACCESS THE SITE OR PROVIDE PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE SITE.
2.            Modifications and Notices
SSM may revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting. SSM may provide notice to our users of such revisions by means of a general notice on the Site. Continued use of the Site after such revisions are posted will signify your agreement to the revised terms. Therefore, you should visit this page periodically to review this Privacy Policy.
3.            We Respect Your Privacy
SSM is committed to protecting the privacy of all of the users of the Site and maintaining the integrity of Personal Information that we collect, use, retain or disclose via the Site. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about how and why we collect Personal Information through the Site, to outline the steps we take to safeguard your Personal Information, and to provide you with contact information should you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices.
In addition, SSM has adopted a more comprehensive organizational Privacy Code, which is available upon request.
4.            General Information
The Site provides information intended to promote SSM’s products and services. Our Internet servers may passively and automatically collect certain information about website visitors’ traffic patterns, which may be linked to their Internet Protocol (IP) addresses (which are unique Internet “addresses” assigned to all Internet users by their Internet Service Providers). Server logs may record statistical information, such as visitors’ IP addresses, types of operating systems, time and duration of visit, pages requested, and identify categories of visitors by items such as domains and browser types. These statistics are generally collected and used on an aggregate basis.
Cookies: The Site may use “cookies”. Cookies are small text files offered to your computer by servers in order to keep track of your browser as you navigate a website. Cookies may be stored on your hard drive, or in temporary (cache) memory, in which case they are deleted when you shut down your browser or turn off your computer. We may use cookies to record session information, such as your browsing habits and past activity and to enable us to provide you with improved services, such as customized webpage content. Please consult your browser’s help function for information on how to disable cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies, certain features of the Site may not function properly.
Links to Third Party Websites: The Site may contain links to other websites that are provided as a convenience only, and which may have different privacy policies and practices than we do. We have no responsibility for these third party websites, and you are advised to review the privacy policies of any third party websites you choose to visit.
5.            What Personal Information Does SSM Collect and Why?
In the course of operating the Site, SSM has collected and collects Personal Information from individuals, including:
information you voluntarily submit to us, such as your email address or billing information;
information you voluntarily submit to us when you contact us, such as your comments, suggestions and feedback; and
information we may passively and automatically collect from you, such as your IP address, and other information about website visitors’ traffic patterns, as discussed above.
We collect this Personal Information for the following purposes:
to provide consistent, quality services and products, including occupational safety training and consulting, road safety courses and training, and community engagement programs;
to establish and maintain responsible relations with individuals;
to provide products and services to individuals;
to develop, enhance and market SSM’s products and services;
to manage and develop SSM’s operations, including personnel and employment matters;
to conduct investigations relating to breaches of agreements or contraventions of laws;
to meet legal and regulatory requirements, including to protect or defend a legal interest, and in connection with an actual or possible SSM corporate reorganization, merger or amalgamation with another entity, or an actual or possible sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of SSM, provided that the personal information disclosed continues to be used by the entity acquiring the personal information either for evaluation of the possible transaction, or, on completion of any transaction, for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy; or
to carry out any other purpose that an individual has authorized or that is required or permitted by law.
Further reference in this Privacy Policy to “Identified Purposes” means the reasons set forth above.
6.            Does SSM disclosure your Personal Information?
SSM does not disclose Personal Information to third parties for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with your consent or as required or permitted by law. In situations where we disclose Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy to third parties, we do not disclose more information than is required and, where it is reasonable and practical to do so, we enter into privacy agreements with third parties with whom we disclose Personal Information.
7.            How does SSM safeguard your Personal Information?
SSM protects Personal Information against risks, such as loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, modification or destruction, through appropriate security measures.  SSM protects Personal Information regardless of the format in which it is held.  All employees of SSM with access to Personal Information are required, as a condition of employment or engagement, to respect the confidentiality of Personal Information and the obligations set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We will keep Personal Information for as long as is necessary for us to fulfill the Identified Purposes or, in limited circumstances, for as long as we are required by law.
8.            Your Consent/Verifying and Amending Personal Information
You may withdraw your consent for SSM to manage your Personal Information in a particular way, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. However, this may limit our ability to provide you with certain services and/or products. You may contact SSM for more information regarding the implications of withdrawing consent.
You can typically access and review your Personal Information held by SSM and make appropriate changes to it by contacting SSM. You may be required to put your request in writing and show us identification. The reason we ask for identification is to ensure that, among other things, we do not unintentionally change or release your Personal Information to a third party who is representing him/her as you.
For more information regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact the SSM Privacy Officer at:
SSM Privacy Officer
3-1680 Notre Dame Avenue
Winnipeg, Manitoba
R3H 1H6
Phone: 204 949-1085
E-mail:  lalfred@safetyservicesmanitoba.ca
You may update or make changes to your Personal Information maintained by us by writing to or e-mailing SSM at the addresses provided above. In addition, you may request access to, or correction of, your Personal Information by writing to or e-mailing SSM at the addresses provided above.
9.            Resolving Your Concerns
If you would like more information about SSM’s privacy practices, including a copy of SSM’s Privacy Code, or if you would like to better understand and verify what Personal Information we have collected about you, please contact the SSM Privacy Officer. Please let us know about your questions or concerns and we will do our best to help you.
Occupational Safety Training CalendarRECENT TWEETS
Tweets by @SafetyServMB
CONTACT SAFETY SERVICES MANITOBA
Tel: 204.949.1085
Toll-free: 1.800.661.3321
Fax: 204.956.2897
3-1680 Notre Dame Avenue
Winnipeg, MB, R3H 1H6
registrar@safetyservicesmanitoba.ca
PRIVACY POLICY
REPORT A PROBLEM
SITE MAP
LOGIN
E-NEWS SIGNUP