https://sapworld.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Skip to content
Primary
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Search for:
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://sapworld.ca.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Comments are closed, but trackbacks and pingbacks are open.
Primary Sidebar
Search for:
Recent Posts
Wow
Interesting Facts
Recipes
About Us I earn my Bachelors Degree in Commerce major in Economics in the Philippines. When I was in British Columbia my husband and I have our own janitorial business ABC Building Maintenance Ltd. which we employed 11 people in our payroll.
In 1993 we decided to sell our business and our house and we moved to St. John’s, NL.
which we find the people are very friendly, accommodating, and beautiful province to raise three children. I started my live-in caregiver business Newfoundland Domestic Services for a few years. In 2002 I closed the business and I went to upgrade my education at the College of the North Atlantic in Prince Philip Drive and took up Business Management – Human Resources Management. I earn my Diploma in June 2006. The same year I pursue my Post Diploma Program and took up International Business Management ( FITT) at the College of the North Atlantic in Burin Arm Campus, Burin Peninsula and I graduated in May 2007.
After graduation I was very busy writing and preparing for my business plan. In September 2007, I started and open my own business International Caregiver Services Ltd. In this business I recruit overseas live-in caregivers/child care providers to come to Newfoundland to work in a private home taking care of the elderly/seniors, disabled care, childcare care, and special needs care. This is under the Citizenship Immigration Canada “ Live in Caregiver Program “ which is a federal program and started in 1982.
Last February 2008, I applied at the Centre for International Business at MUN for Export Internship for Trade Graduates funded by ACOA. I landed a job for Sap World Co. Ltd. And now I am the Senior Export Agent. My main task includes: 1) Knowledge in the Market Research; 2) Implementation of Export Plan; 3) Sales / Support; 4) Start again with Quality Assurance Plan.
Our main focus at the moment is to develop our current products to their maximum potential. We are focusing on getting our products into the national and international market, particularly Asia, where birch sap is already well known as a beverage. Our long term goals would be to eventually have our own winery and plant where we can produce our current product ourselv
Copyright © 2020 Sap World