https://sarl.ca/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy/Security Policy
This site is operated by the Saskatchewan Amateur Radio League, Inc. (hereafter referred as "the operator or SARL"). Our website address is https://www.sarl.ca
The operator recognizes that respecting user privacy over the Internet is of utmost importance.
This privacy statement is designed to provide information about the privacy and data collection practices for the Saskatchewan Amateur Radio  League (SARL)  site.
Identifying Information
In general, you can visit the site without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself. In some areas of the site, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to offer services, assist you with technical support issues or to follow up with you. Generally, the operator requests identifying information when you:
1. Provide feedback to an online survey or tell us about an idea or suggestion.
2. Submit a form or registration.
In these instances, SARL will ask for your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and other appropriate information needed to provide you with these services. In all instances, if you receive a newsletter or other mailing from us, you will always be able to "unsubscribe" to these mailings at any time.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
Data Security
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Transport Layer Security (TLS) also commonly known as Secure Socket Layer.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information, i.e. when a user places an order; enters, submits or accesses their information.
Contact Forms
We store user input data sent through the contact forms on this website, along with meta information about the submissions, including the time stamp, the origin IP address and the user agent (browser).
We use the contact form to manage contact form submissions. The information is sent as email messages that only a select few are allowed to access. The information is also stored in the database on our hosting server for backup and later reference purposes.
We don’t set a particular time limit on storing information because we need it for future reference. If you want your information to be removed from our database, please contact us. We will remove it anytime there are concerns about your privacy.
We do not share information with other parties, although we do use some WordPress plugins on this website that may pass data, including personal information, to external servers to process, such as Akismet Anti-Spam or Jetpack by WordPress.com.
What we will do with your information.
If you choose to give us personal information for any of the purposes above, this information is retained by the operator and will only be used by the operator to support your customer relationship with us.
We will not add you to a mailing list, or newsletter without your explicit registration for such service.
We will only contact you if further information is required from you to complete a service.
What Others May Do With Your Information.
We do not share, rent, or sell any personally identifying information provided through our site to any outside organization for use in its marketing or solicitations.
Non-Identifiable Information
We will not share aggregate information about our members and our web site visitors to any advertisers, business partners, and other third parties.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a do not track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It is also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking through third- party analytic tracking software. No personally identifiable information is tracked as your IP address is "anonymized".
Third Party Links
Our website does provide links to other sites. Other Internet sites and services have separate privacy and data collection practices. Once you leave SARL, we cannot control, and have no responsibility for, the privacy policies or data collection activities at another site.
Children's Privacy Protection
We are sensitive to the heightened need to protect the privacy of children under the age of 18. Saskatchewan Amateur Radio League does not knowingly collect data from children and, if we learn that we have received personal data from a child, we will remove this information from our database.
Changes to this Policy
We may from time to time revise this privacy policy. You should therefore periodically visit this page, so you are aware of any such revisions. We will not, however, use your existing information in a manner not previously disclosed. You will be advised and have the opportunity to opt out of any new use of your information.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, or the practices of our web site, you can email us at vlemko40@gmai.com or contact us via our online contact page.
Our entire website uses a TLS (formerly known as SSL) technology from start to finish to protect you and your information.
Please CLICK HERE if you wish to download the Privacy Policy