https://schneblywinery.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy PolicyAdministrador2020-08-31T18:18:14-05:00
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us on our site.
I. What kind of information do we collect from you when you visit our site?
When you visit schneblywinery.com, our stats package from Google collects some basic information about your browser. Examples are things like what type of browser and operating system are you using; how long did you stay on our site; what pages did you look at. This helps us understand how visitors browse our site, so that we can make their shopping experience better.
We also collect personal information about you when you check out of our store such as your name, address, postal code, phone number, etc. We need this information to process payment and ship merchandise to you.
II. Sharing of personal information – we don’t do it.
Under no circumstances will we share any personal information that we collect with any third parties or web sites. All the information you give us is completely private and used solely for order processing and shipping. If you give us permission to send you marketing emails then we use your email for that purpose, but never does that email get sold or distributed to any other web site or list.
III. Newsletter Opt-Out.
If you have chosen to opt into our newsletter or marketing emails and decide to opt out, we have a simple unsubscribe form that will let you get off our email list. Also, under the member area, you will find a simple form to unsubscribe.
IV. Consumer inquiries and privacy.
If you have any questions about your privacy, or want to make changes to your profile, or get off our marketing list, simply send us an email.
V. Protecting your information.
All the payment information we collect is done so under SSL – a standard internet security measure. Any data that we store about you is kept behind a secure firewall in our database and is not accessible to the public in any way.
HOME
About Us
Privacy Police
Terms Of Use
Returns & Cancellations
ADDRESS 30205 SW 217th Ave
Homestead Florida 33030
Email: info@schneblywinery.com
T: (305) 242-1224
Business Hours
Monday Noon – 5pm
Tuesday Noon – 5pm
Wednesday Noon – 5pm
Thursday 11:30am – 5pm
Friday 11am-11pm
Saturday 11am – 11pm
Sunday 11am – 8pm
SubscribeSOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook
Instagram
© copy; 2020. All Rights Reserved
Shop Wines
Red Wines
White Wines
Rosé Wines
Sparkling Wines
Dessert Wines
Wine Club
Gifts
Wine Tastings & Tours
Wine Tasting
Tours
Wine Tasting & Tour Package
Virtual Wine Tasting
Beer Tasting Taproom
Merchandise
GIFTS
Movies
Weddings
Visit Us
Holiday parties
Gallery
Blog
Groupon
Our Restaurant
The Redlander Restaurant
Menu
Restaurant Table Reservation Deposit
Contact Us
Events Calendar
Log InRegister
We ship to: Arizona, California, Florida, Missouri, North Carolina, New York, Texas, Washington DC* & Wyoming.
Dismiss