http://scoobyworld.co.uk/catalog/privacy.php?osCsid=lbga9pn7ovl4gqcv6dn7kb2p54
Home
|
Login
|
Servicing
|
Contact us
enquiries@scoobyworld.co.uk
Home
Servicing
Special Offers
My Account
Feedback
Photos
Contact
Existing customer?
or create an account
BrakesCar CoversClutchesEngine PerformanceExhaustsInterior - Gauges, Mats etcMudflapsServicing PartsStylingSuspensionSubaru PartsSubaru TuningWheel NutsWiper Blades* Gift Vouchers *MiscWorkshopCLEARANCEFREE StuffCatalogue
Information
Terms and Conditions Privacy Notice
Home>Privacy & Cookies Notice
Privacy & Cookies Notice
At Scoobyworld we are committed to safeguarding and respecting the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
WHO WE ARE
Scoobyworld Ltd is the data controller in respect of personal information that we process in connection with our business (including the products and services that we provide). In this notice, references to we, us or our are references to Scoobyworld Ltd.
Our address is Scoobyworld Ltd, Unit 2 Prince William Way, Loughborough, Leicestershire, LE11 5DD.
Our contact telephone number is 01509 266 400 and our email is enquiries@scoobyworld.co.uk
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect and store the following information
- Your name and title
- Contact information including email address and contact number
- Information about your computer, your visits to this website, your browser version and type, referral source, length of visit and page view and navigation through our website.
- Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
- Other information relevant to surveys and/or offers
- Information regarding transactions carried out between you are us.
- Information regarding subscribing to our website services, email notifications and newsletters
- Any additional information that you choose to send us
USING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the information we collect for the following reasons
- Processing of orders and administration of our website order system including sending you goods ordered.
- Sending you email newsletters regarding our products and services if you have opted in to our newsletter service and shopping cart reminders
- Collect payment from you for orders placed
- Deal with product or service enquiries made by you.
- Internal record keeping.
- Perform general, financial and regulatory accounting and reporting. Protect our legal rights and interests.
- To improve our products and services.
- If you are signed up to our newsletter service, to send you regular newsletters via email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your information to our suppliers or subcontractors (such as courier a company) in order to process and fulfil your order with us.
We only disclose information that is absolutely necessary to fulfil your order, this may include your name, address, contact details and order details.
If you have opted in to our newsletter system we will disclose your email address and name to Mail Chimp whose services we use to provide our newsletters .
You can opt out of this system at any time by either clicking the unsubscribe option in the newsletter emails or by contacting us to instruct us to remove you from our email list.
We do not sell or lease your information to third parties.
CART REMINDERS BY PAYPAL
Cart Reminders is a secure service from PayPal that makes checkout with PayPal even faster. With Cart Reminders, you’ll get a copy of your shopping cart contents by email, making it easy and convenient to revisit and purchase an item. When the service recognizes that you are a PayPal customer, it will securely look up the email address associated with your PayPal account.
You’ll receive up to 3 email reminders of your shopping cart directly from PayPal. You can cancel future reminders by clicking on the cancel link provided in each email. We will not share your email address.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information to the extent that we are required to do so by law.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
All transactions placed upon our website are protected by encryption technology.
You are responsible for keeping your login details including name and password secure.
You will require your password to log into our website, aside from this we will never ask you for your password.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to instruct us to provide you with any information we hold about you, once we have confirmation of your identity, such as a photocopy of passport or utility bill showing current address
You have the right to instruct that information we hold on you, such as your account on our website it removed.
Our newsletter system is an opt in process and you can be removed from this list at any time by clicking the unsubscribe option within the newsletter or as an alternative contact us to instruct us to remove you from the newsletter system
KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION UP TO DATE
You can update the information we hold on you at any time by contacting us or by logging into the account on our website
AMENDENTS TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to update this policy as and when required and the current version will be available upon our website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may have links to other websites. Once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website, policies or practices and so
cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
FURTHER INFORMATION
Should you have any questions regarding this policy please either write to us via email at enquiries@scoobyworld.co.uk or by post to Scoobyworld Ltd, Unit 2 Prince William Way, Loughborough, LE11 5DD
COOKIES AND HOW WE USE THEM
A cookie is a file which asks permission to be placed on your computers hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics generates information about our website use by means of cookies, which are stored on your computers. The information generated is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Googles privacy policy is available via their website
You can control the use of cookies provided via your browsers settings option.
Continue
Contact
Scoobyworld Limited
Unit 2 Prince William Way.
Loughborough, Leicestershire LE11 5DD
Email: enquiries@scoobyworld.co.uk
Company Number 04682529
Information
Home
Servicing
Special Offers
My Account
Feedback
Photos
Contact
Privacy Notice
Copyright © 2020 Subaru WRX STI Performance Parts | Scoobyworld eCommerce development by Holbi
Site design by
www.dynamik-creative.co.uk
Your Basket...Basket Summary 0 items
I'm a guest
You can create an account later if you wish
login
E-Mail Address:
Password:
Password forgotten?Click here
Or
Shopping Basket
or