https://scouts.nz/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.scouts.nz.
SCOUTS New Zealand is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the SCOUTS New Zealand site and governs data collection and usage. By using the SCOUTS New Zealand site, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
SCOUTS New Zealand collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number.
SCOUTS New Zealand also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests, and favourites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by SCOUTS New Zealand.
This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses.
This information is used by SCOUTS New Zealand for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the SCOUTS New Zealand site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through SCOUTS New Zealand public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
Note: SCOUTS New Zealand does not read any of your private online communications.
SCOUTS New Zealand encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from SCOUTS New Zealand so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information.
SCOUTS New Zealand is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the SCOUTS New Zealand and SCOUTS New Zealands’ family of websites.
Use of your Personal Information
SCOUTS New Zealand collects and uses your personal information to operate the SCOUTS New Zealand website and deliver the services you have requested.
SCOUTS New Zealand also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from SCOUTS New Zealand and its affiliates.
SCOUTS New Zealand may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
SCOUTS New Zealand does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
SCOUTS New Zealand may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you.
In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
In addition, SCOUTS New Zealand may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to SCOUTS New Zealand, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
SCOUTS New Zealand does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
SCOUTS New Zealand keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within SCOUTS New Zealand, in order to determine what SCOUTS New Zealand services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within SCOUTS New Zealand to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
SCOUTS New Zealand websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on SCOUTS New Zealand or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of SCOUTS New Zealand; and (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of SCOUTS New Zealand, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The SCOUTS New Zealand website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page.
For example, if you personalize SCOUTS New Zealand pages, or register with SCOUTS New Zealand site or services, a cookie helps SCOUTS New Zealand to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same SCOUTS New Zealand web page, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the SCOUTS New Zealand features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the SCOUTS New Zealand services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
SCOUTS New Zealand secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
SCOUTS New Zealand secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
SCOUTS New Zealand will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback.
SCOUTS New Zealand encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how SCOUTS New Zealand is protecting your information.
Contact Information
SCOUTS New Zealand welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that SCOUTS New Zealand has not adhered to this Statement, please contact SCOUTS New Zealand at  reception@scouts.nz.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.