http://scuba.com/resources/security_and_privacy.aspx
Leave Your Feedback to let us know how we are doing.
Customer Service
Customer Service
Contact UsFAQShipping PolicyReturnsPrivacy
Contact Us
FAQ
Shipping Policy
Returns
Privacy
Privacy
Your Privacy Is Our Top Priority
If you shop at scuba.com and place your orders exclusively through scuba.com, any personal information that you may share with us is kept absolutely private.
Your privacy is important to us. By participating in the Council of Better Business Bureau's BBBOnLine Privacy Program we have made a commitment to meet the programs' strict requirements regarding how we treat your information and have it verified by BBBOnLine. Further information about this program is available at bbb.org.
What Information do we collect?
We collect two types of information about its visitors: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our site. To learn how we keep your personal information safe and secure, please see our Security Statement.
Personally Identifiable Information:
This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. Personal information is requested when you order a product or service, request a Catalog or email newsletter, and send us feedback. For example, this information might include your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card or other payment information, and product details. With this information, scuba.com can fill your orders and better provide you with personalized services.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about you based upon where you shop on our site in several ways. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. For example, this information may include the Web site's Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol ("TCP/IP") network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks like the Web use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web, allowing web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.
How do we use the information?
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide scuba.com's visitors with a superior customized online experience. We use the customer contact information to fill orders, contact purchasers to inform them of their order status, to send promotional information, to enhance the operation of our site and administer our systems.
We use cookies in the operation of our site; read more below.
How to update or correct your Information?
We believe you should have the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to us. During the online ordering process you can review, change, or delete the information that you have submitted. You may change any of your personal information in your account online at any time. We encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. Also, as a security measure we "back up" the data stored on our systems, and such prior information cannot be completely removed from our databases. As a result, you should not expect that all of your Personally Identifiable Information will be completely removed from our backed-up databases.
Marketing
From time to time you may receive Scuba special fliers via postal mail or e-mail notification of specials that may be of interest to you. E-mail recipients can opt-out from our e-mail listings by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided with every promotional email we send out. Registrants may also opt-out of receiving materials from us at any time by contacting us with such request.
To opt out, please contact us. Include your name, address, and other information as it appears on the mailing label, and indicate "Do not mail".
A special note about children's privacy
You must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this site. Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about visitors under 18 years of age. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor under 18 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us so that we may delete the minor's information.
Cookies
When you use our site we will store cookies on your computer in order to facilitate and customize your use of our site. A cookie is a small data text file, which a Web site stores on your computer's hard drive (if your Web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to scuba.com. The cookies make your use of the site easier, allow you to retrieve an earlier shopping cart, make the site run more smoothly and help us to maintain a secure site. You will be unable to shop on our site without your browser set to accept cookies. If you are a "cookieñphobe," you can tell your browser to erase all cookies at the end of a session.
Contacting us about privacy questions or concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us by sending a letter to: 1781 Newport Blvd, Suite A & BCosta Mesa CA 92627
Give Us A Call
Questions? We’re happy to help! Call us at 1.800.34.SCUBA
Chat Now
Need help or have product questions? Chat with an expert.
Email Us
For help with an order or for any questions at all, email us anytime.
Visit Our Shop
Check out our new store for shopping, services, and repairs.
Just added to your wishlist:
My Wishlist
Continue
You've just added this product to the cart:
Go to cart page
Continue
Continue
Wishlist
×
Product
Price
Quantity
Options
#title#
#price#
×
Comparing box
×
Features
Availability:
Price
Options
Actions