https://scwa.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 12/5/2018 and is effective as of this date.
Acceptance of policy as condition of using www.scwa.org
It is important for you to know the Privacy Policy of South Carolina Waterfowl Association (SCWA) before using any feature of the www.scwa.org website. By using the website, you indicate your consent to the collection and use of information as outlined in the policy. This policy does not cover information collected on sites linked the web site. You should check each website to learn its privacy policy, because that website’s policy may significantly differ from the South Carolina Waterfowl Association’s policy. South Carolina Waterfowl Association is not responsible for privacy policies, practices or content of other websites you may visit.
Collection and use of personal information
We collect as much information as we can about SCWA members and visitors who use the web site, including but not limited to the following information:
The user’s name, address, phone number and e-mail address
The user’s South Carolina Waterfowl Association membership number
Tracking information about which pages users access and utilize
Information volunteered by the user, such as survey information
Children’s use of our site
Children under 13 years of age should not submit any personal information on our site. SCWA does not knowingly collect or use any information from children under the age of 13.
Cookies
Cookies are bits of electronic information that a web site operator can transfer to your hard drive to help tailor and keep records of your visit to the site. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet and many web sites use them. Cookies allow us to better customize your visits to our site to your individual preferences. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can usually change your browser to prevent that or notify you whenever you’re sent a cookie. This gives you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. Even without accepting a cookie, you can still access most of the features on our site.
Sharing information
South Carolina Waterfowl Association reserves the right to use, distribute, sell, rent and share all of the information it gathers through the web site, including personally identifiable information, for any and all purposes. Without limiting the foregoing, South Carolina Waterfowl Association routinely uses the information for its own marketing, promotional and membership activities; South Carolina Waterfowl Association also may share the information with its corporate partners and with interested third parties, who may use the information for their own sales, marketing and promotional activities, and who may have privacy policies that differ from SCWA.
South Carolina Waterfowl Association may also disclose information to respond to legal requirements or requests, enforce our policies, and protect the rights, property and safety of SCWA. Such information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
Modifications to our privacy policy
At its sole discretion, SCWA may change its policy, with or without prior notice to you. When we do make changes, we will post those changes on the web site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the web site. Please check the policy from time to time so that you may be aware of any changes.
The web site is maintained by South Carolina Waterfowl Association; 9833 Old River Road, Pinewood, SC 29125.