https://secure.thinkreservations.com/rockandriver/reservations/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home | Directions
Adirondack Rock and River Guide Service | P.O. Box 219 | Keene, NY 12942 | (518) 576-2041
Home
Why the Adirondacks?
Lodging
Overview
Individual Rooms & Rates
Group Rentals & Rates
Camping & Lean-tos
Lodging Policies & FAQ
Guiding Services
Overview
Meet Our Guides
Rock Climbing
General Info
Private Guiding
Group Instruction
Backcountry Adventures
Ice Climbing
General Info
Ice Report
Private Guiding
Group Instruction
Ice Park
Backcountry Adventures
Hiking, Slides, & Snowshoeing
Guiding Policies & FAQ
Testimonials
Directions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Our MissionAt Adirondack Rock and River, we are dedicated to protecting your privacy and safeguarding your personally identifiable information.Information CollectionOur main purpose in collecting your personal information is to provide you with a streamlined experience in making reservations at Adirondack Rock and River. We only collect information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this. Personally identifiable information is only obtained when making a reservation. All identifiable information provided will not be disclosed to anyone unless we are specifically requested to do so. Adirondack Rock and River does not give or sell to anyone any information we collect on our site.We sometimes use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Site to measure effectiveness and safety. A "cookie" is a small file that gets placed on your harddrive that helps us provide our services. You are free to decline cookies if you choose too.SecurityAt Adirondack Rock and River, we take security seriously. When users make a reservation we use every precaution to safe guard it online and offline.Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.Policy ModificationsAdirondack Rock and River may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time in order to meet changes in the regulatory environment, business needs, or to satisfy the needs of our guests, properties, strategic marketing partners, and service providers.
Twitter not configured.
Lodging
Individual Rooms
Group Rentals
Camping and Lean-tos
Check Availability Now!
Privacy Policy
Guiding
Rock Climbing
Ice Climbing
Hiking, Slides, & Snowshoeing
Medical Form
Waiver
Contact Us
Rock and River
PO Box 219
Keene, NY
12942
518-576-2041
moc/revirdnakcor//de
© Rock and River