https://servicepub.com/terms-of-service-and-privacy-policy
Servicepub.com
Proudly serving the global militaria community since 1991.
Shop Now
Privacy Statement
Service Publications
Service Publications (SP) is committed to respecting the personal privacy of individuals who visit our web-site. This statement summarizes the privacy policy and practices on the servicepub.com web-site.
All personal information held or collected by SP is protected under the federal Privacy Act .
The SP web-site does not automatically gather any specific personal information from you, such as your name, phone number or e-mail address. We would only obtain this type of information if you supply it voluntarily by sending us an e-mail, joining our ‘membership’ program or registering in a secure portion of the site prior to making an on-line purchase.
SP employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. This software receives and records the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer that has contacted our Web site, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
SP does not normally use “cookies” to track how our visitors use this site or to determine sites previously visited. (A “cookie” is a file that may be placed on your hard drive without your knowledge by a Web site to allow it to monitor your use of the site.) Cookies are required to place items in the ‘shopping cart’ and to complete an on-line sale.
Information on individual visitors is used by SP employees who need to know the information in order to respond to your request or to ensure the security of this system. We only share “ship to” information you provie if purchase selection is to be drop-shipped by another publisher/distributor. We do not use the information to create individually identifiable profiles, nor do we disclose this information to anyone.
In the process of completing an on-line purchase you will interact with two outside service providers. The first  – DXcart – will store cookies and will obtain from the client their name, mailing and billing address and their e-mail addresses. The second service provider – PSIGate – provides credit card merchant services. Additional information is as follows;
Information Collected
The shopping cart provider is Dxcart.com.  They collect information to allow an on-line purchaser to place specific items into an electronic shopping cart and to calculate total costs including taxes and freight.
The DXcart computer is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information about its visitors. It does recognize the home server of visitors, but not e-mail addresses. For example, it can tell which Internet Service Provider it’s visitors use, but not the names, addresses or other information about it’s visitors that would allow DXcart to identify the particular visitors to it’s sites. This information is used only for internal purposes by DXcart technical support staff.
In addition, their web-sites track information about the visits to it’s web-sites. For example, they compile statistics that show the daily number of visitors to our (SP) site, the daily requests received for particular files on our web-site, and what countries those requests come from. These aggregated statistics are used internally to better provide services to the public and may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
Cardholder Provided Information
To complete an on-line purchase the contents of the Dxcart shopping cart are ‘handed-off’ to the merchant services provider, InternetSecure.com. Electronic purchase service requires that cardholders provide contact information (including without limitation: name, address, city, state or province, postal code, country, telephone and email), and financial information (including without limitation: name on credit card, credit card number and expiry date), and ordering information. This information is collected by PSIGate and used to process the transaction and for internal accounting and other procedures.
Information Automatically Collected
PSIGate’s web-site keeps track of usage data, such as the source address that a page request is coming from, your IP address or domain name, the date and time of the page request, the referring Web site (i.e. Service Publications) and other parameters in the URL. The IP addresses collected on their electronic purchase service are linked to personally identifiable information. This is collected in order to combat fraud during the purchase process. PSIGate also uses this data to better understand web-site usage in the aggregate. Automatically collected information is also used for the same purposes as cardholder supplied and merchant supplied information.
Sharing of Information
Certain information submitted through InternetSecure’s electronic purchase service (excluding credit card numbers) is shared with Service Publications, from whom the cardholder is purchasing the products / services, so that SP can fulfill the order. Information is also shared with other parties necessary to complete credit card transactions, including, without limitation, companies related to InternetSecure, credit card companies, credit card clearing houses and processors, and financial institutions.
InternetSecure acts as an intermediary between the merchant and a user’s credit card company. The parties mentioned in the above paragraph, and not InternetSecure, are responsible for their own privacy polices and for maintaining privacy and confidentiality for all information InternetSecure provides them. If a user has any questions or concerns about the privacy policies of those parties, it must contact such parties.
Except for the above parties, and for use by PSIGate’s consultants and professional advisers on PSIGate’s behalf for the uses disclosed herein, PSIGate does not share personal information with any other third parties. PSIGate may, however, provide to third parties aggregate or statistical information that does not disclose personally identifiable information.
No information sent to PSIGate via email or the website inquiry form is used for any other reason than to respond to and maintain a record of the inquiry. This information is not sent to third parties or retained for mailing list purposes.
Security
InternetSecure takes measures to protect and keep information secure. Our Merchants’ area, application form and electronic purchase service are secured with SSL encryption. Verisign has supplied us with digital certificates for our Web sites. All information collected by InternetSecure is held offline, secured via SSL encryption, and protected by a firewall. Whenever sensitive information is transmitted to InternetSecure through our Web site, such as a credit card number, our server provides 128-bit encryption of the information as it travels across the Internet. InternetSecure restricts internal access to personal information to selected members of InternetSecure’s staff.
The Way We Use Information
Service Publications and it’s service providers, Dxcart and InternetSecure, use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
Finally, Service Publications never uses or shares the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by sending an email request to sales@servicepub.com We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at
Questions or comments regarding this policy, or the administration of the Privacy Act by Service Publications, may be directed to Service Publications, we are located at 1884 Danforth Avenue, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. We can be reached at  647 436 0876 or armyoutfitters@rogers.com If you are not satisfied with our response to your privacy concern.
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
https://www.facebook.com/militaryantiquestoronto/