http://sfgamworld.com/section.php?page=privacypolicy
HOME
FORUMS
PHOTOS
VIDEOS
RIDES
WATERPARK
RIDE STATUS
New for 2019
Ride Status
Latest News
Roller Coasters
Rides
Water Slides
Water Attractions
SFGAmWorld.com Privacy Policy
We can be reached via e-mail at:
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the visitors web browser.
We also use cookies to store members preferences in our forums.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages in our forums, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings in our chat areas, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to:
-Improve the content of our Web page
-Customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor
-Notify visitors about updates to our Web site
Any information collected WILL NOT be shared with any organizations for commercial purpose.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit Network Advertising.
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright Disclaimer
E-Mail SFGAmWorld
COPYRIGHT
- 2019 SFGAmWorld.com
All
content and images on this site are Copyright 2001 - 2019 SFGAmWorld.com
and may not be used without permission.
This is NOT the official site of Six Flags Great America,
SFGAmWorld.com is not affilated or endorsed by Six Flags Great America.
SFGAmWorld.com does not make any guarantee on the accuracy of the information
on this website and cannot be held responsible by the use of this information.
SIX FLAGS and all related indicia are trademarks of Six Flags Theme
Parks Inc. , TM and  2019. The official Six Flags site can
be found at SixFlags.com
BATMAN, SUPERMAN and all related characters and elements are trademarks
of  DC Comics.
LOONEY TUNES and all related characters and elements are trademarks
of and  Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.
2019
The Wiggles Pty Ltd. SCOOBY-DOO
and all related characters and elements are trademarks of and 
Hanna-Barbera.
Administrator Control Panel
>