https://shantytown.co.nz/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit https://shantytown.co.nz (the “Site”).Who we areWe are a tourism park located on the West Coast of New Zealand, consisting of a reconstructed 19th century gold mining village and museum.Our website address is: https://shantytown.co.nz.Company name: Shantytown Heritage Park.Location: Rutherglen Road, Paroa, Greymouth 7805, New ZealandEmail: office@shantytown.co.nzPhone: +64 3 762 6634PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECTDEVICE INFORMATIONWhen you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”We collect Device Information using the following technologies:1. “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.2. “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.3. “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.CONTACT FORM INFORMATIONPersonal details entered into contact forms are emailed to us. We keep these submissions for a certain period for customer service purposes, but do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes. We call this information “Contact Form Information”.HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?We use the Contact Form Information that we collect to communicate with you.We use the Device Information that we collect to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe share your Personal Information with Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.We may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.YOUR RIGHTSIf you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe.DATA RETENTIONWhen you complete the contact form, we will maintain your details for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.Embedded ContentArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.) from other websites. Embedded content behaves in exactly the same way as if you had visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.CONTACT USFor more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at office@shantytown.co.nz.