https://sheldrakepoint.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to Main Content
Privacy
Wine Specific Conditions
Terms of Use
Welcome to our website
By browsing and using this website, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which govern Sheldrake Point Winery's relationship with you in the context of this website.
The terms “Sheldrake Point Winery,” “us,” and “we” refer to the owner of the website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of the website.The content contained in the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services, or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense. From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States.
Privacy
PrivacyWe ensure that our customers’ personal information is kept private and confidential, and we are committed to maintaining that privacy by safeguarding all account, transaction, and personal information. Such information is considered confidential and non-public.We do not, under any circumstances, share, sell, or trade your personal information – email addresses, information collected as part of a survey, or specific details about you or your household – to or with anyone.Moreover, we do not contribute to or participate in shared or cooperative databases, which give other companies access to your personal information. Nor do we release credit card or financial information for use by other companies.
Wine Specific Conditions
Legal RequirementsYou must be at least 21 years of age to order or receive alcoholic beverages from Sheldrake Point Winery. Receipt of shipments containing alcoholic beverages requires the signature of a sober adult (a person 21 years of age or older who is not intoxicated). Wines purchased from Sheldrake Point Winery are not for resale and are for personal consumption only.Credit Card ChargesOrders are by credit card only. At this time we accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express. By ordering through our site you acknowledge that you are the authorized holder of the credit card used.States Authorized for Direct ShipmentDue to the ever-changing nature of wine shipping laws, we are currently able to ship wines to the following states: AK, CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, MA, MD, MI, MN, MO, NC, NH, NJ, NY, OH, PA, VA, WA, WI, and the District of Columbia. We regret we cannot ship to PO Boxes.Shipping CostsWe currently offer ground shipping on all orders via Federal Express. Ground shipping is provided at current market rates.
Return PolicyWine is a perishable commodity. Wine does not like extremes of temperature: hot humid summer and cold winter weather may adversely affect the condition of your wine during shipment. We will avoid shipping wine if the forecast includes any extreme weather. Sheldrake Point Winery is not responsible for, and will not replace, wine that is damaged by extreme weather conditions during shipment. When your wine order is picked up by the common carrier for delivery, responsibility for the wine becomes the responsibility of the purchaser.We will replace any bottle of wine that is corked, damaged, or flawed. We ask the customer to return the unfinished portion in the original bottle for replacement. Please send an email to finewine@sheldrakepoint.com to arrange for the return of corked or flawed product. Once the wine is received we will refund your credit card account for the cost of the wine less shipping and handling.  Contact the tasting room at 607-532-9401 for further assistance.