https://shop.lospinosranchvineyards.com/privacy-policy
Visit
Pittsburg Winery
Fredericksburg Tasting Room
Vineyards
Events
Shop
Store Locator
Dine
Wine Club
Cottages
Contact
Privacy Policy
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards treats personal information that Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards collects and receives, including information related to your past use of products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
Information Collection and Use
Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards collects personal information when you register and/or use or purchase products or services, when you visit Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards pages or the pages found on our other Websites directly affilated and controlled by the Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards.
When you register for various Products and/or Services through Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards Websites we ask for information such as your name, e-mail address, physical address, and zip code. For some products and services we may also ask for your credit card number and other billing information. Once you register with Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards collects information about your transactions with us to provide shopping and various services to you.
Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the pages you request during your visit to the Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards Websites.
Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal use only.
Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies, except to provide products or services you've requested and when we have your permission.
We will not send you unsolicited advertisements or solicitations without providing you the opportunity to decline to receive them. However, we reserve the right to send you certain communications, such as service announcements, administrative messages and Purchase Invoices, that relate to or are part of products or services you have purchased or agreed to obtain from Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving the communications.
Children
Children under the age of 18 are not permitted to register and/or purchase products or services through the Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards website.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on a computer. Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards may set and access cookies on your computer only for the purpose of providing services through our Website, to customize the advertising and content you see, and provide anonymous reporting for internal use only. For example, Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards might set a cookie on your computer so that the next time you visit our Website the information and/or content displayed could be customized according to selections you made the last time you visited the site. You can refuse to accept cookies and can remove them from your computer.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products and/or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our website uses SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) software that is industry standard and secures all commerce transactions on our webstore. All sensitive information (including but not limited to: login credentials, personal and payment information) is encrypted when being transmitted over the internet using SSL technology.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards may update this policy at anytime. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address submitted to Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards and/or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards
Internet - Privacy Policy Issues
903-855-1769
Jump to Top
Photo Gallery |
Store Locator |
Wine Industry Data |
Privacy Policy |
Shipping Policy |
Return Policy |
Donations Policy
© Copyright 2020, Los Pinos Ranch Vineyards. All rights reserved. Site by Xüdle