https://shop.kenwrightcellars.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Ken Wright Cellars treats personal information that Ken Wright Cellars collects and receives, including information related to your past use of products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
Information Collection and Use
Ken Wright Cellars collects personal information when you register and/or use or purchase products or services, when you visit Ken Wright Cellars pages or the pages found on our other Websites directly affilated and controlled by the Ken Wright Cellars.
When you register for various Products and/or Services through Ken Wright Cellars Websites we ask for information such as your name, e-mail address, physical address, and zip code. For some products and services we may also ask for your credit card number and other billing information. Once you register with Ken Wright Cellars and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Ken Wright Cellars collects information about your transactions with us to provide shopping and various services to you.
Ken Wright Cellars automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the pages you request during your visit to the Ken Wright Cellars Websites.
Ken Wright Cellars uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal use only.
Ken Wright Cellars does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies, except to provide products or services you've requested and when we have your permission.
We will not send you unsolicited advertisements or solicitations without providing you the opportunity to decline to receive them. However, we reserve the right to send you certain communications, such as service announcements, administrative messages and Purchase Invoices, that relate to or are part of products or services you have purchased or agreed to obtain from Ken Wright Cellars, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving the communications.
Children
Children under the age of 18 are not permitted to register and/or purchase products or services through the Ken Wright Cellars website.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on a computer. Ken Wright Cellars may set and access cookies on your computer only for the purpose of providing services through our Website, to customize the advertising and content you see, and provide anonymous reporting for internal use only. For example, Ken Wright Cellars might set a cookie on your computer so that the next time you visit our Website the information and/or content displayed could be customized according to selections you made the last time you visited the site. You can refuse to accept cookies and can remove them from your computer.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products and/or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our website uses SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) software that is industry standard and secures all commerce transactions on our webstore. All sensitive information (including but not limited to: login credentials, personal and payment information) is encrypted when being transmitted over the internet using SSL technology.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Ken Wright Cellars may update this policy at anytime. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address submitted to Ken Wright Cellars and/or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Ken Wright Cellars
Internet - Privacy Policy Issues
503-852-7070
Jump to Top