https://shotshow.org/policies/
Skip to content
JAN 18–22
2021
MENUAttendees CloseShow Details ForSHOT Show On Demand OverviewAttendee Admission RequirementsPlanning ToolsNSSF MembershipUpdates and RulesAttendee NewsAttendee FAQs2021 Cancellation FAQsPoliciesAttendee NewsNSSF Announces 2021 SHOT Show CancellationOct 30, 2020Why I Wouldn’t Miss SHOT Show: Retailers See Show as Critical to Staying on Top of Inventory Needs in 2021Oct 6, 2020View all Exhibitors CloseGeneral InfoNew Exhibitor InquiriesExhibitor FAQs2021 Cancellation FAQsNSSF MembershipPoliciesExhibitor ToolsExhibitor DashboardExhibitor NewsNSSF Announces 2021 SHOT Show CancellationOct 30, 2020SHOT Show Insider: 5 Questions, 5 AnswersOct 21, 2020View all Media CloseMediaGeneral Media InformationPress Room ResourcesExhibitor Press ReleasesMedia Planner LoginNewsroomMedia FAQsPoliciesMedia NewsNSSF Announces 2021 SHOT Show CancellationOct 30, 2020Geissele Automatics Donates 250,000 Face Masks to 2021 SHOT ShowAug 27, 2020View all Education CloseEducationSHOT Show On Demand EducationRetailer SeminarsSHOT UniversityExport Training SessionsEducation NewsNSSF Announces 2021 SHOT Show CancellationOct 30, 2020SHOT Show Insider: 5 Questions, 5 AnswersOct 21, 2020Events CloseEventsSupplier ShowcaseIndustry Day at the RangeNSSF/HAVA Golf ClassicEvent NewsLas Vegas and Industry Leaders praise partnership/business with the SHOT ShowAug 10, 2020Three Reasons to Attend Industry Day at the Range in 2021Jul 28, 2020View all Travel CloseHotel and TravelHotel and TravelBlogRegister
Search
Close
General Attendance Policies
Exhibitor Policies and Regulations
Media and Press Room Policies and Guidelines
General Attendance Policies
Attendance RESTRICTED to shooting, hunting and outdoor trade professionals and commercial buyers and sellers of military, law enforcement, and tactical products and services ONLY. The SHOT Show is not open to the general consuming public (e.g., private visitors, hunters, sport shooters, members of hunting and sport shooting clubs, etc.). NO ONE under age 16 admitted (including infants). Childcare is not provided.Admission to the show requires government-issued photo identification plus documentation demonstrating direct professional affiliation to the trade. Exhibitors and media are subject to different credentialing requirements.A show badge constitutes a limited revocable license to attend the current SHOT Show. Badges CANNOT be reproduced, transferred or resold. There is a $100 fee to replace lost or stolen badges. Limit one (1) free reprint per person. Badges are the property of the National Shooting Sports Foundation and may be revoked at any time for any reason.NO animals except for properly identified, on-duty, ADA-recognized service animals. Service animals may not be branded.NO Photography — Photography or video recording at the show is prohibited except by those with valid media badges or other authorized individuals.Surveillance equipment is in use 24/7.NO solicitation, suitcasing or outboarding.NO personal firearms or ammunition allowed. Only firearms on display by exhibitors and whose firing pins have been removed (and have been inspected by SHOT Show safety advisors) will be permitted on the show floor.NO loud, abusive or defamatory language, harassment, or other unprofessional or inappropriate behavior.Show management is NOT responsible for injuries, property damage or loss of any kind, or for any other incidents, directly or indirectly connected with attending the show. Attendees assume all business and personal risks before, during and after the show.Attendees and their belongings may be searched at any time during the show. Attendees consent to such searches and waive any related claims that may arise. If an attendee refuses such searches, attendee may be denied entry or be removed from show premises without refund or other compensation.Attendees grant show management permission to utilize their image, likeness, actions and statements in any live or recorded audio, video, or photographic display or other transmission, exhibition, publication or reproduction made of, or at, the SHOT Show in any medium or context without further authorization or compensation.These attendance rules are applicable to all show “attendees” including buyers, non-buyers, exhibitors and media. Show management shall have sole discretion over admission at all times and shall strictly enforce all show rules. Attendees agree to abide by these attendance rules, as well as all other rules applicable to their badge type, which may be updated at any time. Violators risk immediate confiscation of their show badge without refund and removal from the premises. Violators will not be allowed re-entry.
Exhibitor Rules and Regulations
2020 Exhibitor and Attendee Rules & Regulations
The Shooting, Hunting, and Outdoor Trade ShowSM (SHOT Show®) is the largest and most comprehensive trade show for all professionals involved with the shooting sports, hunting and law enforcement industries.  Owned by the National Shooting Sports Foundation® and managed by ConvExx, the SHOT Show provides a forum to view and promote the latest firearms, ammunition, law enforcement, cutlery, outdoor apparel, optics, and related products and services, and where attendees can exchange information and learn about issues affecting industry and their businesses.
1. DEFINITIONS
NSSF and ConvExx are hereinafter referred to as “Show Management.”“Exhibitor” means the company named on the SHOT Show Exhibitor Application and its representatives. “Exhibitor Representatives” include the Exhibitor’s directors, officers, employees, contractors, volunteers, guests and any other individuals authorized to use Exhibitor’s name to gain admission into the Show.The SHOT Show hereinafter shall be referred to as “Show.” The Show consists of the area inside and outside the Show exhibition Facility, including, without limitation, the leased grounds of the Facility, the Show’s exhibit halls, meeting rooms, designated parking lots, and air space, as well as venues of Show-sponsored events These Exhibitor Rules & Regulations, the Exhibition License Terms and Conditions (“License Terms”), the Exhibit Display Regulations, the online Exhibitor Resource Center, the Facility Rules, and all other rules, regulations and policies governing the Show and Facility, in existence or as amended from time to time, are generally hereinafter referred to as “Rules and Regulations” and can be found on www.SHOTShow.org.  These Rules and Regulations shall be applicable to all exhibitor business activities relating to or affecting the SHOT Show wherever and whenever they may occur, the “Exhibitor Activities”).
2. 	LOCATION AND DATES
The site of the SHOT Show is the Sands Expo Center, located at 201 Sands Avenue, Las Vegas, NV  89169 (“Exhibition Facility”). The dates and hours are:
Exhibitor Move-In:
1/15
Wednesday, Move-In, (Halls A, B, C, G only)
8:00 am – 6:00 pm
1/16
Thursday, Move-in, (Halls A, B, C & G only)
8:00 am – 6:00 pm
1/17
Friday, Move-In (Halls A, B, C & G only)
8:00 am – 6:00 pm
1/18
Saturday, Move-In (Halls A, B, C & G only)
8:00 am – 6:00 pm
1/19
Sunday, Move-in, (Halls & meeting rooms)
8:00 am – 6:00 pm
1/20
Monday, Move-in, (Halls & meeting rooms)
8:00 am – 10:00 pm
**Approved Exhibitor Appointed Contractors may enter the hall at 7:00 a.m. each Move-In day.**Exhibitors are issued “target times” for the arrival of show freight. See the Exhibitor Services Manual at www.shotshow.org for your assigned target time. Missing your target time may result in off-target fees.
Show Days:
1/21
Tuesday – Show Hours
8:30 am – 5:30 pm*
1/22
Wednesday – Show Hours
8:30 am – 5:30 pm*
1/23
Thursday – Show Hours
8:30 am – 5:30 pm*
1/24
Friday – Show hours
8:30 am – 4:00 pm*
*The Law Enforcement ballrooms open at 8:00am each day. Booth numbers affected are: 6002-8615, 20000-20671 & 30001-32513.Exhibitors, Exhibitor Media, Manufacturer Reps and Approved Exhibitor Appointed Contractors are permitted to enter at 6:00 am on Tuesday and one hour prior to opening on all other Show days.
Exhibitor Move-Out:
1/24
Friday, Move-out (All Halls)
5:00 pm – Midnight**
1/25
Saturday, Move-out (All Halls)
12:00 am – 5:00 pm
1/26
Sunday, Move-out (Halls A-C & G only)
8:00 am – 5:00 pm
1/27
Monday, Move-out (Halls A-C & G only)
8:00 am – 5:00 pm
**For security reasons, labor will not be permitted in the hall until 5:00pm after show closing on Friday. Firearm crates will be returned first followed by cartons and containers, and then crates. Crate return starts at 5:00pm and is completed by 8:00am Saturday.
3. APPLICATION, FEES, PAYMENTS, CANCELLATIONS
A. Exhibitor Application & Exhibition License.To exhibit at the Show, companies must complete, sign and return an Exhibitor Application. The application includes the terms and conditions of a license to exhibit at the Show which should be reviewed carefully by the exhibitor and its representatives. By signing the application, the exhibitor is agreeing that it and its representatives will comply with all license terms and conditions (See Paragraph 3 of the License Terms).
B. Approval to Exhibit.All Exhibitor Applications are subject to review and approval by Show Management. Exhibits shall be limited to those companies or other entities offering materials, products, or services of specific interest to Exhibition attendees that directly pertain to the function and industry to which the Exhibition relates. Management reserves the right to determine the appropriateness and/or eligibility of any product or services displayed or promoted. See Paragraphs 4 and 11 of the License Terms.
C. Exhibit Fees.The cost for Exhibit Space is $39 per net square footNSSF Patron Members receive a $10 per net square foot discount, not to exceed their Membership Dues as of January 23, 2019.NSSF Supporting and Associate Members receive a $5 per net square foot discount, not to exceed their Membership Dues as of January 23, 2019.$600 per corner, surcharge, Inline = 1, Peninsula = 2, Island = 4
D. NSSF Member Discount. To qualify for the NSSF member discount, the Exhibitor must be a Patron, Supporting or Associate Member in good standing of NSSF prior to January 25,2019 and remain in good standing through January 26, 2020. In order to set up an exhibit at the Show, an exhibitor must be fully paid on all money owed to NSSF including booth, sponsorship, advertising, and membership fees.
E. Payment Schedule.Payments may be made by credit card, wire transfer or check (in U.S. funds drawn on a U.S. bank only). Checks must be made payable to NSSF and mailed to National Shooting Sports Foundation, Dept. 3510 O. Box 4110, Woburn, MA, 01888-4110. Bank wires are permitted and account information is provided by requesting from Show Management. If exhibit space is licensed after any of the listed dates, the amount corresponding to the most recently passed date is due at the time to secure participation.  Unless otherwise agreed-upon by NSSF, in its sole discretion, payment terms are as follows:Initial Deposit, with application, of Twenty Five Percent (25%).On or before April 7, 2019, at least Fifty Percent (50%) of booth space costs must be paid.On or before August 2, 2019, any remaining balance due on booth space must be paid. Any payments, regardless of what it is to be applied to, that is sent after December 31, 2019, must be made by credit card or sent by bank electronic wire transfer to NSSF’s bank. All bank fees incurred will be the responsibility of Exhibitor.
F. Exhibit Space Changes. Changes or modifications to exhibit space, including, without limitation, booth size, configuration or location, following submission of an Exhibitor Application are prohibited without the prior written approval of Show Management. Approval may be withheld in Show Management’s discretion. Show Management reserves the right to assign and change booth space upon written notice to Exhibitor.
G. Refunds Due to Cancellation, Withdrawal and Downsizing.Withdrawal from the Show or cancellation of all or a portion of any exhibit space by Exhibitor must be made in writing to Show Management. The issuance of refunds is subject to the sole discretion of Show Management. If approved, the refund schedule below shall apply. Refunds are calculated from the date that written notification of cancellation is received by Show Management and without regard to when Exhibitor submitted its booth space application or other extenuating factors. Refunds and liquidated damages are based on full exhibit space fee and not the deposit. Exhibitors canceling a portion of their booth space cannot apply deposits for the canceled portion to the remaining space. Show Management shall not be liable for interest on any amount refunded. Exhibitor is responsible for any fees associated with withdrawal from the Show or booth cancellation. Refunds cannot be applied to exhibition at future Shows.Effective following Exhibitor’s renewal of booth space, through April 7, 2019, Show Management shall retain 25% of the booth fee of each space canceled, as liquidated damages.Beginning April 8, 2019, through August 2, 2019, Show Management shall retain 50% of the booth fee of each space canceled, as liquidated damages.No refunds are given after August 2, 2019, for any reason whatsoever, even if the Show is sold out.
H. Sponsorship/Advertising.All advertising insertion orders must be paid in full prior to the installation of Exhibitor’s display and are non-cancellable and non-refundable.  No credits will be given for advertising paid for but cancelled.  In the event Exhibitor withdraws or cancels its participation in the Exhibition, Exhibitor shall be responsible for full payment of all advertising.  Management reserves the right to reallocate such advertising space at its discretion.  All advertisements are subject to approval by Management.  Exhibitor agrees that Management shall not be liable in the event of any errors or omissions in advertising or in any promotional material.  Management reserves the right to offer new products or positions throughout the show cycle.
4. ELIGIBILITY
Show Management reserves the right to determine and verify the eligibility of Exhibitors and their products and services at any time. Ineligible Exhibitors and products and services that are found to be in violation of Show Rules and Regulations, or that do not otherwise meet Show objectives, as solely determined by Show Management, shall be prohibited.
A. Exhibitor Categories.To exhibit in the Show, Exhibitor must meet at least one of the following criteria:Manufacturers. Manufacturers are companies that have products to display which are manufactured, packaged or marketed under Exhibitor’s proprietary trade style or brand name. Companies that exhibit as a Manufacturer can only display those products for which it is the manufacturer and exclusive rights holder to distribute the product(s) in the United States.Exclusive Distributor. A company that has an exclusive contract or agreement to sell a particular proprietary brand of products in the United States shall be considered an Exclusive Distributor. Exclusive Distributors must provide Show Management documentation to substantiate their exclusive distributorship arrangement in advance of the Show. Show Management has the unilateral right to terminate the Agreement of an Exclusive Distributor, at any time, if the Exclusive Distributor fails to provide a letter of appointment to Show Management that is valid through the 2020 Show. Only those products, brands, trade names, logos or intellectual property for which the Exclusive Distributor has the exclusive U.S. distribution rights in the United States may be exhibited or promoted displayed in the exhibit. Products, services or brands for which an Exhibitor is a non-exclusive seller may not be displayed, referred to in line cards, catalogs, signs, flyers or brochures, or depicted anywhere in the exhibit.Service Providers. Service providers may exhibit and promote only those services provided to, or for, the industry served by the Show.
B. Permitted Products. Laws & Regulations. Exhibitor and Exhibitor Representatives shall comply will all federal, state and local laws and regulations applicable to the display and promotion of its products and services and other activities conducted at the Show.Intellectual Property Rights Infringement. The Show is committed to the principle that intellectual property rights (IPR) are to be respected.  To this end, Show exhibitors may only display products and services they own, or that they are properly licensed to promote. It is the responsibility of intellectual property rights owners to take the necessary actions before, during and after the Show to protect their IPR.   The Show does not provide intellectual property rights protection services and except in exceptional circumstances does not intervene in IPR disputes. Show Management can provide Exhibitors with resources that may assist in protecting their IPR. Of course, the Show will respect lawful court orders and injunctions, as well as instructions from law enforcement. See Intellectual Property Rights Policy included in the Exhibitor Resource Center.Show Sections. Only those products and services associated with the following designated exhibition sections of the Show are eligible to be exhibited in these sections in accordance with these Rules: Firearms Section, General Shooting and Hunting Section, Law Enforcement & Tactical Section, and Outdoor Wear Section.Firearms Eligibility: Any firearm that may be legally sold by a federally licensed firearms dealer (Type 01) may be displayed in the Firearms Section of the Show, subject to specific exceptions noted below. Firearms and other items which require a Class 03 license pursuant to the National Firearms Act (NFA) may be displayed in the Law Enforcement Section or may be displayed in limited quantities in the General Hunting & Shooting Section of the Show provided any such firearm or item is displayed with signage indicating that it is for “Law Enforcement Only.”Firearms Inspection. All firearms brought into the Show must be safety inspected before being placed on display. As a convenience to exhibitors, SHOT Show Safety Advisors will visit each booth prior to the first Show day to inspect and tag all firearms. Any firearm not inspected or entering the Show on the last day of setup and after the safety inspection has taken place, must be brought to the Safety Advisors Office. Firearms should be carried to the Safety Advisors Office in an enclosed case for security purposes.
C. Prohibited Products.The following specific products, among others, may not be displayed or appear in booth graphics or be anywhere in the Facility.Firearms. Personal firearms and ammunition are prohibited in the Facility. NO EXCEPTIONS. Also prohibited are used or pre-owned firearms and accessories, regardless of condition and whether or not remanufactured, including military surplus firearms; current military manufacture; firearms and accessories prohibited from import into the United States; cane guns; pen guns; “cell phone” guns and buckle guns (buckle guns may be displayed only if the buckle and the gun are detached and displayed separately, and the gun meets all firearms display safety rules).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any exhibitor who intends to market a newly manufactured accessory item at the SHOT Show, such as a magazine, stock, mount, optic, or similar item, may display that item on a curio and relic firearm, provided that the firearm is restored to new condition and that the firearm itself is not being marketed for sale.Military. Prohibited, including, but not limited to: banners, boots, buckles, buttons, campaign cap, daggers, helmet liners, insignia, legging, medals, military helmets, packs, rank insignia, ribbons, uniforms, web or leather belting. All military, replica or war surplus items are prohibited including, but not limited to: ammo pouches, boots, bayonets, canteens, clothing, dishes, military field and training manuals, military range equipment, rings, shoes, silverware, sunglasses, utility bags, watches. Also prohibited are anti-aircraft and anti-tank weaponry, rocket propelled grenade launchers (RPGs), flamethrowers, mortars and mortar throwers.Miscellaneous. Including, but not limited to: blackjacks, boot knives, brass knuckles, buckle knives, butterfly knives, cane knives, darts, flags, food and food preparation items, kits for converting semi-automatic firearms to fully automatic, maps, martial arts weapons, spring blade knives (law enforcement only, spring blade/assisted opening knives of a high quality made exclusively for law enforcement may be displayed), star-shaped throwing weapons, wallet knives, boats and boating supplies and equipment, fishing tackle, watersports and marine accessories, swords of any type.Non-Exhibiting Manufacturers Products and Services. Except for recognized wholesale distributors, e.g., NASGW members, exhibitors may not display products or services of non-exhibiting companies or otherwise promote such non-exhibiting companies, unless otherwise approved.
5. PRODUCT SAFETY & PROHIBITIONS
A. Ammunition and Propellants.No live ammunition, ignitable powder, live primers, primer carriers, or percussion caps will be allowed in the exhibit hall.All dummy center-fire type ammunition must have a hole (min.060 inches in diameter) drilled through the primer at the point where the firing pin would impact (or have no primer inserted in the pocket).All primers and percussion caps must be obviously deactivated, and must have a hole (min.060 inches in diameter) drilled through the cap at about where it would be struck by the firing pin or hammer.All dummy rim-fire-type ammunition must have a hole (min.060 inches in diameter) drilled through the base of the shell.Primers which have been deactivated by firing must have a hole (min.060 inches in diameter) drilled through the base of the shell.Black powder breech-loader primer carriers are not allowed in the exhibit hall at any time.B. Firearms.Firearms must be rendered incapable of firing or discharging any cartridge, shell, round or load.  This rule equally applies to Exhibitors of component parts (e.g. firing pins) that may utilize firearms to demonstrate their products.         Any real or simulated discharge of firearms with an audible report is strictly prohibited. This prohibition applies to firearms on physical display or used in live demonstrations at the show. Recorded or televised broadcasts featuring firearms that produce an audible report (e.g. hunting or shooting shows) must be kept at a reasonable volume so as not to inconvenience, annoy, endanger, or interfere with the rights of other exhibitors and visitors or impede or obstruct the operation of the Exhibition. Show Management reserves the right in its sole discretion to determine acceptable sound levels.A trigger lock or any device, material or mechanism designed to limit the action is not an acceptable method of making a firearm inoperable.Actions must be capable of being opened to permit inspection of the chamber to determine whether it is loaded.This describes the only methods approved by Show Management for rendering firearms inoperable. No other methods of rendering firearms inoperable will be permitted by Show Management.    C. Carbines, Rifles and ShotgunsSmokeless powder-type firearms must be rendered inoperable before being brought into the exhibit hall in one of the following ways: by removal of their firing pins, shortening their firing pins so they cannot contact the primer or any surface of fixed ammunition that can be chambered in the firearm, or by permanently obstructing the chamber so a projectile cannot exit the barrel.Black powder percussion-type rifles and shotguns must be rendered inoperable before they are brought into the exhibit hall by removal of their percussion cap nipple(s), or blocking each nipple orifice.Black powder flintlock-type rifles and shotguns must be rendered inoperable before they are brought into the exhibit hall by removal of their flints.Black powder breech loading rifles and shotguns must be rendered inoperable before they are brought into the exhibit hall by removal of their primer carriers.D. HandgunsConventional smokeless powder-type handguns must be rendered inoperable before they are brought into the exhibit hall in one of the following ways: by removal of their firing pins, shortening their firing pins so they cannot contact the primer or any surface of fixed ammunition that can be chambered into the firearm, or by permanently obstructing the chamber so a projectile cannot exit the barrel.Black powder percussion-type handguns must be rendered inoperable before they are brought into the exhibit hall by removal of their percussion cap nipple(s), or blocking each nipple orifice.Black powder flintlock-type handguns must be rendered inoperable before they are brought into the exhibit hall by removal of their flints.In addition to rendering handguns safe, while on display, handguns shall be affixed permanently, by means of chains or aircraft cable (not over 3 feet in length) to the exhibitor’s counter, to its back or to a display island or stand to prevent potential theft. Nothing shall prevent exhibitors from employing higher levels of security.   E. Non-Powder Actuated GunsBecause it is difficult to deactivate these types of guns, they will be exempt from deactivation requirements. No gas (CO2 or air) cylinders, except those which are empty and drilled or punctured, will be allowed in the exhibit hall.  If a cylinder is placed in a Non-Powder Actuated Gun (e.g. an Airsoft gun), it must be immediately obvious upon inspection that the cylinder has been deactivated.Pellets, “BB’s” or projectiles of any type for Non-Powder Actuated Guns (e.g. an Airsoft gun), on display must be affixed or glued down to containers or packaging so that individual pieces are not loose or available to be chambered. When boxes and containers for projectiles are on display, they must be empty.Any real or simulated discharge of Non-Powder Actuated Guns is strictly prohibited except as follows: This general rule shall not apply when Non-Powder Actuated Guns are used in connection with secure, temporary, free-standing and fully enclosed shooting galleries or transparent, shatterproof shooting containers. Both shooting galleries and shooting containers must capture projectiles shot within the structure (i.e., projectiles shall not escape the closed structure at any time). Shooting galleries and shooting containers must be pre-approved by Show Management and shall be subject to inspection during the Show.  Only plastic BBs, plastic pellets or other plastic projectiles shall be permitted.Shooting galleries and shooting containers shall be located so as not to interfere with or prevent access to other exhibits, obstruct or create congestion in aisles or otherwise unreasonably interfere with the Show. Shooting galleries and containers must fit within exhibitor’s booth space.  Under no circumstances will shooting galleries or containers over 300 feet be permitted at the Show.  Non-Powder Actuated Guns must be affixed or tethered to the shooting gallery or container in such a manner so that the tips of their barrels are at all times pointed down range or located inside the container.  Shooting activities are subject to all reasonable restrictions imposed by the Show.  Show Management reserves the right to impose additional restrictions.  Shooting activities may be temporarily or permanently closed by Show Management at any time.Shooting gallery and shooting container designs, plans, drawings and pictures must be reviewed and approved by Show Management prior to the show. Information should be sent to Jeff Pressman, c/o SHOT Show Management, 6865 S. Eastern Avenue, Suite 101, Las Vegas, NV 89119 or jpressman@convexx.com.F. Paintball Markers (Guns) & AccessoriesAny real or simulated discharge of paintball markers is strictly prohibited.Paintballs and Projectiles: Loose paintballs or projectiles of any type are not allowed in the exhibit hall. When boxes and containers of projectiles are displayed, they must be empty.  Opening the container and pouring a clear epoxy over the contents or using superglue to seal the lid on the container are acceptable methods of sealing.Miscellaneous Items: Grenades, claymores, mortars and any other items containing paint and/or compressed gas or any other type of propellant must be made or rendered inoperable. Compressed gas must be removed and the cylinder drilled as indicated below. Any other propellant must be removed. Paint must be removed (you may replace the paint with water).Gas Cylinders. Gas (CO2 or air) cylinders, except those which are empty and drilled or punctured are not allowed in the facility. If a cylinder is attached to a marker, it must be immediately obvious upon inspection that the cylinder has been deactivated.Blow Guns. All blow guns must be sealed and/or firmly and permanently fixed in original packaging so that the blow gun may not be removed, or be firmly and permanently “plugged” at the nozzle making the blow gun incapable of shooting a projectile.Bows and Arrows. All arrows must be sealed and/or firmly and permanently fixed in original packaging so that individual arrows may not be removed, or firmly and permanently fixed to the display in such a way as to prevent their being fitted into a bow, or at least one side of the nock must be removed, rendering the arrow incapable of being shot from a bow.Crossbow strings must be “fixed” using a cable tie so as to be incapable of movement or have arrow track blocked so that an arrow cannot be loaded into the cross bow and propelled.Chemical Defense Sprays. All canisters must be visibly disabled and empty.  To visually disable, canisters must be drilled with a hole (min .060 inches in diameter) through the base.Stage Props and Blank Guns. Stage props and blank guns must have their firing pins removed.
6. EXHIBIT SPACE ASSIGNMENT
A. Space Selection Process.The Exhibition’s priority point system is designed to recognize exhibitors that support the Exhibition by offering them priority in the selection and assignment of booth space. Priority points are accumulated based on the number of consecutive Exhibitions an exhibitor attends, the amount of booth space an exhibitor purchases, and the timely payment of Exhibition fees and costs.  Additional priority points are given to exhibitors that are members in good standing in the NSSF.  All Exhibition priority points are retained by an exhibitor from year to year provided the exhibitor has exhibited in every consecutive show.  If an exhibitor cancels or withdraws from an Exhibition or misses an Exhibition, the exhibitor shall forfeit all priority points accumulated up to and including the current Exhibition. Show Management shall have sole discretion to penalize Exhibitors who violate show rules including by stripping them of priority points. While Show Management will make every effort to accommodate an exhibitor’s booth preferences, the awarding of Exhibition priority points and assignment   of booths (including relocation requests) are at Show Management’s sole and absolute discretion.  Show Management may consider, but will not be bound by, an exhibitor’s priority points or an exhibitor’s booth requests. Show Management may suspend or discontinue the Exhibition’s space selection process and/or modify space selection rules at any time.  The method of determining space assignment is established by Show Management and may be changed from time to time without notice to exhibitors in order to accommodate that which Show Management perceives as being in the best interest of the Show.B. Priority Points.Show Management may, in its discretion, change the Priority Point system and rules at any time without notice. This means that the accumulation of priority points does not entitle exhibitors to any vested rights with respect to said points or their benefits. Priority points are not an asset of exhibitor and are non-transferable (If an Exhibitor’s company is purchased, exhibition priority points will transfer to the acquiring company). Exhibitor points may be withdrawn or reduced at any time. Show Management may, among other things, (i) withdraw, limit, modify, or cancel any points; (ii) change points benefits, rules for earning, retaining or forfeiting points; (iii) rename or redefine program elements or benefits.  Show Management may make any one or more of these changes at any time even though such changes may affect points that you have already accumulated. Show Management reserves the right to end the Priority Point system at any time for any reason without notice.C. Section Qualification.To qualify for a particular Show section, a minimum of 75% of the product or services on display and the marketing materials being distributed must be specific to that section.D. Floor Plan.Show Management reserves the right to rearrange exhibitors or adjust the floor plan to accommodate the best interest of the Show. The floor plan maintained by Show Management shall be the official floor plan. Changes may occur at any time to accommodate Show needs.E. Booth Change Requests and Process.In order to be placed on a Booth Change Request List for an improved booth location, exhibitor must submit the online application available on the SHOT Show’s website for Booth Change Requests or have submitted a request with its Exhibitor Application. In order to be assigned a new booth from the List, an exhibitor must be current in accordance with their given payment plan for all exhibit fees, membership dues and sponsorship payments, and priority is given first to Patron Members, by priority points, then Supporting Members, by priority points, then Associate Members, by priority points, and then all non-NSSF members will be accommodated.F. Sharing or Subletting Booth Space.See paragraph 12 of the License Terms.
7. OPERATION AND CONDUCT
A. Exhibitor Representatives.Exhibitor Representatives shall comply with all applicable Show rules concerning their conduct, including the following rules:Attendants, employees, models, and other Exhibitor Representatives must confine their activities to their licensed exhibit space and may not engage in solicitation or promotional activities outside their booths. It is recommended that business meetings occur within contracted booth space to ensure privacy and to avoid the appearance of suitcasing/outboarding.Exhibitor Representatives may not enter the exhibit space or loiter in the area of another exhibitor without permission from that exhibitor, and at no time may anyone enter an exhibit space that is not staffed.Exhibitors shall not photograph or video an exhibit or product of another exhibitor.Exhibitors may not harass, antagonize another party or engage in any disruptive, objectionable or illegal activity.Exhibitors may not register or otherwise assist non-qualified attendees in gaining admission into the Show.Any exhibitor desiring to serve legal papers upon another exhibitor must abide by the procedures set forth in the Intellectual Property rules in the Exhibitor Services section on SHOTShow.org. Exhibitors are not permitted to serve such papers in the exhibit halls or public areas of the Facility.Booth representatives shall be restricted to Exhibitor’s employees and authorized representatives. Booth representatives shall at all times wear badge identification furnished by Management.  Management may at any time limit the number of booth representatives.  Exhibitor’s booth must be staffed by Exhibitor during all hours the Exhibition is open.Exhibitors may not permit or host representatives from third party companies, who then represent themselves as a representative of such third party, without Show Management approval. For example, a vehicle manufacturer that is not exhibiting at the show is not permitted to have its own representative in a booth, and the company may not promote the product in the booth or elsewhere, unless that vehicle manufacturer is an exhibitor of the show or it is approved in advance by Show Management.B. Attire.All Exhibitor Representatives must wear appropriate apparel at all times. This requirement prohibits, among other items, bathing suits, thongs, lingerie, exceedingly short skirts, painted bodies and transparent apparel. Business or business casual attire is recommended. Exhibitors who are uncertain with regard to compliance with the appropriate attire and entertainment regulations are encouraged to consult with Show Management in advance of the Show.C. Suitcasing/Outboarding.Show Management considers “suitcasing” and/or “outboarding” to be unethical business conduct and strictly prohibits both practices at the Show.  “Suitcasing” refers to the practice of companies or persons who come to the Show as attendees but “work the aisles” from their suitcase (briefcase), soliciting business from other attendees and exhibitors.  “Outboarding” refers to non-exhibiting companies who set up exhibits or events at off-site locations during the period of the Show, such as hotel hospitality suites or nearby restaurants, and encourage attendees to leave the Show and spend time with them.  The only legitimate place to conduct business during the Show is within a contracted exhibit space on the Show floor.  Only registered exhibitors and sponsors of the Exhibition are allowed to conduct hospitality events during the period of the Show.  Hospitality functions away from the Show Facility shall not open before 6:00 p.m. each Show day. Hospitality functions at the Show Facility can start at 5:00 p.m. Exhibiting companies are encouraged to protect their investment by reporting actual or suspected violations of the Exhibition’s suitcasing/outboarding rules immediately to Show Management.D. No Advertising Outside Exhibit Space.Exhibitor Representatives shall not post or exhibit any signs, advertisements, show bills, lithograph posters or cards of any kind on or in any area of the Exhibition Facility, except within the Exhibitor’s booth space and upon such space as is made available for such purposes by the Facility. Nothing can be affixed to the walls, columns, carpet, concrete or pavement, nor can anything be projected on space or areas beyond Exhibitor’s booth space without written permission.E. Booth Noise.Music or noise emitting from the exhibit space cannot exceed 85 decibels or be at volume that in the judgment of Show Management creates an unreasonable interference with the ability of other exhibitors to conduct business in their booth.. Exhibitors receiving requests from Show Management to reduce the music volume or noise level must conform immediately to the request or be subject to having the power to the sound system disconnected. If after receiving a second warning that they are in violation, the power to the sound system will be disconnected for the remainder of the day. If there is a third violation, the power will be disconnected for the remainder of the Show.F. Promotional Activities & Items.Management retains sole discretion to approve, control, or prohibit what, where and when promotion activities may occur and the types of promotional items that may be distributed.  Exhibitors should be mindful of TSA’s list of prohibited items when selecting promotional giveaways.  The right to distribute or broadcast advertising, marketing and promotional information and items of any nature in Exhibition hotels during the Exhibition is reserved to Show Management.  Exhibitor shall not independently engage in or make arrangements with the Facility or Exhibition hotels to conduct such activities.  Any information or items to be distributed or broadcasted are subject to separate license issued by Show Management in its sole discretion.G. Objectionable Exhibits.Show Management reserves the right to restrict exhibits which are objectionable because of noise, glaring or flashing lights, conducted activities, method of operation, or any other reason, and also to prohibit or evict any exhibit which in the opinion of Show Management detracts from the general character of the Exhibition or jeopardizes Show safety, at exhibitor’s sole expense. This reservation includes persons, things, conduct, printed matter or anything Show Management judges to be objectionable in its sole judgment. In the event of such restriction or eviction, Show Management shall not be liable for any refunds or reimbursements of any amount paid to the Show or third party. Exhibitor hereby expressly waives any right and all claims, actions or demands for damages, costs and expenses, including without limitation, legal fees, lost profits, and costs of goods sold, against the Facility, Show Management, their directors, officers, employees, contractors and/or other authorized representatives for such restriction or removal.H. Business Licenses, Permits, and Authorizations.See Paragraph 13 of the License Rules.I. Food and Beverage.Alcoholic beverages may not be served within an Exhibitor’s exhibit space without written consent from Show Management. Alcoholic beverages may not be served during exhibit move-in or move-out under any conditions. The official Facility caterer must provide food and/or beverage items served within an Exhibitor’s exhibit space. Preparation of food within the contracted exhibit space is prohibited. Exhibitor cannot bring into the Facility any food or beverages of any kind, without the prior written permission from the Facility’s official caterer.J. Electrical and Lighting.Electrical equipment and wiring require evidence of testing and approval by a nationally recognized testing laboratory, and must conform to the electrical codes and regulations as indicated in the Exhibitor Display Rules. Electrical power and full lighting will be supplied to exhibits 7:30am – 5:30pm (4:00pm on last show day) on show days. Full lighting is provided 2:00pm – 5:00pm on the last day of setup.K. Inspection.All displays will be inspected during move-in days for compliance with the Show’s Rules and Regulations and any exhibit modifications required by Show Management shall be made prior to Show opening at Exhibitor’s sole expense. If modifications are not made by Exhibitor, Show Management will instruct its official contractors to make any necessary adjustments, at Exhibitor’s sole expense. Moreover, Exhibitor shall be responsible for all costs associated with ensuring any activities and displays it may have inside or outside the Facility, are safe and regularly inspected throughout the duration of the Show. Show Management shall not be responsible for any damages whatsoever should an activity or display be terminated or removed by Show Management.L. Insurance.See Paragraph 20 of the License Terms.M. Prohibited Equipment / Materials / Chemicals.Exhibitor will not put up or operate any engine or motor or machinery on the premises, excepting normal equipment utilized to set up and dismantle exhibits, or use or store oils, burning fluids, camphene, kerosene, naphtha or gasoline for either mechanical or other purposes, or any agent other than electricity for illuminating purposes.N. Hazardous Materials.Harmful or noxious odors or fumes must be negligible and contained within the display. Hazardous materials are prohibited unless approved in writing by Show Management. Exhibitor is responsible for the proper care, handling, security, removal, and disposal of all hazardous materials entered upon Facility premises by Exhibitor, as required by current Environmental Protection Agency or other applicable standards in effect at the time of occupancy. Disposal of hazardous materials or toxic waste must comply with all city, state, and federal laws.O. Damage.See Paragraph 14 of the License Terms.P. Intellectual Property Rights. The “SHOT Show®,” “SHOT®” and “Shooting, Hunting and Outdoor Trade ShowSM” names, logos and images are trademarks or registered trademarks of the National Shooting Sports Foundation, Inc.® Subject to the SHOT Show Trademark Branding Guidelines, Exhibitor is granted a non-exclusive, royalty-free, revocable license to use these trademarks in their advertising and marketing materials, including websites, to promote their exhibition participation through the last date of the exhibition to which this License pertains. SHOT Show Trademarks shall not be used on any items for sale or distributed in exchange for other consideration or in any manner that expresses or implies that the Exhibition or Management endorses, sponsors or otherwise supports Exhibitor’s activities.  Use of SHOT Show Trademarks by licensees and other authorized parties shall adhere to the following rules: (a) SHOT Show Trademarks shall only be used in the form and manner as prescribed by the NSSF.  See accompanying Style Guidelines For Use of the SHOT Show Trademarks; (b) SHOT Show Trademarks should always bear the correct trademark symbols (®, SM, TM); (c) When using a SHOT Show trademark, the appropriate symbol should appear after the first and most prominent use of the mark.  If the trademark is repeated several times, it is not necessary to continue using the symbol with the trademark; SHOT Show Trademarks shall not be used in any manner that expresses or implies, or could be construed to express or imply, that the NSSF or the SHOT Show is affiliated with or endorses, sponsors, certifies, or otherwise supports third party products, services, or opinions; and (d) SHOT Show Trademarks should not be used in any manner that might harm the NSSF’s reputation or goodwill or the NSSF’s ownership rights in the SHOT Show Trademarks.Management is firmly committed to the laws prohibiting counterfeiting and infringement of the intellectual property rights (e.g., copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, patents, etc.) associated with the products and services that exhibitors display. In the event it is determined by either Management, in its sole discretion, or a court of competent jurisdiction that an exhibitor or attendee has violated third party intellectual property rights, the exhibitor or attendee will risk immediate removal from the Exhibition and exclusion from future exhibitions, in addition to any other sanctions Management may impose in its discretion or as permitted by law.Q. Accidents/Incidents.Any accident or incident involving or occurring in Exhibitor’s booth, or relating to Exhibitor’s Representatives, must be reported to Show Management as soon as possible. Show Management will create a report of the incident, and where applicable, provide Exhibitor with a “Theft/Damage Report” or “Injury Report.”R. Lotteries, Contests & Games of Chance.The operation of games of chance during the show, including sweepstakes, raffles, drawings, contests, lotteries; gambling or gaming devices; or tournaments, pools or wagering, whether real or simulated is permitted only to the extent allowed by applicable state and local laws where the Exhibition takes place and only within the confines of an exhibitor’s booth.  Games of chance conducted by exhibitors prior to the show shall comply with show attendee admission and eligibility requirements and rules prohibiting the transfer of show badges.  Exhibitors are responsible for all logistics involved with the organization and operation of their games of chance or other promotion, including, without limitation, collecting entries and notifying winners.S. Over-The-Counter Sales.In a concerted effort to dissuade consumers and ineligible persons from entering the Show, no cash sales of any items are allowed. Exhibitors are not permitted to sell products for delivery at the Show, with the sole exception of wholesale transactions where entire inventories are sold to retailers for delivery after show close on the last day of the show. Selling samples whereby money is exchanged for product onsite is strictly prohibited. Orders may be taken for future delivery.  Product inventory in booths must be of an amount utilized for display only and may not be for delivery or resale at the Show. Any extra inventory deemed by Show Management to be more than necessary or reasonable for display purposes only will be removed by Exhibitor or confiscated by Show Management, at Exhibitor’s expense. Any Exhibitor found engaging in cash sales during the show may be immediately removed by Show Management, in its sole and absolute discretion. In the event that an Exhibitor is removed for violating this rule, it shall bear the expense of having its booth shut down by Freeman exhibits (pursuant to its fee schedule) and shall be responsible for having security present to secure its inventory while the show is closed. Sales made are subject to state sales tax. Show Management can be held legally responsible for collecting and paying the tax. If Show Management receives a tax bill associated with over-the-counter-sales, the Exhibitor is liable for payment of the tax bill.T. Soliciting Donations.Soliciting donations for any organization is strictly prohibited.  Soliciting donations in return for goods is strictly prohibited.U. Photography/Video/Recording.No photography, videotaping, or other recordings (collectively, “Photography”) of the Exhibition is allowed except by those with valid media badges or as otherwise stated in this paragraph. All photographic rights for the Exhibition are reserved to Management.  Professional Photography in the Exhibition required by Exhibitors can be carried out at moderate charges by Official Photographers (as designated by Management), if desired.  Exhibitors wishing to make arrangements for the professional photographing of their exhibit must apply to Management.  Exhibitors may photograph their own booths, products and activities within their booths for internal marketing purposes only.  However, Photography of other exhibitor booths or products is strictly prohibited and such violations may result in the confiscation of camera or recording equipment in addition to any other action Management may in its sole discretion deem appropriate.  Exhibitors are encouraged to report violations of this rule to Management.From time to time, photographs, videos, filming and/or other recordings (“Photography”) may be made of the Exhibition by Management or third parties contracted by Management, which may capture the image, voice, likeness and activities of Exhibitor and Exhibitor Representatives, as well as the presentation of Exhibitor’s booth, products, displays and intellectual property (“collectively, “Exhibitor Images”). Exhibitors may not hinder, obstruct, or interfere in any way with such Photography whether by Management or others working on Management’s behalf, and in consideration of being allowed admission into the Show hereby consent to Management’s Photography and use of Exhibitor’s Images for any reasonable commercial purpose.  Exhibitors grant Management and others contracted by Management a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, worldwide license to use Exhibitor Images and assigns all rights, including the copyright, in any materials created by or on behalf of Management incorporating Exhibitor Images without further payment or other consideration.All requests by press and news organizations for photography and video footage of the Show should be directed to NSSF’s Communications Department.No photography or recording of any events run by Show Management, including, but not limited to, the State of the Industry event.V. Music / Photographs / Other Copyrighted Material.Exhibitor acknowledges that any live or recorded performances of music or broadcast of other copyrighted materials, by or on behalf of Exhibitor at the Exhibition must be licensed from the appropriate copyright owner or its licensing agent.  Exhibitor represents and warrants to Management that it will take full responsibility for obtaining any necessary licenses to play or perform such music, or broadcast other copyrighted materials, and agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Management from any damages, losses or expenses incurred by Management due to Exhibitor’s use of such music or copyrighted materials (without limitation to any other rights of Management with respect thereto).  The proper licenses must be posted in Exhibitor’s booth and available for inspection immediately upon Management’s request or the appropriate licensing agency.W. Service Animals.The use of animals for marketing products or services is prohibited at the Show.  Only properly identified on-duty ADA recognized service animals or Mil/LE/Fire K-9 are permitted at the Show, and absolutely no corporate branding is permitted on the service animals aside from identification relating to its recognition as a service animal.
8. MOVE-IN / MOVE-OUT / EXHIBIT INSTALLATION & DISMANTLE
A. Freight Target Times.Exhibitors are assigned a specific date and time by Show Management to systematically unload freight at show site. Missing this time may result in additional fees. However, this does not apply to hand-carry freight. Exhibitors may also ship freight to Freeman’s warehouse, prior to the Show. Any freight received at the Freeman warehouse will be delivered according to target times. Exhibitors shipping direct to the Sands Expo Center prior to the Show must meet the assigned target time and date.B. Material Handling.All material handling during move-in and move-out, as well as the movement of empty crates and the operation of material handling equipment, must be performed by Freeman, except as indicated below. Freeman has the responsibility of managing docks for the smooth and efficient move-in and move-out of the Show. Freeman is not responsible for any material it does not handle. Exhibitors may “hand carry” material, provided material handling equipment is not used. “Hand carry” exhibitors may not be permitted access to the loading dock or freight door areas. See the Hand Carry Rules in the Exhibitor Services Manual on www.SHOTShow.org for more instructions and qualifications. All goods and exhibits must be received at designated receiving areas.  All goods and exhibits must be plainly marked and all charges prepaid.C. Labor.The Exhibitor agrees to abide by all agreements between Show Management, Freeman, the Facility, or any of its agents pertaining to using union labor in the exhibit areas, and to abide by all labor regulations as stated in Exhibitor Services on www.SHOTShow.org. Show Management is not liable for changes in union regulations. A labor entity has jurisdiction through a labor agreement with Freeman for the erection, touch-up painting, dismantling and repair of all exhibits when such work is done by persons other than Exhibitor’s full-time company personnel. This work includes wall coverings, floor coverings, pipe and drape, painting, hanging of signs and decorative materials from the ceiling, placement of all signs and the erection of platforms used for exhibit purposes. The labor entity’s jurisdiction does not cover the placement of Exhibitor’s products on display, the opening of cartons containing Exhibitor’s products, nor the performance, testing, maintenance or repairs of Exhibitor’s product. If full-time company personnel are utilized to set an exhibit, they should carry positive company identification, such as a medical identification card, payroll stub, or have a company payroll report available. This rule prohibits the utilization of workers hired from a non-union agency or company. Exhibitor personnel may set-up the booth, provided the booth, walls, and fixtures can be completed without use of saws, pipe wrenches or power tools. Hand tools, electric drills and screwdrivers can be used for installation. For safety reasons, Exhibitors may not do any installation work that requires standing on a ladder over 30 inches high.D. Display Installation Deadline.Unless otherwise excepted due to late target times, all displays must be in place by 3:00 p.m. on the last move-in day. Display material, cartons and refuse must be removed from the aisles, and empty crates labeled and ready for removal by 3:00 p.m. on the last move-in day.E. Late Installation.If installation of any exhibit has not started by 3:00 p.m. on the last move-in day, then Show Management shall erect the exhibit and Exhibitor will be billed for and agrees to pay for all charges incurred. Show Management shall not be liable for damages that may occur during this installation.F. Space Abandonment.Any space not claimed and occupied by 3:00 p.m. on the last move-in day, may be resold or reassigned by Show Management, without obligation on the part of Show Management for any refund to the Exhibitor whatsoever.G. Removal of Product or Equipment.The removal of product and equipment prior to Show requires that exhibitor obtain a merchandise removal pass from Show Management. Nothing may be removed on Friday, the final day of the show, between 12:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m.H. Timely Dismantle.Exhibitor agrees to dismantle display as soon as practical after the end of the Show. If teardown of the exhibit has not commenced by 12:00 noon the day after show close, then Show Management shall have the exhibit dismantled at the Exhibitor’s expense. Exhibitor agrees to dismantle display as soon as possible if requested by Show Management for a violation of Show rules.I. Early Move-out.Exhibitor shall not initiate move-out or abandon its exhibit prior to the official Show closing time on the final Show day. Violators could be banned from participation at future Shows.J. Safety Requirements / Smoking.Exhibitor shall not allow its display to block the view of, or impede access to fire alarm boxes, fire hose cabinets, fire extinguishers, fire strobe lights, or other safety equipment. Smoking is prohibited in the Facility.K. Exhibitor-Appointed Contractors (EAC).An EAC is any contractor not listed in the Exhibitor Services Manual on www.SHOTShow.org as an official SHOT-designated contractor. All Exhibitors using the services of an EAC are responsible for ensuring that the EAC conforms to the regulations included in the Exhibitor Services Manual on SHOTShow.org.L. Outbound Freight.All carriers must check-in no later than seven (7) hours prior to your target move-out time. If Exhibitor’s carrier does not check-in prior to seven hours before its targeted move-out time, Freeman will reroute the shipment, at Exhibitors’ expense.  Exhibitor freight will be sent with an official freight carrier of Freeman or sent back to Freeman’s warehouse where storage fees will accrue if carrier fails to meet check-in deadline. Freight fees under these conditions are generally greater than those paid inbound by the Exhibitor. Exhibitor further agrees to indemnify and hold Show Management harmless against any and all claims which may arise from the dismantling, including without limitation, damages to the premises, the display or personal injury due to holding over by Exhibitor past its allotted time of occupancy.M. Security.Exhibitor personnel should remain in the contracted exhibit space until Exhibitor’s display materials are secured and accepted by the freight carrier or otherwise removed by Exhibitor. Show Management and Freeman assume no responsibility for exhibit material left unattended in the exhibit hall during move-in or move-out. Submission of a Material Handling Agreement to General Service Contractor does not transfer responsibility to Freeman. For more information relating to security provided, see Paragraph 20 of the License Terms.
9. EXHIBITOR VIOLATIONS.
See Paragraph 9 of the License Terms.
Media and Press Room Policies and Guidelines
The following policies and guidelines have been prepared for credentialed news media covering the Shooting, Hunting, and Outdoor Trade Show™ (SHOT Show). The SHOT Show, the largest trade show of its kind in the word, is owned and sponsored by the National Shooting Sports Foundation, the trade association for the firearms, ammunition, hunting and shooting sports industry.If you have questions regarding press room policies, operations or available resources, see Frequently Asked Questions or contact NSSF Senior Director, Communications Bill Brassard at bbrassard@nssf.org.Keep up with show information at shotshow.org, SHOT Show Blog, SHOT Show Blast newsletter, the SHOT Show Newsroom, on Twitter @nssfshotshow and #shotshow, and on Facebook.
Professionalism
Media representatives are reminded that the SHOT Show is a private trade show whose primary purpose is to provide a positive business environment for manufacturers, distributors, retailers and others in the shooting, hunting, outdoor and law enforcement industries. NSSF requires all media to conduct themselves in a professional manner and to ask permission before taking still photos or video. We understand that it may be necessary to obtain certain establishing shots of the show floor to complete an assignment but ask that you not shoot close-ups of any booths, persons or products without permission. NSSF requires all media to defer to those exhibitors who do not want to be interviewed or have their products photographed or videotaped. At its discretion, NSSF may provide an escort for video crews on the show floor. Unauthorized photography, videotaping and sound recording, or unprofessional behavior, will result in the immediate revocation of media credentials and removal from the premises, and may jeopardize admission into future shows.Press credentials are issued to media whose purpose is to cover the show for a bona fide industry-related news outlet. Marketing, public relations and advertising representatives do not qualify for press credentials (see section below). NSSF reserves the right to bar from this and future events any press badge holder who attempts to solicit services, advertising or subscriptions exhibitors, press or other show attendees.
Marketing, PR and Advertising Reps
Representatives from public relations, marketing and advertising firms are not permitted to register as press. They must register as “Attendees” at shotshow.org and pay the required registration fee regardless of their affiliation with a media outlet.
Media Registration and Eligibility
NSSF strongly encourages all media who want to cover SHOT Show to read the description of media badge types and their corresponding criteria under Media Badge Types and Requirements for Credentials. All press credentialing decisions are at the discretion of NSSF communications staff.There is NO ONSITE REGISTRATION for media. All media must pre-register for SHOT Show.Journalists planning to pick up their press badge onsite must present personal photo identification. Registered journalists must wear their current show media badges when on the SHOT Show exhibition floor or when attending SHOT Show-related events. All press areas and exhibition halls are open to credentialed media.
Press Room Resources
The SHOT Show provides media with a full-service press room, including free wireless Internet access. Also, a limited number of computers that will have Internet access are made available to journalists for work-related purposes. These computers are to be used strictly for research, story composing and filing. Any activity not relating to these activities may result in forfeiting all access to the SHOT Show press room. Altering or changing any computer settings is strictly prohibited.Please Review the Listing of Press Room Resources and Services
Press Room/Press Conference Room Location
The Press Room is located in the Venetian Hotel, Level 3, Murano Ballroom. The show’s Press Conference room is located across from the press room in San Paolo #3401.SHOT Show Press Room HoursMonday, January 20– 12:00–5:30 PMTuesday, January 21– 7:30–6:00 PMWednesday, January 22 – 7:30 AM–6:30 PMThursday, January 23 – 7:30 AM–6:30 PMFriday, January 24 – 7:30 AM–3:00 PMSHOT Show Exhibitor HoursTuesday, January 21 – 8:30 AM–5:30 PMWednesday, January 22 – 8:30 AM–5:30 PMThursday, January 23 – 8:30 AM–5:30 PMFriday, January 24 – 8:30 AM–4:00 PMSome law enforcement section booths will open at 8:00 AM.
Personal Items in Press Area
Any personal property is solely the responsibility of the owner. Neither NSSF nor the SHOT Show is responsible for the loss or damage of any property in the press room, coat check area or press conference room. Also, no personal items may be left in the press room office area. Only authorized NSSF communications staff is allowed in this area.
Exhibitor-provided Press Materials
Media can access press kits, news releases and other exhibitor-provided press materials prior to, during and after the show in the new Digital Press Kit section. During the show, dedicated computer stations in the press room will allow viewing and printing of exhibitor press materials.Exhibitors can upload materials to the Digital Press Kit via the link in the Exhibitor Dashboard. All press materials are subject to approval by the NSSF communications team. NSSF reserves the right to refuse placement of any exhibitor or industry press materials on the Digital Press Kit site or that is being distributed in the SHOT Show press conference room or other show locations.
Show Photographs
NSSF makes downloadable photographs of the SHOT Show, NSSF State of the Industry presentation and select other show events on this photo site during and after the show. Media is welcome to use these photographs at no cost in appropriate coverage of the show.
Press Conferences
Press Conferences will be conducted in the show’s press conference room, San Paolo #3401, located at Venetian Level 3, across from the press room. Exhibitors may also schedule press conferences in their booths or other meeting rooms. NSSF keeps a record only of press conferences that are scheduled using the online reservation system for the show’s official press conference room.
Use of SHOT Show® Name and Trademarks
NSSF encourages media to use the SHOT Show® name and logo in their coverage of the show. There are, however, some important limitations. The “SHOT Show®,” “SHOTSM” and “Shooting, Hunting and Outdoor Trade ShowSM” names, logos and images, and affiliated names, logos and images, are trademarks or registered trademarks of the NSSF, which takes great strides to protect the SHOT Show brand.The press and other media representatives are permitted to make fair use of show trademarks in connection with general editorial and news coverage of the show subject to the SHOT Show Trademark Branding Guidelines. Use of show trademarks for profit or gain (e.g., use of show trademarks to sell media services) or for non-fair use purposes is prohibited.
Safety and Courtesy at Media Day at the Range
Media who attend SHOT Show Industry Day at the Range, which takes place the day before SHOT Show opens, are reminded to practice safe firearms handling always, follow range-officer commands at firing stations and, in general, be courteous to others and mindful of safety throughout the day. Your cooperation will contribute to a safe, efficiently run event. It will also help you make the most of your time at Industry Day at the Range.
Personal Firearms
Please remember that Industry Day at the Range Policy and Sands Expo Center policy prohibits the carrying of personal firearms and ammunition.
© Copyright 202011 Mile Hill Road, Newtown, CT 06470-2359(855) 355-7468 or (203) 270-2370  •  Contact UsPrivacy Statement  •  Linking Policy  •  Terms of Use
Twitter
Facebook-f
Linkedin-in
Youtube
Instagram
Flickr
Rss
REGISTER TODAY
Future Show Dates
2022: Jan 18–21, 2022
JAN 19–22, 2021 LAS VEGAS
Attendees
Show Details For
SHOT Show On Demand OverviewAttendee Admission Requirements Back
Planning Tools
NSSF Membership Back
Updates and Rules
Attendee NewsAttendee FAQs2021 Cancellation FAQsPolicies Back
Attendee News
Back
Back
Exhibitors
General Info
New Exhibitor InquiriesExhibitor FAQs2021 Cancellation FAQsNSSF MembershipPolicies Back
Exhibitor Tools
Exhibitor Dashboard Back
Exhibitor News
Back
Back
Media
Media
General Media InformationPress Room ResourcesExhibitor Press ReleasesMedia Planner LoginNewsroomMedia FAQsPolicies Back
Media News
Back
Back
Education
Education
SHOT Show On Demand EducationRetailer SeminarsSHOT UniversityExport Training Sessions Back
Education News
Back
Back
Events
Events
Supplier ShowcaseIndustry Day at the RangeNSSF/HAVA Golf Classic Back
Event News
Back
Back
Travel
Hotel and Travel
Hotel and Travel Back
Back
BlogRegister
× Close Panel
We use cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our website. By clicking "Accept" or using our website, you consent to the use of cookies unless you have disabled them.AcceptPrivacy policy