https://signalbox.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home Signal>
Privacy Policy>
Our Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website is called The Signal Box
Our website address is: https://signalbox.org/
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors post information at this site (for example in the visitors book or through the contact page) we collect the data, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
The data from contact forms is transmitted securely by email to the recipient using Secure Socket layers (SSL).
Cookies
To use certain parts of our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish something on the site, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
We embed very little content on this web site.
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We do not use any analytics service.
Who we share your data with
Your data is not shared with anybody outside the administration team, except in special cases where we may be required by law to do so.
How long we retain your data
If you post information on the site, the comment and its metadata may be retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up postings automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an external automated spam detection service.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any significant changes to this Privacy Policy will be notified to you with a fresh “cookie notice” when you next access the site.
Our contact information
You can contact us by visiting the Telegraph The Signalman page, or postally to:The Mill Wheel, 23A Church End, Potterspury, Northants NN12 7PX
Additional information
How we protect your data
Your data is kept on a web server in a modern and secure server centre.
Backup copies may be held securely on alternative servers and locally. In all cases backup copies are password-protected.
What data breach procedures we have in place
In the event of a data breach we consider it our duty to you to contact you promptly.
What third parties we receive data from
We don’t! We are not interested.
What happens if you ignore the cookie question or notification?
If you ignore the cookie question or the notification, the website will continue to set cookies as necessary. This approach of “implied opt-in” is specifically discussed and approved in the guidance notes issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office (the organisation charged with enforcement of this legislation).
<-- Back to last page
Search for:
Welcome (Home Signal)
Advanced Search
Photo Gallery
Signals
Lever Frames
Block System
Track Layouts
Branch Lines
Railway Companies and Contractors
Section C
Magazines
Book Shelf
Museums & Pubs
Exchange Sidings
Rule 55
The Blower
Telegraph The Signalman
Signal Links
What’s New? We hope you like the all-new web site, brought into use in April 2020. New features include:
Latest technology makes the site accessible to all
Mobile friendly site adapts for phones and tablets
Larger and better quality photos
Movie clips of level crossings work across all platforms
The Blower is back
Some pages of the site are still being developed – in particular the Photo Gallery and Signals sections are incomplete. Re-scanning and preparing the photographs to high quality will take time, but be assured these pages will continue to be added on a regular basis.
More information here.
Boring but true During 49,495 visits to The Signal Box  298,231 page views have been made since the new web site came into operation on 28th April 2020.
Thank you for visiting!
Black and White Premium WordPress Theme
Certain parts of this web site need to use "cookies" to operate efficiently and correctly. They are not used for any other purpose. We'll assume you are OK with this - see our Privacy Policy for more information.OKPrivacy policy