https://simpletractors.com/privacy/
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Announcements
Sign In or Password Problems?   10/09/2016
If you can't Sign In, you need to reset your password.  Use the Forgot Your Password link at the bottom of the Sign In screen, and the site will send you an email to reset it. If you have an AOL email account, use the Contact Us link at the bottom of the screen -- AOL is intermittently blocking email from the site.
Feedback Please!   10/28/2017
See News and Announcements forum.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.simpletractors.com and Simple trACtors LLC and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Simple trACtors LLC include www.simpletractors.com and Simple Tractors. The Simple Tractors website is a information site. By using the Simple Tractors website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
TRUSTe Privacy Program
Simple Tractors is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to build users' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have agreed to disclose our information practices and have our privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should first contact us at webmaster@simpletractors.com. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact TRUSTe at http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint. TRUSTe may serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.
Collection of your Personal Information
Simple Tractors may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase Simple Tractors's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. Simple Tractors may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your age and gender. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Simple Tractors. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Simple Tractors website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Simple Tractors's public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
Simple Tractors encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Simple Tractors so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Simple Tractors is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Simple Tractors website.
Use of your Personal Information
Simple Tractors collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Simple Tractors may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Simple Tractors and its affiliates. Simple Tractors may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Simple Tractors does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Simple Tractors may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Simple Tractors, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Simple Tractors may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Simple Tractors, in order to determine what Simple Tractors services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Simple Tractors to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Simple Tractors will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Simple Tractors or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Simple Tractors; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Simple Tractors, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Simple Tractors website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Simple Tractors pages, or register with Simple Tractors site or services, a cookie helps Simple Tractors to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Simple Tractors website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Simple Tractors features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Simple Tractors services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
To secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, Simple Tractors uses Trustwave . When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
Simple Tractors does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Simple Tractors by contacting us .
Changes to this Statement
Simple Tractors will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Simple Tractors encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Simple Tractors is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Simple Tractors welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Simple Tractors has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Simple Tractors at:
Simple trACtors LLC
1323 Elmerine Ave.
Jefferson City, MO 65101
Email Address:
webmaster@simpletractors.com
Effective as of July 6, 2018
Simple trACtors, 13495 T.R. 57, Rawson, Ohio, 45881
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy