http://singleparenttravel.net/about/privacy/
Contact Us
Media Inquiries
Terms Of Service
Privacy
Our Philosophy
Our History
About Brenda
About John
Downloads
Our Blog
Our Articles
Current Trips
Old Trips
Privacy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or mailing address.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
The email address you provide, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to this site, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information).
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors like here. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms of Service
Please also visit our Terms of Service section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, send an email notifying you of any changes, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on March 15, 2009
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Single Parent Travel
PO Box 4875
Annapolis, MD 21403
US
john@singleparenttravel.net
410-280-0231
Like this:Like Loading...
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
ConnectConnect with us on the following social media platforms.
OUR FACEBOOK PAGE
OUR FACEBOOK PAGE
Hours & InfoPO Box 4875
Annapolis, MD 214031-410-280-0231M-F 10AM TO 6PM EST
Other Times By Appointment
Travel Emergencies - 24/7
©
2020 Single Parent Travel. WordPress Theme by Solostream. Site managed by Merisign
%d bloggers like this: