https://skydivechicago.com/privacy-policy/
CALENDARGIFT CARDSBOOK NOWPrivacy PolicyPRIVACY POLICYSkydive Chicago, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.skydivechicago.com website and governs data collection and usage. By using this website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.1. Collecting Information.Skydive Chicago’s website automatically collects information about your computer hardware and software, “cookies”. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Skydive Chicago, Inc. for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Skydive Chicago, Inc.’s website.   Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Skydive Chicago’s public forums, this information may be collected and used by others.   Skydive Chicago encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from this website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information.  Skydive Chicago is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of this website.2. Using Collected Information.The Skydive Chicago website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.Opting out.  You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the  Skydive Chicago services or websites you visit.Information collected on this website may be used for the following purposes:Website activity: This is data about your browsing activity on Skydive Chicago, Inc.’s website.Device and browser information: This is technical information about the device or browser you use to access Skydive Chicago, Inc.’s website. For example, your device’s IP address, cookie string data and (in the case of mobile devices) your device type and mobile device’s unique identifier such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID.Ad data: This is data about the online ads we have served (or attempted to serve) to you. It includes things like how many times an ad has been served to you, what page the ad appeared on, and whether you clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad.Data from Advertising Partners: This is data that we receive from other digital advertising companies that we work with (“Advertising Partners”) to help us deliver ads to you and recognize you across browsers and devices. This may include pseudonymous advertiser identifiers that some Advertisers or other third party ad platforms choose to share with us, such as your “Customer ID” with an Advertiser or an identifier associated with a hashed (not readable) version of your email address. We may work with these Advertising Partners to synchronize their unique, anonymous identifiers to our own to enhance data points about a particular unique browser or device.3.   Sharing Personal Information.Skydive Chicago, Inc. secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Skydive Chicago, Inc. secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.4.  Security.Skydive Chicago takes reasonable security measures to protect against the loss or misuse of information under its control. We do not guarantee that our security measures will work.  Skydive Chicago does not represent, warrant, or guarantee that its websites or social media platforms will eliminate all potential for loss, corruption, viruses, malware, hacking, or other security breaches.5.  Changes to our Privacy Policy.If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.  If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy please email info@skydivechicago.com. Recent Posts 4-Way FS Rookie! Skydiving Nationals 2.0 Skydive Chicago’s October 2019 Newsletter Tips For Your First Time Skydiving Experience Top 7 Things You Didn’t Know About Skydive ChicagoTagsA License Club A License in a week Cookout enjoy2017 freefall free skydive gearless chris productions i wanna skydive jump from a plane learn to skydive Packing Class Safety Day saftey day sdc skydive chicago skydive in chicago thefreefallfoundation