https://skydivejersey.net/terms/
terms | Skydive Jersey
01534 747410
|     info@skydive.je
|
07797 813 944
Skydive Jersey
Skydive Jersey
Navigation
Home
Gift Vouchers
Guernsey
Booking
Charity Events
Documents
News
Contact
Home
Gift Vouchers
Guernsey
Booking
Charity Events
Documents
News
Contact
Skydive Jersey Term & Conditions, GDPR, privacy and data protection policies.
Please note that the ‘Tandem Skydive Course Important Information’ also forms part of our conditions.
By booking a tandem skydive with us, you should have read and agreed to our terms and conditions and the Important ‘Tandem Skydive course important information'. For group organisers, It is your responsibility to read this information, and distribute it to your members. We accept no responsibility for group members who having booked a skydive, are not aware of our booking conditions.
We adhere to the British Skydiving (BS) rules & regulations and as such ask you to comply with our centre’s rules at all times.
Alcohol must not be consumed before the jump. A student, who is considered intoxicated, will be refused to complete their course and will forfeit their jump and any monies paid, as well as having to pay the balance owed.
Strict weight limitations apply: 14.5 Stones, 210Lbs or 95Kg fully clothed. We may ask you to be weighed on the day of your jump. Should you be over the limit, you will not be able to jump and will forfeit your course and deposit paid. Weight limits are set for your safety upon landing, and the limitations of the parachuting equipment.
We reserve the right to postpone your jump, should your instructor consider conditions to be unsafe for your particular weight or build, even if you do meet the stated requirements, and other parachuting is taking place. This is for your safety.
I understand that I will be asked to complete a medical declaration form F115A or doctors consent form F115B before making the jump. I acknowledge that I have read and understood the medical requirements, and consider myself in a fit condition on the day of the jump, else I should not attend.
You must complete the ‘Student Tandem Medical declaration’ F115A or F115B before you start your course. Failure to produce the form will prevent you from making a skydive. We recommend that you send the form to us at least 7 days before the jump. In the case of a doctors endorsement, it may be wise to make a copy of this form, or deliver it in person.
The reasonable level of fitness required. You must be able to lift your legs and feet up from a seated position, and hold for 10 seconds.
Minors aged 16 to 18 years can take a tandem course with the permission of their parent or guardian. The parent/guardian must sign a ‘Membership Agreement’ (F106), and also be the witness for the ‘Student Tandem Medical Declaration’ (F115A).
Deposits and monies once paid, are strictly non-refundable.
All prices are accurate on the published date, but we reserve the right to change them at any time, in particular to reflect the increase of fuel, or airport fees.
Your booking will become effective once you have paid your deposit to us, and we have confirmed it via email, within 3 days. The balance of payment is due on the day of the jump.
We will endeavour to book your course on your preferred date and time, subject to availability.
Payments can be made by cash or cards. We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
All virtual shop products are available for direct download, after completion of the checkout process.
Refunds are not normally accepted, except in unusual or sympathetic circumstances.
Should you instruct your debit/credit card company to “charge back” any payment properly due to us, we will charge you £10 per incident plus associated costs. We further reserve the right to cancel your booking, and to take legal action against you for all outstanding payment.
Once you have booked and paid your deposit, you must attempt to make your skydive within 12 months. When booking your date, we encourage you select it to be early to mid season in order to allow sufficient time for re-scheduling should it be necessary. Failure to arrange a date within the validity period of your booking, will incur a revalidation charge of the deposit amount.
Upon receipt of your confirmation, please make sure all the information is correct. Should it be incorrect, contact us within 10 days. Beyond this delay, we shall not be liable.
Your reporting time is when you should make yourself available for your course, on the day of your jump. It is not your take off, jumping or landing time, as it may, subject to various conditions described in the information sheet, it may take the whole day before you are able to jump.
A change of jump date is permitted, subject to availability and may incur a fee of £30. Transfer to another person is permitted for a fee of £30 upon validation of the age, weight, and medical conditions. Notice for both must be given at least 7 days before the scheduled jump. Failure to do so and/or appear on the day will result in you forfeiting your deposit amount, as well as having to pay the balance of the course.
We will try to meet any special requests but cannot guarantee to do so. We accept no liability if they are not fulfilled.
You must attend a training course ahead of your jump. You will agree to fully comply and execute the instructions provided during training and on the day of your jump, by your BS qualified instructor.
Gift vouchers, whether cash, video tandem or solo jump, are valid for 12 months from the day of purchase and must be paid in full. They are non-refundable and cannot be redeemed for cash. They can be extended for 1 year for a fee equal to the deposit amount.
The video option can be booked up to 2 weeks prior to the jump. Full payment is required on the day. It should be available for collection from 7 days after the jump.
The photographic equipment we use, can be subjected to extreme conditions of temperature, humidity, vibration and acceleration forces. On the very rare occasions when equipment malfunctions or produces images obscured by condensation or frost beyond our control, we are not be held responsible. Under these situations, the management will seek to come to a satisfactory solution, based on the fee paid for the video proportion of the agreement. Any video equipment that malfunctions thus described, does not entitle participants to another free skydive.
Video images captured will vary depending on conditions on the day, including but not limited to, lighting conditions and any cloud formations if present. Any complaints should be brought to the attention of the manger on the day, or as soon as practicable after the event, so that an evaluation can be made. A video shot at mid-day, will have different visuals to a sunset jump. Both may have stunning effects, but we cannot offer sunset shots at 12 noon, and vice-versa.
The Chief Instructor is responsible for your safety, and that of the other students and instructors. He acts under strict rules and regulations. The ultimate decision lies with him to confirm whether you can jump on the day.
We will not communicate with intoxicated or disruptive spectators and will not accept abuse from any spectators, who must follow instructions from the safety Marshall’s at all times.
We operate under safety guidelines laid out by British Skydiving. Circumstances beyond Skydive Jersey’s control, including but not limited to high winds, cloud cover, tidal conditions, refuelling delays, busy air traffic control and specialist aircraft technical faults, all of which we cannot be held responsible for, may delay or stop the day’s operations. If conditions are not suitable, we will wait for an improvement. Only the Chief Instructor will decide when to resume or cancel the jumping. If you haven’t jumped for the above reasons, you should re-schedule your course for a future date of operation which will incur no further cost, within your period of validity.
We reserve the right to change or postpone the day’s operation or modify our opening days at any times. Should your course be affected, we will let you know as promptly as possible that you should re-schedule it for a suitable alternate date, but we cannot accept responsibility for any extra cost incurred on your behalf to attend the re-scheduled date.
Your BS tandem provisional membership, includes 3rd party liability insurance. This does not cover you for personal injury or fatal accident. It is valid for 12 months from the date of your  first attendance. If you have not completed your skydive within  12 months, an insurance renewal fee will be levied at the current cost.
Skydiving is an extreme activity, which could result in serious injury or death. You and your representatives must accept all risks linked to the sport and cannot hold Skydive Jersey Ltd responsible for any personal injury, damage or loss (including death). You will accept sole responsibility. Claims from yourself or third parties in relation to personal injury, damage, loss and death cannot be made against Skydive Jersey Ltd.
It is important to immediately register any complaint on the day of the event. We will then endeavour to solve the problem. Should you remain unsatisfied, please address your complaint to us in writing within 7 days. No complaint can be dealt with unless this procedure is adhered to.
We do our best to provide you with correct, updated and accurate information on our leaflet, website and Facebook page. However changes and errors may occur and we reserve the right to change the information. The photographs are not contractual.
Skydive Jersey regrets it can not accept any claims for expenses incurred, such as travel or hotel accommodation, should a jump be delayed, cancelled or postponed, for any reason, however we will endeavour to provide a satisfactory outcome.
When someone visits one of our websites, we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our websites. We will not associate any data gathered from our website with any personally identifying information from any source.
Our websites may contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third-party websites have their own privacy policies, including cookies, and we urge you to review them. They will govern the use of personal information which you submit or which is collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site will not work.
If you have signed up to receive our emails, or agreed to be sent  our marketing material, then you are free to unsubscribe at any time, by clicking the unsubscribe link, or contacting us directly with the details of the email address you wish to be removed.
Our strict policy is not to share or sell your email address or contact details to any other third party.
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Email *Comment or Message *WebsiteSend Email
Gift Vouchers
Make Booking
Calendar
FAQ’s
terms
Book
Members
Cashpoint
POWERED BY FEELING GOOD © skydivejersey 2020
WhatsAppUs
WhatsApp Share