http://smartmaniacs.co.uk/help
Login or Sign Up
Log in with
SECTIONS
Forums
Rules
Twitter
Member List
Home
Help
If this is your first visit, be sure to
check out the FAQ by clicking the
link above. You may have to register
before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages,
select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.
Announcement
Collapse
No announcement yet.
smartManiacs help
Collapse
Here you can find answers to questions about how the board works. Use the links or search box below to find your way around.
Search
+ More Options
Search In
Titles Only
Both help item titles and text
Select this option if you would like your search to look in the text of help items as well as their titles.
Show only help items that contain...
Any words
All words
Complete phrase
Select an option here to specify how you would like your search query to be treated. 'Any words' will return the most numerous but possibly least relevant results, while 'Complete phrase' will return only results that contain exactly what you are searching for.
- Less Options
User Maintenance
Why should I Register?
Does this forum use Cookies
How do I clear my Cookies?
How can I change the information in my profile?
I lost my password, what can I do?
General Forum Usage
What is Private Messaging?
Can I search the Smartmaniacs forum?
Attaching pictures & picture sizes
Members Assuming Multiple Identities
Punitive Measures
Technical Issues
Why can't I post?
General Help
Forums, Topics and Posts
Registration
Login / Logoff
How do I recover my lost password?
Facebook Connect
Publishing Content to Facebook
Searching this Site
Finding New Content
Cookies (and how they are used.)
How do I clear my cookies or cache?
Terms of Service
Managing Your Account
How do I change my settings?
How do I change my Avatar?
How do I customize my profile?
How do I reset my user profile to the default?
How do I edit my signature?
Can I use images in my signature?
How do I manage my privacy?
How do I manage my notifications?
What are Subscribers?
How do I ignore another member?
Using Private Messages
Using Visitor Messages
What is Reputation?
Creating Content
Creating Forum Topics
How do I share photos?
How do I share links and videos?
How do I create a Poll?
Advanced Editing (using BBCode)
Sending Messages to Other Users
How do I manage attachments?
Flagging Inappropriate Content
How do I follow an important discussion?
Managing Blogs
How do I create a new blog?
How do I add additional owners to my blog?
How do I manage Blog Members?
Managing Permissions and Privacy for your Blog
Managing Groups
How do I create a new group?
How do I add moderators to my group?
How do I manage group members?
Managing Permissions and Privacy for your Group
Managing Photo Albums
How do I create a new Album?
How do I add photos to an album?
Why can't I create new video albums?
What is the Posted Photos album for?
How do I delete an Album?
How do I reuse a photo?
BBCode Reference
Why BBCode?
Basic BBCode
Creating Links
Using Quotes
Inline Media (Photos and Videos)
Using Smilies
Creating Lists
Creating Tables
Using Code Snippets
Why should I Register?
In order to fully utilize the abilities of smartmaniacs,
you will need to register as a member. Registration is free, and allows you to do the following:
Post new threads
Reply to other peoples' threads
Edit your posts
Receive email notification of replies to posts and threads you specify
Send private messages to other members
Enter events in the forum calendar
Set up a 'buddy-list' to quickly see which of your friends are currently online
To register, you will need to specify a username and password, and a valid email address. Entering your email address will not leave you open to 'spam', as you can choose to hide your email address, and messages sent to you via email do not reveal your address to the sender in any case. (To verify this, you can try sending an email message to another user.) The administrator may have configured the forum to send you the final part of the registration process by email, so ensure that the email address you provide is valid and working.
If you are under the age of 13, the administrator may require that a parent or guardian provides consent before allowing you to complete the registration process. More information about this is available during the registration process.
Help
Contact Us
Go to top
Powered by vBulletin® Version 5.2.0 Copyright © 2020 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
The views and opinions expressed on this website are those of individual members and guests of the smartManiacs forum and not those of smartManiacs unless explicitly stated. smartManiacs is not responsible for the content of links to external websites. © smartManiacs
All times are GMT0. This page was generated at 06:05 AM.
Working...
Yes
No
OK
OK
Cancel
X