http://smokingsection.com/privacy-policy/
E-Cigarette Reviews | The Smoking Section
Honest e-cig reviews.
ELECTRONIC CIGARETTE REVIEWSHonest e-cigarette reviews and ratingsfor the best e-cig brandson the market.
We'll help you decide on an e-cigarette.We've already tried them all.
Privacy Policy and Contact Us
Leave a comment
Go to comments
Contact Us
The Smoking Section is owned and operated by Smoke Signals, Inc., 2658 Del Mar Heights Rd. #J600, Del Mar, CA. You can contact us anytime via email, at admin @ smokingsection.com.
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, E-Cigs | The Smoking Section has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Collection of Personal Information
When visiting E-Cigs | The Smoking Section, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party Websites
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of E-Cigs | The Smoking Section then please contact us: admin @ smokingsection . com.
Recent E-Cigarette News
New York City Bans E-Cigs Indoors
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, as one of his final act before leaving office, has signed... more»
Municipal Ordinances Banning E-Cigarette Use Gathering Steam
The push to apply anti-smoking regulations to e-cigs seems to be gaining traction at the local... more»
A Big Win for E-Cigs in Europe
Electronic cigarette manufacturers are heartened by a decision by the European Parliament, which... more»
E-Cig Legislative Battles Continue
In a group of three measures submitted to New York’s City Council by Mayor Michael Bloomberg,... more»
CLICK HERE FOR MORE E-CIGARETTE NEWS.
Popular Site Links
Are E-Cigarettes Safe?
Benefits of E-Cigarettes
Celebrities Who Smoke E-Cigarettes
How Do E-Cigarettes Work?
Privacy Policy and Contact Us
What is an e-cigarette?
** CURRENT SPECIALS ** These are specials being offered by e-cigarette manufacturers.
Our listings have NO effect on our unbiased reviews.
V2 CIGS
Use the code “smokingsection15” for a 15% discount on all V2 Cigs starter kits.
Use the code “smokingsection” for a 10% discount on all other V2 Cigs merchandise.
Click here to activate.
GREEN SMOKE
Use the code “smokingsection” for a 10% discount on all Green Smoke purchases over $100, or a 5% discount on all Green Smoke purchases under $100.
Click here to shop.
SOUTH BEACH SMOKE
Click here for a 10% discount on all South Beach Smoke starter kits (except express and disposable).
PREMIUM ELECTRONIC CIGARETTES
Use the code “SS10off” for a 10% discount on all Premium Electronic Cigarettes starter kits.
Click here to shop.
VAPOR COUTURE
Use the code “smokingsection15” for a 15% discount on all Vapor Couture starter kits.
Use the code “smokingsection” for a 10% discount on all other Vapor Couture merchandise.
Click here to shop.
WHITE CLOUD ELECTRONIC CIGARETTES
Use the code “WCKIT15” for a 15% discount on any starter kit.
Click here to shop.
CHASE CIGS
Use the code “smokingsection” for a 10% discount on all Chase Cigs merchandise.
Click here to shop.
EVERSMOKE
Click here for a 10% discount on all Eversmoke starter kits.
OZONE SMOKE
Use the code “ssection15” for a 15% discount on all merchandise.
Click here to shop.
BEDFORD SLIMS
Use the code “smoke10" for a 10% discount on all merchandise.
Click here to shop.
Follow Us on Twitter
Check out our new site:
t.co/567q0aNCx5 :)
Time ago 2346 Days via Twitter Web Client
Reply -
Retweet -
Favorite
Follow
@SmokingSection2
on twitter.
Receive special offers, coupons and deals for electronic cigarettes in your email!
Name:
Email:
We respect your email privacy
Email Marketing by AWeber
Whenever a special deal is available, we'll let you know!
Reviewed Brands:
Bedford Slims
Bull Smoke
EverSmoke
EZ Smoker
Frii
Green Smoke
Ozone Smoke
Premium Electronic
Real Electronic
The Safe Cig
Smoke Assist
Smoke Tip
South Beach Smoke
V2 Cigs
Vapor Couture
Victory Electronic
White Cloud
Search by Category
E-Cigs
Electronic Cigarette News
Nicotine or Nicotine-Free
Nicotine-Free
Top
Copyright © 2011-2014 E-Cigarette Reviews | The Smoking Section
FTC Disclaimer
Smoking Section Heritage Site