https://solitaryislandsresort.com.au/privacy-policy/
DATED: 9/3/18 This web site https://solitaryislandsresort.com.au is owned and operated by Solitary Islands Resort  and will be referred to as “We”, “our” and “us” in this Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy). By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy relates to the collection and use of personal information you may supply to us through your conduct on the web site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. This Privacy Policy is in addition to any other terms and conditions applicable to the web site. We recognise the importance of protecting the privacy of information collected about visitors to our web site, particularly information that is capable of identifying an individual (“personal information”). This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which your personal information, obtained through the web site, will be dealt with. This Privacy Policy should be reviewed periodically so that you are updated on any changes. We welcome your comments and feedback. Personal Information Personal information about visitors to our site is collected only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted. For example, we may need to collect such information to provide you with further services or to answer or forward any requests or enquiries. It is our intention that this policy will protect your personal information from being dealt with in any way that is inconsistent with applicable privacy laws in Australia. Personal information collected may include, but not be limited to: name, email address, mailing address, phone number, etc. Users may refuse to provide personal information, except that such refusal may prevent them from utilising some or all of the services provided on the site. Use of Information Personal information that visitors submit to our site is used only for the purpose for which it is submitted or for such other secondary purposes that are related to the primary purpose, unless we disclose other uses in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection. Copies of correspondence sent from the web site, that may contain personal information, are stored as archives for record-keeping and back-up purposes only. We may from time to time, use your personal information to contact you about: important changes to our services, planned service outages, any communication necessary for the provision of agreed services to you, and promotional materials if you have consented to receiving them. Collecting information on Registered members As part of registering with us, we collect personal information about you in order for you to take full advantage of our services. To do this it may be necessary for you to provide additional information to us as detailed below. Registration is completely optional. Registration may include submitting your name, email address, address, telephone numbers, and option on receiving updates and promotional material and other information. You may access this information at any time by logging in and going to your account. Credit Card Details Credit Card details are only stored for the processing of payments and will be deleted once payment is processed. Disclosure Apart from where you have consented or disclosure is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was submitted, personal information may be disclosed in special situations where we have reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone damaging, injuring, or interfering (intentionally or unintentionally) with our rights or property, users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose personal information in compliance with a court order, co-operation with criminal investigations, other situations in which we reasonably believe disclosure is required to comply with laws, and to prevent or minimise harm to personal or public safety. We may engage third parties to provide you with goods or services on our behalf. In that circumstance, we may disclose your personal information to those third parties in order to meet your request for goods or services. From time to time, we may need to transfer your information to overseas entities that are not subject to same level of privacy protections as Australia. Reasons for this may include: backup storage, and provision of services by third parties. When this is required, we will notify you and obtain consent for this transfer. Security We strive to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to our sites, and we review and update our security measures in light of current technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. However, we will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information you may transmit to us or from our online products and services. Once we do receive your transmission, we will also make our best efforts to ensure its security on our systems. In addition, our employees and the contractors who provide services related to our information systems are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us. However, we will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorised access to your personal information. Links to external websites Our websites may contain hyperlinks to websites not controlled by us. We cannot and do not provide assurances of privacy and information security related to such websites. Collecting Information from Users IP AddressesOur web servers gather your IP address to assist with the diagnosis of problems or support issues with our services. Again, information is gathered in aggregate only and cannot be traced to an individual user. CookiesWe may use cookies to provide you with a better experience. These cookies allow us to increase your security by storing your session ID and are a way of monitoring single user access. This aggregate, non-personal information is collated and provided to us to assist in analysing the usage of the site. Users may choose to disable cookies, but this may result in loss of some or all of the site’s functionality. AppletsApplets are small programs embedded within web pages to provide interactivity that is not able to be facilitated by standard HTML code. Some applets may collect limited information about you (such as computer hardware and software parameters) in order to provide interactive capability and content. Non-personal InformationCertain non-personal information may also be collected by the site. This may include: browser name, the type of computer and technical information about a user’s means of connection to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider utilised and other similar information. This information is used to customise the user’s experience of our site, and to assist in managing the site and its supporting infrastructure. Google Adsense Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non-personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Access to Information We will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you, and to keep this information accurate and up to date. If, at any time, you discover that information held about you is incorrect, you may contact us using the details on our website, to have the information corrected. Registered users can access their information by logging into the website and viewing their account. Our employees and the contractors who provide services related to our information systems are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us. Changes to this privacy policy We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your acceptance of these terms By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. Problems or questions If we become aware of any ongoing concerns or problems with our web sites, we will take these issues seriously and work to address these concerns. If you have any further queries relating to our Privacy Policy, or you have a problem or complaint, please contact us at: Email: admin@solitaryislandsresort.com.auPost: PO Box 19, Wooli NSW 2462 For more information about privacy issues in Australia and protecting your privacy, visit the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner’s web site: http://www.privacy.gov.au/.