https://southernboating.com/privacy-policy/
About Us
Subscribe
Boats
Boats for Sale
Center Consoles
Motoryachts
Power Cats
Trawlers & Tugs
Sport Fishing
Tenders & Ribs
Sport Cruisers
Destinations
U.S. Atlantic
U.S. Gulf
U.S. Inland
Bahamas
Caribbean
Central/South America
Europe
Pacific
Engine & Upkeep
Inboards
Outboards
Electrical
Generators
Hull
Maintenance
DIY
Electronics & Gear
Electronics
Gadgets
Apparel
Safety Gear
Gifts
Food
Web Reader
Advertise With Us
About Us
Advertise
Subscribe
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2015 The Voux, All rights Reserved. Created by Fuelthemes
Southern Boating & Yachting, Inc. Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services, and websites offered by Southern Boating & Yachting, Inc. and its subsidiaries or affiliated companies (hereafter referred to as SB&Y). To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our privacy practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by SB&Y. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy that are not addressed in this document, please email us: info@southernboating.com or via postal mail at:
Publisher/Privacy Policy
Southern Boating & Yachting, Inc.
1591 E. Atlantic Blvd.
Pompano Beach, FL 33060
Information that SB&Y may collect
You are able to take advantage of many SB&Y products, services, and websites without providing any information that personally identifies you. We only collect personally identifying information when you voluntarily submit it to us. Depending on the request or situation, we may need personally identifying information in order to provide you with the products and services that you request, and we may ask you for a variety of personally-identifying information. This might include, for example, your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, gender, and birth date. We may also ask for other information about you such as your credit card information (when you are making a purchase), interests, income, or education level. We consider certain identifying information “sensitive.” This includes your credit card number, income level, or any other information that would normally be considered confidential. You may choose not to provide us with any personally identifying information. In that case, you can still access and use many portions of our websites, however, you will not be able to access and use those portions of any SB&Y website that require your personal information.
Some SB&Y websites may include community features such as online forums and message boards. Information that is posted in these areas becomes public information and the use that any third party makes of this information is beyond our ability to control. You should exercise caution before disclosing any personally identifying information in these public venues. If you elect to submit content that includes information that can be used to identify you, you must assume that the content can and will be displayed on any website on the Internet.
At some SB&Y sites and through certain promotions, you may be able to submit personally identifying information about other people. For example, you might submit a person’s name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card, or if you order a gift online or offline and want it sent directly to the recipient, you might submit the recipient’s name and address. Some SB&Y websites may also provide referral services to help you inform a friend about our websites, products or services. The types of personally identifying information that we collect about other people at pages like these may include the person’s name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number. We will only ask you for the information about your friend that we need in order to do what you request.
In some circumstances, we may also collect non-personally identifying information. When you visit an SB&Y website, we may collect information such as the type of browser you use, your operating system, your IP address, and the domain name of your Internet Service Provider. This information on its own does not permit individual identification, meaning that you will remain anonymous. However, if you elect to provide us with personally identifying information during your visit, that information may be linked to your IP address.
When you visit our websites, we may send one or more cookies—small, removable data files—to your computer. We use cookies to uniquely identify your browser, which allows us to enhance and personalize your online experience at SB&Y websites. For example, cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to a website and present relevant content to you when you visit. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can configure your browser to warn you when cookies are sent or to refuse all cookies. Some of the features and services of SB&Y websites, however, may not operate properly if your cookies are disabled. Cookies, by themselves, do not provide us with any personally identifying information.
On our websites, we may also use tiny graphic images called pixel tags, web beacons, or clear gifs. These tiny images help us to analyze our users’ online behavior and collect other data such as page views or advertising responses. Pixel tags also allow us to send you email in a format that you can read, and let us know when you have opened an email message from us. Pixel tags may also be used to deliver cookies. Some of our websites may also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit. These companies may use non-personally identifying information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We may work with reputable third parties that provide data tracking and collection technologies in order to:
Present or serve the advertisements you may see at SB&Y websites;
Deliver and track e-mail communications;
Process purchase orders through e-commerce transactions;
Fulfill print and digital subscription orders; and
Provide marketing leads to third-party organizations (where you have agreed to allow us to do so).
These companies may collect information about you on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process any such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We may allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third-party web beacon to collect this information.
SB&Y websites may offer contests, sweepstakes, or promotions that are sponsored by or co-sponsored with identified third parties. By virtue of their sponsorship, these third parties may obtain personally identifying information that visitors voluntarily submit to them in order to participate in the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion. SB&Y has no control over the third-party sponsors’ use of this information. If a third-party sponsor beyond our control will obtain information that you supply us, we will notify you at the time we collect the information from you. For certain promotions, only those who provide us with the requested personally identifying information will be able to order products, programs, and services, or otherwise participate in the promotion’s activities and offerings.
Some of our websites contain links to other sites. By clicking on these links, you will leave the website operated by SB&Y, and this Privacy Policy will no longer apply. These other sites’ information practices may be different than ours. You should consult the other sites’ privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to or collected by these third parties.
How we use the information we collect
We use the personally identifying information that you provide us to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about offerings, and to offer you other products, programs, or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We may use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests, when we make changes to subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account with us.
We may syndicate the publicly available content of our community areas to unaffiliated third-party websites, using RSS or other technologies. The information you have shared in the community areas may be included in this syndication.
We will use the personally identifying information that you provide about others in order to provide the products or services that you have requested, for example, to enable us to send them your gifts or cards. If you provide us someone else’s personally identifying information for referral purposes, we may use that information to invite them to visit our websites or to provide them information about our products or services.
If you provide us with your email or postal address, we may include that address in email or postal address lists that we sell, trade, barter, or rent to third parties. These lists will never contain sensitive information. If you do not wish for your email or postal address to be shared with companies not owned by SB&Y who want to market products or services to you, you have the opportunity to opt out, as described below. You may also opt out of the receipt of any marketing materials from SB&Y as detailed below.
We may transfer your sensitive personally identifying information to other SB&Y offices for internal management and administrative purposes. Transfers of personally identifying information may also be made where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
SB&Y will only share your sensitive personal information with outside companies or individuals in any of the following limited circumstances:
When we use trusted businesses or persons to process personal information on our behalf. Before sharing any personal information with outside parties, we require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
When we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with applicable law, regulation, or legal process; (b) enforce the applicable Terms of Service or other agreements and policies on the Company’s websites; (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property, or safety or SB&Y, its users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
When you consent. Before we share your sensitive personal information outside of the previously listed circumstances, we will ask you for permission first. Please note that this only applies to sensitive information, as defined above.
We may also use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users for any legal purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners. In no event will this aggregated data contain any information that could be used to identify individual users of our products or services.
How we protect the safety and integrity of the information we collect
We take appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural measures to safeguard and protect your personal information. We use a variety of security measures, including encryption and authentication, to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information. We store your personal information on systems behind firewalls that are only accessible to a limited number of persons, each of whom is required to keep the information confidential. We also take appropriate measures to secure the transmission of sensitive personal information from your computer to the Company’s computers. When you transmit sensitive personal information to us, like credit card information, we offer the use of a secure connection to our servers. To the extent you select the secure connection method or your browser supports such functionality, all credit card account information that you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. Regardless of these measures, no system connected to the Internet or data transmission sent over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We will provide notice if we become aware of any security breach that may affect any sensitive personal information pertaining to you that we have stored on our systems.
SB&Y employees, agents and contractors who have access to personally identifying information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and may not use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for SB&Y. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution if they fail to meet these obligations.
SB&Y only collects personal information that is relevant to the purposes for which it will be used. Though we do take appropriate steps to review and update the information that we store to ensure that it is accurate, complete, and current, we also depend on you to update or correct your personal information when necessary.
You may correct or delete any or all of the personal information you have provided to us at any time. To inquire about personally identifiable information that SB&Y has collected about you, or about other ways to correct factual errors in that information, please email info@southernboating.com. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. We will decline to process requests where we cannot verify the identity of the requester. We may also decline to process requests that are automated, repetitive, systematic, or impractical, or that might jeopardize the privacy of others.
In some limited circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce our policies, we may retain some of information that you have requested us to remove. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personal information would be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests.
We only use the information we collect for purposes consistent with this policy. If we propose to use your personal information for purposes beyond that explained in this policy, we will provide appropriate notice before doing so and we will provide you with the means to opt out of those uses. We will not use your sensitive personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Policy unless we have obtained your consent.
Enforcement and Compliance with this Privacy Policy
We take our Privacy Policy seriously and we regularly review our own compliance with this Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, or if you think that we have used your personal information in a manner inconsistent with this Policy, please contact us at:
Publisher/Privacy Policy
Southern Boating & Yachting, Inc.
1591 E. Atlantic Blvd, Second Floor
Pompano Beach, FL 33060
If we receive a complaint from you, we will contact you in an attempt to address your concerns. If we are not able to resolve a complaint, we will participate in the appropriate independent recourse mechanism as necessary.
Terms and conditions of website use
All content (including but not limited to text, graphics, design, programming, documents, and anything else appearing) on all SB&Y websites falls under the category of “Intellectual Property Rights” and is the property of SB&Y or the property of third parties as indicated, and is protected by U.S. Federal Copyright law and other regulations recognized by international laws and treaties. You may not reproduce, modify, display, sell, or distribute the content or use it in any other way for public or commercial purposes. The foregoing limitations include, but are not limited to, copying or adapting the HTML code used to generate pages on the website, as well as any graphics.
You may not send unsolicited commercial email to the email addresses provided on the any SB&Y website. The posting of SB&Y staff email addresses is not to be construed as and does not constitute consent to use of them by any seller of services, any compiler of mailing lists, or any other non-authorized use without prior permission from SB&Y. In addition, spam, chain emails, advertising solicitations and similar email solicitations are expressly prohibited. Keep in mind that any information sent to SB&Y via email is not secure and is sent on a non-confidential basis.
Any and all attempts to damage, interfere with, probe, scan or test the vulnerability of SB&Y websites, systems and networks or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization are forbidden, and prosecution will be pursued to the full extent of the law. This includes attempting to interfere with the proper functioning of the website by submitting a virus to the website or SB&Y by overloading, “flooding”, “mailbombing”, “crashing”, or any other subversive methods.
By using any SB&Y website you do so willingly under the full knowledge and admission that every attempt to provide accurate content has been made but SB&Y makes no guarantee or warrantee, express or implied, explicitly disclaiming, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose regarding the service or information to you or any third party. Furthermore, you acknowledge that in no event shall SB&Y or any third party contributing content or services be liable to you or any other party for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or incidental damages from the use of any SB&Y website or product. You agree to indemnify and hold SB&Y harmless from any and all liability, claims, causes of action, damages, expenses, attorneys fees that arise from noncompliance with these terms and conditions.
Effective September 1, 2014
Boats For Sale
Builder
Year
Length
FeetMeters
Price
AUDCADCHFEURGBPHKDNZDSEKUSD
POWERED BY
It’s the best of boating, weekly.
* indicates required
Email Address *
Zip Code *
About Us
Advertise
Subscribe
Contact Us
Privacy Policy