http://speysidedistillery.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions - SPEY from Speyside Distillery
HOME
History
The Founders
Prohibition Era
Royal Connections
Contact Us
The Distillery
Our Distillery
Our Skills
THE SNUG
Speyside Distillery Gallery
Visits by Appointment
Our Whisky
Single Malt
Online Shop
Events Calendar
News
News
Charity News
Upcoming Events
Home
History
The Founders
Prohibition Era
Royal Connections
Contact Us
The Distillery
Our Distillery
Our Skills
THE SNUG
Speyside Distillery Gallery
Visits by Appointment
Our Whisky
Single Malt
Online Shop
Events Calendar
News
News
Charity News
Upcoming Events
Menu
Terms & Conditions
Speyside Distillers Company – Terms and conditions
By entering our website you agree to our terms and conditions. These are as follows:
Ownership
This website is owned and managed by Speyside Distillers Company Ltd.
Speyside Distillers Company Ltd is registered in Scotland under company number 199495 and our registered office is
Speyside Distillers Company Ltd. 197 Bath Street, Glasgow G2
This website is subject to the law of Scotland, and the courts of Scotland shall have exclusive jurisdiction should any dispute arise due to the content or terms and conditions.
Age
This website is only for use by people of legal drinking age. If you are not of legal drinking age in the country from which you are viewing this page do not enter the website.
Copyright and Trade Marks
The content contained within the website, and underlying software, is protected by Copyright. Whilst you are welcome to visit this site for personal use, you may not use the material contained within for commercial purposes, nor reproduce, publish or broadcast the material without the prior written approved of Speyside Distillers Company Ltd.
Content Disclaimer
Whilst Speyside Distillers Company Ltd endeavour to ensure the material published on this website is accurate, inevitable things change, and the information may be incomplete or inaccurate. Speyside Distillers Company Ltd also reserves the right to amend the website, or close the website at any time. Hence Speyside Distillers Company Ltd will not be held liable for any loss due to information published, or not published, on the website.
Linked Websites
Links to third party websites are offered solely for your convenience. If you decide to enter one of the links offered you do so entirely at your own risk.
Personal Information
Speyside Distillers Company Ltd will not disclose any personal details supplied by you to third parties, except in order to deliver our products or services to you. Please note that this website uses Cookies.
Speyside Distillers Company Ltd Shop
In addition to the above, the following terms and conditions apply to the Speyside Distillers Company Ltd On Line Shop:
It is important to read these terms and conditions carefully as they affect your rights and liabilities under the law and set out the terms under which Speyside Distillers Company Ltd. ( “we”) makes it’s products available to you. This page tells you the terms and conditions on which we supply any of the products listed on our website www.speysidedistillers.co.uk to you. Please read these terms and conditions carefully before ordering any Products from our site. You should understand that by ordering any of our Products, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. You should print a copy of these terms and conditions for future reference. Please understand that if you refuse to accept these terms and conditions, you will not be able to order any Products from our site.
Age Restriction
Our on line shop is for use by residents in the United Kingdom only. You, the buyer, must be aged at least 18 years, By placing an order through our site you warrant that you are at least 18 years old. If you are buying Products as a gift, the recipient must also be of a lawful age. This is the responsibility of the purchaser. In the UK it is illegal for any person under the age of 18 to buy, or attempt to buy, alcohol for themselves or any other person under the age of 18. If our couriers are in any doubt about the age of the recipient on delivery, they may request some form of ID.
Prices, Availability and Promotions
Please note we have endeavoured to ensure the accuracy of all information on our site. The prices payable for the Products that you order are clearly set out on our site. All prices are quoted inclusive of any VAT payable unless otherwise stated. The price of the Products does not include the delivery charge- this will be charged at the rates applicable on the date you place your order. Prices, promotions and specifications can change without notice and Products are subject to availability. If for any reason beyond our control we are unable to supply a particular Product we will notify you as soon as possible.
Payment and Order process
Purchases of alcoholic beverages are restricted to 6 single bottles per transaction.
Purchases of Art are as individual items, no maximum order.
You can pay for Products purchased from Speyside Distillers Company Ltd. Through PAYPAL by using any of the following cards: Visa, Mastercard, Visa Debit, Visa Electron and Maestro/Switch. You must give us authority for payment at the time of order. Although we have taken reasonable precautions to ensure our site is secure, and we believe it is secure, we do not provide any undertaking nor do we accept any liability should there be a breach or failure of security. We do not accept payment by cheque. There are several mandatory fields which you must complete to enable us to process your order and allow us to contact you should we need to discuss your order. Please complete all fields carefully and accurately.
All card holders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. We will not deliver any Products prior to these checks and authorisations being completed. If your card issuer refuses to authorise payment to us, we cannot accept your order, and will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery. The main characteristics of the goods sold through this Site are set out on the pages picturing them. Every effort has been made to display the colours of the goods as accurately as possible. However, because the colour you see will depend on your monitor we cannot guarantee that the colours of the goods purchased by you will be the same as the colours shown on your monitor.
Acceptance
We will notify you of acceptance of your order by email. As all products and services are subject to availability, the contract for our sale and your purchase of the goods shall be made at the place from which our despatch confirmation email is sent to you, when the email is so sent. Prior to such time there is no legal agreement in place.
We will inform you of the non-availability of any goods ordered by you within 30 days of the date of your order and will refund your credit card the full amount paid in respect of such goods within 30 days of your order.
Delivery Instructions and advice
Speyside Distillers Company Ltd can only currently deliver distilled spirits to addresses within the UK. (This excludes Northern Ireland.). We can deliver to your home or work address, as you have entered it on the order, we cannot accept any liability if the quoted address is incorrect or incomplete.  Deliveries to work addresses shall be deemed successful if a representative at that address accepts and signs for the goods. We cannot deliver to PO boxes. Deliveries are made during business hours on Monday to Friday; to ensure prompt delivery someone must be present to sign for the parcel. Proof of age ID may be requested.
Orders will normally be delivered within 14 days of despatch, and we will always do our best to fulfil your order as quickly as possible. If your order is time specific, say for a birthday, special occasion or Christmas please contact us prior to ordering. We do our best to secure delivery within 28 days of the date of your order, but shall not be liable for loss occasioned by delay in delivery arising out of any cause beyond our control. In the event that the order is returned to us by the courier or otherwise due to non-delivery, Speyside Distillers Company Ltd gives the purchaser the option of resending the purchase at the purchaser’s expense or refunding the purchase less the cost of postage and packing.
If no-one is available to sign for the parcel, our delivery company will leave a contact card with instructions for customer to call their local depot.  If the customer does not then call their local depot, the parcel is returned to us after a week – the cost of which will be passed on to the customer. If the parcel is returned to us and you do not wish us to re-send it, only the cost of the product minus the initial delivery charge and the return charge will be refunded. To re-send the parcel will incur a further delivery charge. Please contact the local depot / post office as soon as a card is received to re-arrange delivery or collection.
Cancellations
Purchasers may cancel the order by informing Speyside Distillers Company Ltd within 7 days of receiving their order.  Please contact us on: info@speysidedistillers.co.uk
If the order has been despatched the purchaser is liable for all postage charges and return of goods as instructed by us.
Returns, Refunds & Replacements
We hope that you will be happy with your purchase. Upon receipt of your order, the order should be carefully inspected to make sure that it is intact and in full. If you have the wrong item you must notify us within 2 working days, or if it has been damaged you must notify us immediately in writing to: info@speysidedistillers.co.uk
The courier must be informed of breakages or shortages at the time of delivery. We may not (at our sole discretion) accept any claims for breakages or shortages unless they are stated on the couriers documentation. We must have confirmation of these breakages or shortages within 2 working days of delivery. Please note that photographic evidence is required by our carrier company if an item has been damaged during transit. We will provide a refund or provide a replacement for any Products received damaged or faulty provided we are notified within these timescales.
If you wish to return Products which are not faulty, please contact us first on: info@speysidedistillers.co.uk
Any returned products must be returned to us in good condition, with all packaging intact. All pre agreed refunds and reimbursements will be arranged within 30 days of our acceptance to do so and after the safe receipt of the returned goods. Any product returned must be within its original packaging, contain the relevant paperwork and be adequately packed to avoid any possible damage. The cost and risk of returning the product is the responsibility of the customer and a proof of delivery service must be used.
Our liability
We warrant to you that any Product purchased from us through our site is of satisfactory quality and reasonably fit for all the purposes for which products of the kind are commonly supplied.
Our liability for losses you suffer as a result of us breaking this agreement is strictly limited to the purchase price of the Product you purchased.
This does not include or limit in any way our liability (i) for death or personal injury caused by our negligence; (ii) under section 2(3) of the Consumer Protection Act 1987; (iii) for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (iv) for any matter for which it would be illegal for us to exclude, or attempt to exclude, our liability.
We are not responsible for indirect losses which happen as a side effect of the main loss or damage (including, but not limited to, loss of income or revenue, loss of business, loss of profits or contracts, loss of anticipated savings and/or loss of data).
Data Protection
Speyside Distillers Company Ltd conforms to the UK Data Protection Act 1998. Any information you provide is treated in strict confidence and is stored in a secure location. We will never disclose your personal information to any other parties without your consent except to verify your identification as above and to deliver Products to you. All payment and credit card information is processed directly via PAYPAL and not entered on Speyside Distillers Company Ltd  Shop system. You have every right to know what information has been held in our system.
We have a separate privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) which relates to our use of your personal information.  We would encourage you to read our Privacy Policy.  Our Privacy Policy is available on our site. Breach of our Privacy Policy constitutes a breach of these terms and conditions of which they form part.
Website terms and conditions acceptance
You hereby acknowledge that you have read our Website Terms of Use, which are available on our site and can be found by clicking on the following link: CLICK HERE LINK[‘Website Terms of Use]. Breach of our Website Terms of Use constitutes a breach of these terms and conditions of which they form part.
Contact us
If you would like to contact us regarding Product availability or information please don’t hesitate to e-mail us direct at info@speysidedistillers.co.uk. Once a communication is received by us– this should be dealt with within one (1) working day. If sending any queries regarding an existing order, please provide us with your name, address, order number and payment reference allowing us to deal with your enquiry as quickly as possible.
Our right to vary these terms and conditions
We have the right to revise and amend these terms and conditions from time to time to reflect, amongst other things, changes in market conditions affecting our business, changes in technology, changes in payment methods, changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements and changes in our system’s capabilities.
You will be subject to the policies and terms and conditions in force at the time that you order Products from us, unless any change to those policies or these terms and conditions is required to be made by law or governmental authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you), or if we notify you of the change to those policies or these terms and conditions before we send you the Despatch Confirmation (in which case we have the right to assume that you have accepted the change to the terms and conditions, unless you notify us to the contrary within seven working days of receipt by you of the Products).
Governing law and jurisdiction
Contracts for the purchase of Products through our site and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by Scots law.  Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with such Contracts or their formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Scotland.
Privacy Policy
The Speyside Distillers Company Ltd shop is committed to responsible data management and subscribe to the principals of the data protection legislation in the United Kingdom. We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information. If you have any questions about our privacy policy or if you’d like to raise any issues relating to it, please contact us.
The Speyside Distillers Company Ltd. shop does not disclose buyers’ information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order dispatch system. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party.
When you order from us, we require your name, address, delivery details and email address (This allows us to fulfil your order and to keep you updated about its status). We will also ask you for your telephone number, so we can contact you if there is an urgent problem with your order.  All payment and credit card information is processed directly via the secure payment gateway PAYPAL
We use a technology called “cookies” as part of our normal business procedure to track patterns of behaviour of visitors to the Website.  A cookie is an element of data that the Website sends to your browser that is then stored on your system.  You can set your browser to prevent this happening.  Any information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you change your browser settings.
Speyside Distillers Co Ltd.
Duchess Road, Glasgow, G73 1AU
Tel: 0141 221 3745
drinkaware.co.uk
Privacy Policy
Registered in Scotland No. 199495. VAT No. 259728806
SIGN UP
X
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I AgreeNoRead more
×
Sign up
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Please check this box if you are a wholesaler