http://sportspickle.com/legal-disclaimer
Skip to content
Comeback Media is a service providing website hosting, website design, website promotion, and advertisment optimization. All services provided by Comeback Media may only be used for lawful purposes. The laws of the State of Delaware and the United States of America apply. Comeback Media does not produce any news, articles, or other written content. Comeback Media does host websites that produce content but does not hold or claim to hold any ownership over the written material produced by these websites. In addition, Comeback Media does not control what content is produced by the websites it hosts. Therefore, Comeback Media shall not be held responsible or liable for any claims against or legal violations made by the websites that it provides hosting for.
By joining their website to Comeback Media and its network of sites, the website owner agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Comeback Media from any claims resulting from the use of our services. This specifically includes any copyright or trademark violations resulting from the use of our services.
Use of our services to infringe upon any copyright or trademark is prohibited. This includes but is not limited to unauthorized copying of music, books, photographs, or any other copyrighted work. If you believe that your copyright or trademark is being infringed upon, please email ben [at] thecomeback.com. If the request is of a licensing issue, we may require further documentation. Please see Comeback Media’s Copyright Policy for further information.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. Any material that, in our judgment, is obscene, threatening, illegal, or violates our terms of service in any manner may be removed from our servers (or otherwise disabled), with or without notice.
Sidebar
Popular PostsSean Connery chose acting over professional soccer career, turned down offer from Manchester UnitedSix college basketball coaches who need a big season
arrow