https://sportsmarketingusa.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
FAQ
Group & Corporate Travel
Trip Insurance
General Conditions
Privacy Policy
Office Hours: M-F, 8:30am to 5pm PST
Sports Marketing USA
Spring Training Trips
Regular Season Road Trips
Contact Us
Questions: 1-800-892-7687
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Sports Marketing USA we have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals:  If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Sports Marketing USA collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use its website. From time to time, Sports Marketing USA may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Sports Marketing USA also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for users.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to our websites choose to interact with Sports Marketing USA in ways that require Sports Marketing USA to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Sports Marketing USA gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.  Sports Marketing USA does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Sports Marketing USA may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites.  Sports Marketing USA may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Sports Marketing USA does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Sports Marketing USA discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf or to provide services available at our websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using our websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Sports Marketing USA will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Sports Marketing USA discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Sports Marketing USA believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Sports Marketing USA, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Sports Marketing USA website and have supplied your email address, Sports Marketing USA may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Sports Marketing USA and our products.  Sports Marketing USA takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Sports Marketing USA uses cookies to help Sports Marketing USA identify and track visitors, their usage of Sports Marketing USA website, and their website access preferences. Sports Marketing USA visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our websites, with the drawback that certain features of our websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Sports Marketing USA, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Sports Marketing USA goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Sports Marketing USA may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Sports Marketing USA may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in our sole discretion. Sports Marketing USA encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.  Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
© 2015 Sports Marketing USA
Back to Top
WP-Backgrounds Lite by InoPlugs Web Design and Juwelier Schönmann 1010 Wien