https://sportfishingstjohn.com/privacy/
About Us
USVI Fishing Info
Charter Options & Rates
St John USVI Fishing Charters
St Thomas USVI Fishing Charters
In-Shore Fishing Charters
Deep Sea Fishing Charters
Marlin Fishing Charters
Charter Day Rates
Charter Fishing – What to Bring
Contact Us
Menu
About Us
USVI Fishing Info
Charter Options & Rates
St John USVI Fishing Charters
St Thomas USVI Fishing Charters
In-Shore Fishing Charters
Deep Sea Fishing Charters
Marlin Fishing Charters
Charter Day Rates
Charter Fishing – What to Bring
Contact Us
Let's Fish
Captain Rob Richards
PRIVACY
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide us about yourself to contact you to discuss your desired fishing charter. We do not share this information with parties outside of Offshore Adventures, LLC except to the extent necessary to complete a project quote (only when necessary).
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. The emails are not shared outside of Offshore Adventures, LLC.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (340)513-0389.
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to an Outdoor Living Brands website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
Thank you for your interest in Offshore Adventures, LLC
Offshore Adventures, LLC
(340)513-0389
7260 SEA CLIFF VILLAS UNIT 19
ST THOMAS VI 00802-2718
offshoreadventures@earthlink.net
Offshore Adventure's 40' Mixed Bag III - Seats Up To 6
Offshore Adventure's 32' Mixed Bag II - Seats Up To 6
Happy Customers Are What Fuels Our Business.
It's a big ocean, but after 25 years fishing these waters, we know where the fish are.
We booked a 6 hour charter on the Mixed Bag 3. Captain Rob was amazing and so knowledgeable. I can't tell you how much my sons enjoyed the day. The smile on our youngest face when he caught his first fish made booking this trip worth every dollar. I can not recommend this company enough. Honestly, Rob and his knowledge, experience, and just plain fun MADE our trip to St. John beyond unforgettable. We will be booking again when we get back there next year!!!
Stephanie CFamily Fishing Fun
Awesome time. Took my 3 boys for a 6 hour trip. We landed Mahi, Tuna and Sailfish. Incredible day of fishing. Captain and crew were the best. Could not have asked for a better experience. Definitely recommend Mixed Bag if you are looking for sport fishing on St. John or St. Thomas.
James LFamily Fishing Fun
Best fishing Charter in the Virgin Islands! Captains Rob and Adam are both so knowledgeable about the area and put us on the fish! We caught Wahoo, Mahi, rainbow runners and Tuna! We have actually been out with Mixed Bag multiple times and have always had a great day! I highly recommend Mixed Bag!!
Kim MA Great Time!
Very comfortable boat, knowledgeable crew, we caught fish all day.
My kids had a blast!
Adam M.CEO
Amazing day!
Rob was fantastic and funny. We took my 3 boys and wife out for a half day and caught A ton of fish - Mahi Mahi / kingfish / mackerel and more — could not have asked for better preparation, service and fun from Rob. He was patient with the boys, made them laugh and even got my teenager to get off his phone and enjoy:). Thanks Rob - we had a blast - high recommend it.
Michael FMixed Bag Fishing
Great time with Captain Rob and Chris. We went out at 7:00 am for a six hour charter. My wife and I had a great time. Landed 4 Mahi Mahi and a small shark. Rob and Chris were fantastic. When we return next year, we will be going out again.
Ralph MMixed Bag Fishing
We booked a 6 hour charter on the Mixed Bag 3. Captain Rob was amazing and so knowledgeable. I cannot tell you how much my sons enjoyed the day. The smile on our youngest face when he caught his first fish made booking this trip worth every dollar. I cannot recommend this company enough. Honestly, Rob and his knowledge, experience, and just plain fun MADE our trip to St. John beyond unforgettable. We will be booking again when we get back there next year!!!
John DoeAmazing Offshore Family Fishing
Just spent the day fishing with Mixed Bag Sport Fishing. Outstanding day. Knowledgeable, personable captain who seemed to know where the fish were. He took extra time to instruct my grandsons and we all caught fish. Reasonable cost. Excellent, well maintained equipment. My best fishing day in St Thomas in 25 years.
Passport775303Mixed Bag Sport Fishing
Previous
Next
More Google Reviews
More Trip Advisor Reviews
Book Your Charter Now