https://spritesterlingswift.org.uk/privacy/
Skip to content
HomePrivacy
Privacy and Data Protection statement  January 2018
We collect the following data to promote Membership of our Club and to deliver our Member benefits, including Rallies and newsletters.
We collect and hold all/some of the following
Name
Address
Date of birth
Caravan serial number
Wedding anniversaries
Telephone and email contact details
Relating to
Club Members
Visitors to our Rallies
Landowners and companies we work with to provide member benefits such as Rallies, public liability insurance etc.
Prospective Members who we meet at trade shows etc.
We store data in paper and electronic form.  This is looked after by our National and Area Officials, Committee Members, Rally Marshals and Webmaster.
It is processed using a variety of third parties including:
Postage services such as Royal Mail
Email providers such as BT and Google
Microsoft OneDrive and Google Drive
Website providers such as WordPress
Who we share data with
Other Members (e.g. birthdays)
Third party processors as detailed above
We NEVER share data with others so they can sell you services
How we keep data up to date
Club Members are asked to update their personal information via their Area Secretary should changes occur.
How we keep data safe
Paper records
These are kept at home by our National and Area Officials, Committee Members and Rally Marshals and may be used at our events including Rallies, promotional events at caravan dealers and trade shows
Records are not left unattended when not safely locked away
Where other Members are involved in promotional events at caravan dealers and trade shows we make sure they don’t leave any records unattended
When we are finished with paper records they are destroyed and disposed of
Electronic records
These are kept at home on personal computers, removable media, portable storage, cloud storage and in email systems by our National and Area Officials, Committee Members and Rally Marshals
Personal computers, removable media and portable storage are not left unattended when not safely locked away
Devices and cloud storage containing personal information are password protected
When we are finished with electronic records they are deleted from personal computers, removable media, portable storage, cloud storage and email systems
How long we keep your personal information
Your personal information will be deleted from Club records after your Membership of the Club expires should you request this.
Awareness and Training
We’re working with ACCEO, our National and Area Officials and Webmaster to identify and roll out appropriate privacy and data protection training.
Club Membership Form
The following statement will be included on future versions of the Club Membership Application Form.
The Sterling Caravan Owners Club (‘the Club’) can be contacted via our Club Secretary secretarya@sterlingcaravanowners.co.uk .  The Club has a legitimate interest in using the personal data you provide to us on this form to communicate with you on matters relating to the Club (via third party email providers etc.) and in delivering Member benefits including newsletters.
Your personal data will not be transferred to any other person or organisation and will be deleted from Club records after your Membership of the Club expires should you request this.
You have the right to request access to and rectification of your personal data from the Club.  If you feel that your personal data has been misused you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can see our Privacy and Data Protection Statement at www.sterlingcaravanowners.co.uk.
A similar statement will be added to any Competition Entry forms used as part of promotional activities.
Responsibility for complying with data protection legislation lies with the Club’s Central Executive Committee, our National and Area Officials, Committee Members and Rally Marshals.
Registration with Information Commissioner’s Office
After consulting the ICO’s guidance we do not believe we need to be registered with the ICO.
Contact details for Data Controller
Club Secretary secretarya@sterlingcaravanowners.co.uk.
You should be aware that personal information is not secured in transit when using email and should carefully consider how much personal information to disclose via email.
Share this:FacebookTwitterWhatsAppEmailLike this:Like Loading...
Search for:
© 2018 Sprite Sterling Swift Caravan Owners Club.
Sprite Sterling Swift Caravan Owners Club is the public identity of the Sterling Caravan Owners Club.
For enquiries about this website please contact Garry Batten on:
webmaster@spritesterlingswift.org.uk
For any general queries on Sterling Caravans or any Swift Group product visit:
www.swiftgroup.co.uk
Or their social networking page at:
www.swift-talk.co.uk
Website supporters
The Club would like to thank the organisations above for their support.
Follow us by Email
Enter your email address to follow us and receive notifications of news by email.
Join 163 other followers
Email Address:
WordPress privacy notice
Disclaimer: References to any dealers, sites or organisations do not constitute any endorsement or recommendation on our part.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
%d bloggers like this: