http://st1100.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is st1100’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://st1100.org, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
ABOUT US
ST 1100 is an organized club of dedicated and hardcore motorcyclists who joined together to create a free to read platform for the latest news, stories, coverage and trends relating to motorbikes.
From the latest news in the industry, to safety guides and resources, we want to be the only website you visit if you’re a fan of motorbikes.
Recent Updates
The Costs of Owning a MotorcycleIn MainSeptember 30, 2019Imagine speeding down the
[…]
Why I Believe Romano Fenati Should Never Race AgainIn MainOctober 20, 2018You may have heard about
[…]
The popularity of motorcyclesIn MainOctober 19, 2018It seems that motorcycles are
[…]
Motorcycle safety for all ridersIn MainOctober 19, 2018Despite their smaller size
[…]
The History of the MotorcycleIn evolution of motorbikesOctober 18, 2018While they don’t have a clear
[…]
Get more stuff
Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox.
I consent to my submitted data being collected via this form*
Thank you for subscribing.
Something went wrong.
we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously
WE’RE ON SOCIAL
Close
Recent Posts
The Costs of Owning a Motorcycle
Why I Believe Romano Fenati Should Never Race Again
The popularity of motorcycles
Motorcycle safety for all riders
The History of the Motorcycle