https://stephenambrosetours.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Cookies
This site uses cookies. By using this site you automatically agree to the placement and use of cookies.
If you want, you can disable the use of cookies in your browser. Without cookies you will not be able to do some things on the site.
You can find more information about what cookies are and how you can switch them on and off in this article:
More information on cookies and how to disable/enable them
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics to gain insight into how visitors use the website. These website statistics are used to improve the website.
Google Analytics uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be stored by Google. This does not store any information that can be traced back to a specific person or a specific computer. Google may provide the stored information to third parties if legally required to do so. Google does not combine the anonymized IP addresses with other data that it possesses.
The data sharing settings of Google Analytics have been disabled for this website.
Embedded content from other websites
Pages on this site can show embedded content like videos and images. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Social Media Sharing Buttons
This site uses buttons and scripts to share webpages with Social Media, like Facebook and Twitter. This code can also place cookies. This site has no control over those cookies.
Personal information
By just browsing this website no personal information about you is stored.
If you contact us via an electronic form, your name, email address, phone number, and IP address is stored. If you contact us through email or phone, your name, email address, and phone number can be saved in our client administration.
When you subscribe to an email list, we ask for your name & email address.
When you make a reservation, we will ask for name and email address and other information as well. Your email and any other information will only be used to contact you about your bookings/reservations or about updates on Stephen Ambrose Historical Tours.
If you leave a review for a tour we stored your name and email address. We may contact you to verify that you indeed traveled on the tour that you reviewed. Your name will be published with your review to  show other users that these reviews are real.
Special and/or sensitive personal data
Stephen Ambrose Historical Tours does not store any sensitive personal data about you.
The website does not intend to collect data about website visitors who are younger than 16 years. Unless they have permission from parents or guardians. However, it is not possible to check whether a visitor is older than 16. Parents are advised to be involved in the online activities of their children, in order to prevent data about children being collected without parental consent. If you think that personal information about a minor has been collected without that permission, please contact us.
Purpose of data processing
Stephen Ambrose Historical Tours processes your personal data for the following purposes:
To contact you about your travel reservation;
To process your reservation;
To inform you about any news and updates concerning Stephen Ambrose Historical Tours and its tours;
To respond to your inquiry;
To process your tour review;
For tax purposes;
To fulfill any other legal obligations;
Automated processing
Stephen Ambrose Historical Tours does not use automated processing for any form of decision-making.
Retention period for personal data
Your personal data will be kept for at least the legal specified period of time, but can be kept longer.
View, modify or delete data
You have the right to request, correct or delete your personal data. You also have the right to withdraw your consent to data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data, as far as possible within the legal obligations.
Please contact us via email if you have any questions regarding this.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority regarding the use of your personal data.
Security
Stephen Ambrose Historical Tours takes the protection of your data seriously and has appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification.
Sharing personal data with third parties
Stephen Ambrose Historical Tours does not share any personal data with third parties unless this is necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
Amendments
This privacy statement is a living document and will be updated from time to time.
Contact
Please contact us if you have questions or requests regarding this privacy statement.
Back To Top
This website uses cookies.Accept cookies and close this message See our Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled
Subscribe to our newsletter
Read captivating articles by our historians. Compete in history quizzes. Receive invites to History Happy Hour.
First Name *Last Name Email * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Stephen Ambrose Historical Tours. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Stephen Ambrose Historical Tours, PO Box 19354, New Orleans, LA, 70179, https://stephenambrosetours.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
Matterhorn Travel has merged with Stephen Ambrose Historical Tours. Please update your weblinks to https://stephenambrosetours.com and use info@stephenambrosetours.com for all your emails.
[X] Close this message