http://store.praypub.org/conditions-of-use
×
Log In
Create Account
Toggle navigation
Webstore
Back to Main Site
Jesus & Me
God & Me
God & Family
God & Church
God & Life
Faith Partners
Community of Christ
Eastern Orthodox
Jewish (BSA)
Catholic (BSA)
Program Booklets
Protestant
Catholic (BSA)
Eastern Orthodox
Other
Bible Basics RP3
Puzzle Patches
Duty to God
Love God
To Serve God
Promotional Resources
Search
Account
Create Account
Log in
Terms and Privacy Policy
Last Updated July 1, 2020
Welcome and Introduction
Welcome to P.R.A.Y.’s website, www.praypub.org. Here is information concerning the Terms of Use that apply to your use of the P.R.A.Y. website and the data collection and privacy practices of the site. Please take a moment to review these policies carefully. If you choose to visit the P.R.A.Y. website, your visit or submission of information to P.R.A.Y. through this website signifies that you fully accept the terms, conditions and practices of these policies.
Book Copyright
I understand that books are copyrighted and should not be duplicated.
If we have used copies of the P.R.A.Y. workbooks, I understand that I should pay a duplication fee when I register the youth.
Award Registration
I understand that I should only register a youth who has:
Successfully completed the requirements for his/her grade
Completed a final review with the clergy.
Refunds and Returns
Items may be returned within 30 days of receipt. Only the cost of the actual item(s) purchased will be refunded—not the shipping and handling charge.
Awards and pins must be returned in a box (shipping them in an envelope will not protect them from damage). Merchandise that is not properly packaged and damaged in shipping will not be issued credit.
Customers must contact P.R.A.Y. or complete a Return Request on the P.R.A.Y. website. Please allow a minimum of 14 days to process any return. Adjustments to credit cards should appear within two billing cycles.
Children as Users
The P.R.A.Y. website is not directed to children under 13 years of age and such children are prohibited from using this site. Children should not submit any information or engage in credit transactions through the P.R.A.Y. website. Any information submitted or credit transaction related to a child must be undertaken solely by an adult 18 years of age or older. P.R.A.Y. does not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.
Privacy Statement
P.R.A.Y. uses information you provide to serve you as you have requested and in accordance with these policies and the information we provide in various sections of the P.R.A.Y. website. Depending upon your needs, you may supply personally identifiable information as well as non-personally identifiable information to P.R.A.Y. through its website.
Reasons Our Users Submit Information
Users may choose to submit information for various reasons, i.e. to register completion of programs, submit stories on the impact the P.R.A.Y. Program has had on a family or congregation, provide feedback on curriculum, share resources with other users. Users also may use the website to transmit registration information that may be used by P.R.A.Y. and the congregation or Scouting affiliate of P.R.A.Y.  As our website develops and changes, we may provide other ways that users may submit information to us, and this description is not intended to be limiting.
How We Use Information
We use user information in various ways depending on how and why it is submitted to us. Some information is treated as confidential information, while other information is not treated as confidential information and may be disclosed to third parties. Without limiting the foregoing, we share information with affiliates of P.R.A.Y. who may contact users to extend congratulations, invite recipients to service or scouting award ceremonies, and offer similar services. We also share information with third-party service providers who perform functions on our behalf. Such functions include but are not limited to processing credit card payments, fulfilling orders, analyzing data and email communication. All information submitted to us is subject to our right to disclose the information if we feel this is necessary to comply with the law, to protect P.R.A.Y., you and others from harm, and to carry out the provisions of these policies, as described in more detail below. What follows are examples of how we use information collected through this site.
Service-provider information supplied by users is not treated as confidential and is generally made available to congregation and Scouting affiliates of P.R.A.Y. and others who we feel might benefit from the information.
User feedback and comment information is not generally considered confidential information and may be distributed internally or externally by P.R.A.Y. for its ministry purposes or to address issues raised by the user. For example, user feedback or questions may be forwarded to the local congregation or Scouting affiliate that is used by the individual providing the information.
If you register or submit any information through P.R.A.Y., by means of your submission you grant to P.R.A.Y. a perpetual, no cost license to use the information submitted. Any personal information that you may share with us is kept confidential. Neither your name nor anything about you or your child is sold to any other non-affiliated company or agency.
Several of our optional services and functions use cookies. See below for a discussion of cookies.
To learn how we keep personal information secure, please see our Security Statement below.
We do not sell, rent or lease your personal information to other organizations or individuals.
You should not provide P.R.A.Y. with any personally identifiable information (or submit or post any personally identifiable information to any of the sites) unless you would like that information to be used by P.R.A.Y. in accordance with this Policy.
Our Rights to Make Certain Disclosures
In some circumstances we may need to disclose personally identifiable information and submitted information of certain users of the site when we believe that disclosure is necessary to enforce these policies or other P.R.A.Y. policies applicable to the site, to comply with the law or a subpoena, court order or other legal requirement, to avoid or report fraud or identity theft, or to otherwise enforce and protect the rights of P.R.A.Y., and its users and other persons, under the law, including intellectual property rights.
If you have questions or concerns that are not answered by this Privacy Statement, please see the section below which provides a way you can reach us.
Security Statement
All credit transactions occur in a secure area of our site, consistent with our objective of protecting you from any loss, misuse or alteration of information collected.
We use Secure Socket Layers (SSL). The SSL encrypts, or translates, your order information into a code before it is processed. You will have entered a secure area of our site when the page address (URL) changes from http to https. Also, a key or a closed lock will appear in the lower left or right hand corner of your screen to notify you of this change. You will remain in this secure zone for the entire checkout process.
Usage Restrictions on Content of This Website
All content included on this site, such as written text, photos, video clips, graphics, audio clips, data and software, is the property of P.R.A.Y. As between P.R.A.Y. and users of this site, P.R.A.Y. maintains ownership of all content, including the compilation of all content, and at no time does any ownership right to any of the content transfer to you or any other party.
Feedback, Comments and Stories Submitted on this Website
Except as noted in this section, any feedback, comment, suggestion, story, photo, idea or other information or content submitted by a user to P.R.A.Y. through this site (a “Submission”) becomes and remains the property of P.R.A.Y. and may be used at any time by P.R.A.Y. without notice to or further consent from the user. By making a Submission you are authorizing P.R.A.Y. to use the information and any intellectual property contained in the Submission. Further, by making a Submission you assign, transfer and surrender all rights in and to the Submission to P.R.A.Y. and agree that you do not expect acknowledgement or compensation for the Submission.
Submissions must contain accurate content and not include any content that violates copyright, trademark or other applicable laws. Submissions must be free of obscene, threatening, defamatory, and otherwise unbiblical material, must be free of viruses, spam, or chain letters, links, must not include any political campaign or commercial solicitation or content, or contain any dishonesty, misrepresentation, or fraud. User agrees to defend, hold harmless, and indemnify P.R.A.Y. if it becomes liable to a third party due to content in a Submission that violates these policies or any law.
Disclaimer
P.R.A.Y. provides this website solely as a service to individuals interested in learning more about or being involved in the various ministries of P.R.A.Y.  All information provided on this website is for general informational purposes only. The information provided does not address specific situations or facts, is not necessarily complete, accurate or up to date, and does not constitute professional or legal advice. Users of this site should not rely upon the information in this site to make decisions about legal, medical, safety, security, insurance questions, or other specific questions or issues, but should seek opinions of qualified professionals.
P.R.A.Y. programs are conducted and directed by local congregations. P.R.A.Y. provides program materials and training. Any question or concerns related to a local P.R.A.Y. program should be directed to the congregation or agency conducting such program.
Links
This website may contain hyperlinks to other sites. While P.R.A.Y. makes every effort to link to sites that reflect our ministry calling and commitment to integrity, these are separate sites with their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. You are responsible to consult the specific website policies of the linked sites especially when providing personally identifiable information through the linked websites.
The hyperlinks on this website are provided as an additional resource only and should not be seen as an endorsement, approval or agreement with any information or resources offered at sites accessed through our site. No inference or assumption should be made and no representation should be inferred that P.R.A.Y. is connected with, operates or controls a site accessed via a hyperlink from our site. You are solely responsible for evaluating whether accessing another website from PrayPub.org is a safe and appropriate step for you to take and you are also solely responsible for any damage or injury that you or any other person may suffer as a result of your accessing and using such other website.
Cookies
We occasionally use cookies on our website. These are alphanumeric identifiers that our website transfers to your computer hard drive through your web browser that enable our computer systems to recognize your browser and provide certain features that support our service. You can disable or block P.R.A.Y.’s cookies if you wish, but that may make you unable to fully utilize some of the features of our website.
Modifications
Please note that we may change these Terms of Use at any time by posting the modified Terms of Use on the P.R.A.Y. website, or by otherwise notifying you of such change. Use of the website after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of all changes.
Contacting Us about Concerns or Questions
If you have any concern about privacy or matters related to this website, submit your information by going to the feedback form on the P.R.A.Y. website and provide a thorough description of the problem, and we will review your description and attempt to address it as we consider the interests of our ministry, our partner congregations, other users, and other individuals who may be affected by our decision-making, the integrity of the website, and our duties under law.
P.R.A.Y.11123 S Towne Sq, Ste BSt. Louis, MO 63123314-845-3318
Website Hosting Information
The PRAY website is hosted by i7MEDIA, LLC. Contact information for i7MEDIA can be found on the i7MEDIA website.