http://stpaulhog.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Personal privacy and security of information are mutual concerns of Harley Owners Group (H.O.G.), its members and visitors to the St. Paul HOG® Chapter Minnesota web site, located at www.sphdhog.com. This statement explains H.O.G.’s Internet policies and security measures relating to personal privacy and information security.
Information We Collect
The St. Paul HOG® Chapter Minnesota collects and stores the following information about you when you visit the St. Paul HOG® Minnesota web site:
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, gmail.com, if you are connecting from an Google account)
The date and time you access the site, and the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site.
How We Use Your Information
The chapter uses this information to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of its site. This helps the chapter make its site more responsive to its members and prospective members.
H.O.G. will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information. If you choose to send email, registration, or other personal information over the Internet, you do so voluntarily.
The St. Paul HOG® Chapter Minnesota will not disclose personal information provided to it except as follows:
At your request, which may be oral, in writing, by telephone, electronic or other means we recognize.
To assist H.O.G. in evaluating its programs and to continue to improve the quality of your on-line and membership experience when disclosure is required by law, such as pursuant to court order, subpoena, legal process or government agency examination or investigation, or to protect or enforce our right.
To companies that perform services for H.O.G. in connection with your membership, such as data processing and financial transaction processing companies and agencies.
To Harley-Davidson affiliated companies and carefully selected third parties for their own use to provide products and services, or other opportunities to you, unless you have instructed us in writing not to do so.
In connection with Harley-Davidson corporate due diligence and audits.
Computer Information Collected
By your use of and connection to our web site by either mobile phone, tablet, or web browser, you understand and consent to this privacy statement. If for any reasons you are concerned that the personal or member information maintained by H.O.G. is not correct or if for some reason you believe H.O.G. has hot adhered to these privacy principles, please notify us by calling 1-800-CLUB-HOG.
Link to Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites not affiliated with H.O.G. that are not under our direct control. These websites may have their own policies regarding privacy. We have no control of or responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. You access such linked websites at your own risk. These websites are not subject to this Privacy Statement. You should check the privacy policies, if any, of those individual websites to see how the operators of those third-party websites will utilize your personal information.
Search for:
Search
Scroll UpWelcome to H.O.G. #4429
St. Paul HOG® Calendar
Officers
Road Captains
Membership
Rider Safety
Member Gallery
Ride 365
Contact Us
Text Club