https://streamsideorvis.com/privacy-policy/
Security of Site
This site uses a 2048 bit industry standard SSL Certificate to provide 128/256 bit encryption for all secure transactions.
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Streamside Orvis website. Because your privacy is very important to us, we want you to understand our practices with regard to collecting and using your information both online and offline and the steps we take to safeguard it. This statement applies to personally identifiable information collected from our customers. When this PRIVACY POLICY uses the term “personally identifiable information,” we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, postal address, EMail address, credit card number, and telephone number. When other information, such as, for example, consumer product preferences, or number of children, is directly associated with personally identifiable information, this other information also becomes personally identifiable information for purposes of this PRIVACY POLICY. Personally identifiable information is sometimes referred to in this PRIVACY POLICY as “personal information.”
We welcome any and all questions and feedback. For privacy-related issues, please contact us at: Streamside Orvis, 223 E Front Street, Traverse City, Michigan 49684.
Email: StreamsideOrvis@mail.com
Sharing of Information
We contract with other companies (credit card processors, shippers, sweepstakes promoters, website developers and others) to provide certain services to Streamside Orvis to fulfill orders, provide sweepstakes and create or maintain our website. In some instances, these contractors may have access to personally identifiable information but they are usually contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality of the information and to use it only for purposes of carrying out Streamside Orvis business.
In some cases, we use outside contractors to fulfill your purchase of that you may link with through our website. For example, when you make a purchase from Streamside Orvis with a credit card, you may choose to use an independent card processor, such as PayPal. When these or similar choices are available, you will be notified about the option of checking their respective privacy policies, which will govern the collection and use of personal information that you give to them directly.
Email Use
When you provide us your email address, we may send you emails necessary to process your order or respond to a request, or, if you agree to it, to receive or Email News. It is our intent to send you promotional email (our Email Newsletter) only if you have agreed to receive it. Instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in each email contact you will receive.
Links to Other Sites
Occasionally we provide links on our web site to other sites we think you will enjoy. These sites operate independently of Streamside Orvis and have established their own privacy and security policies. Streamside Orvis does not have any control over these sites’ privacy practices. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.
STORE HOURS FLY TYING CLASSES FORMING! BACKCAST PODCAST - DAVE LEONHARD UPCOMING FALL and WINTER TRIPS CHOOSING THE RIGHT LEADER BASIC FLYFISHING KNOTS FALL STREAMER FISHING IS HERE! ORVIS MICHIGAN 2021 SCHOOL DATES WADING BASICS CURRENT STREAM REPORTS
Blog Search
Search
Categories
Forum
Photo Gallery
Resources
River Maps
Stream Reports
Tips
Uncategorized
Upcoming Events
Weather Report