https://suncewinery.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Sunce Winery is committed to protecting your privacy. You are important to us, and we will take special care to maintain your trust. In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to consult our Terms of Use page. Please direct questions regarding this statement to our email.
Our Privacy Policy addresses the following questions:
When does Sunce Winery collect my personal information?
Sunce Winery gathers information from members and visitors in four ways: wine purchases, email contact, cookie technology and IP addresses.
Wine Purchases
Information is collected for the sole purpose of processing and shipping your order, including credit card for billing, address for shipping and phone number for delivery time confirmation. The more information you provide, the better we can customize our services and your experience to suit your needs and preferences.
At the initial purchase we ask for your name, shipping address, zip code, country, email address, phone number, credit card number billing address, and expiration date. On occasion in the future, we may also collect additional personal information if you choose to enter a contest or complete a survey or registration form. This information is necessary for us to process your order and to notify you about important changes to the Web Site, new Suncé Winery features, or special Suncé Winery offers you may find useful.
If you would rather not receive this information, please let us know by calling 1 (707) 526-WINE or emailing us.
Email Contact with Sunce Winery
Personal information is protected by our secure server; however Sunce Winery cannot be responsible for nefarious occurrences. Any email contact you may have with us will be held in the strictest confidence and will only be used by us to stay in contact with you.
Cookies
We use cookies to store and track your preferences to provide you with a more personalized member experience. A cookie is a message sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive . Most Internet sites use cookies. You can set your browser preferences to reject all cookies, but this will prevent you from using most customized services, and you may have to repeatedly enter personal information in order to participate in various services or promotions. Cookies make your experience easier by saving your preferences and passwords. We also use cookies that contain no personal information at all. These cookies help us estimate our audience size, determine which areas of the Suncé Winery Web site are the most popular, and serve targeted advertising.
IP Address
We may log IP addresses for the purposes of systems administration, or to report information in aggregate form to our partners (e.g., how many visitors logged in to our Web Site) in a form that is not personally identifiable. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically when you use the Internet. When you visit a particular Web page in the Sunce Winery Web site, our servers log your IP address.
How is my personal information used?
Sunce Winery gathers member information to provide you with an effortless member experience. We review our members’ preferences, demographics, traffic patterns, and other information – as a whole – so that we can better understand who our audience is and what it wants.
Email
When you purchase wine from our site or send email communications to Sunce Winery, from time to time we may email you with informative messages about our products or services that may be of interest to you. We will not send you these mailings unless you check the appropriate box when you register. If you elect to receive such information/offers when you register, you may contact us at any time at 1 (707) 526-WINE or email afterwards to discontinue such mailings.
Who does Sunce Winery share information with?
We will never disclose, nor sell your personal information to third parties. If you click-through a link to and submit your information to a partner, you will be subject to their own privacy policies. We assume no responsibility or liability for these third party policies or the actions of non-affiliated third parties.
What are my options to control the use of my personal information?
Most browsers can be configured to reject cookies or alert you when cookies are being sent. You may request the removal of your personal information from our customer records by sending email. We will send an email to confirm your request. After you respond, we will remove your information from our database. Residual information may remain in our archives and records, but this information will not be used for a commercial purpose (however we may notify you of major changes to our service from time to time). We reserve the right to maintain information on customers who have violated our Terms of Use (make a link to Terms of Use window) or who have had their access to Sunce Winery blocked in order to detect repeat offenders.
What else should I know about my privacy?
Please remember that protection of your privacy begins with you. You are solely responsible for your online actions, and you should always be careful and responsible whenever disclosing information online.
This Web Site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. When you place orders or access your account information, we use a secure server. The secure server layer (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. All of the customer data we collect is similarly protected against unauthorized access.
Sunce Winery will not share your personal information with third parties unless you have consented to a disclosure to help you find collector’s wine or want a referral for accommodations and things of this nature or if the disclosure is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process, (2) protect and defend our rights and property, (3) protect our customers or users from misuse or unauthorized use of the Sunce Winery Web Site, or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our customers or the public.
Links to Other Web Sites
The Sunce Winery Web Sites contain links to other sites, operated by retail, production and community partners and other third parties, that we think may be of interest to you. Sunce Winery encourages partners and third parties to follow appropriate privacy standards and policies, but is not responsible for the actions of those partners and third parties, the content of their web sites, or any practices they may follow.
How do I accept this Privacy Policy?
By using the Sunce Winery Web site and services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy Statement, your only remedy is to discontinue use of the Sunce Winery site. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. Your continued use of any portion of the Sunce Winery site following notification or posting of such changes, will constitute your acceptance of those changes. If you have questions or concerns about our specific policies, please send an email.
Use By Minors
The Sunce Winery Web site is for adults of legal age in the states or territories where they reside and usage by minors is not intended. That said, the safety of children is very important to us. Persons, particularly those under the age of 21, should always ask parents or guardians for permission before sending personal information to Sunce Winery or to anyone contacted through our Web site.
Scroll to top