https://sundownadventureland.co.uk/about-sundown/privacy-policy/
Introduction
The General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) have been introduced to ensure that any business you deal with, treats your personal data with respect and are open and transparent about what they do with it.
At Sundown Adventureland, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our website and to our park. In particular, we want you to know that we are not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes.
We’re family run and just don’t do that sort of thing.
But just to be sure, in this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided lots of detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. So feel free to have a sit-down and read through it at your leisure.
Types of data we collect
Website Cookies
Our websites use cookies to collect information. This includes information about browsing and purchasing behaviour by people who access our websites. This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and the customer journey around our websites.
Google Analytics
When someone visits www.sundownadvetnureland.co.uk we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Mailing Lists
As part of the registration process for our e-newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing our data protection officer at info@sundownadventureland.co.uk.
Third Parties
We will not share your details with anyone outside of the Sundown Adventureland company and our working partners such as our ticketing system suppliers detailed below.
Ticketing Data
When you purchase a ticket (or tickets), merchandise, membership or gift voucher(s) through our online ticketing system your name, address data, email and contact number will be stored by our ticketing partner Gateway Ticketing and could be stored in their system.
You may, of course, purchase a ticket (or tickets) in person at the gate without supplying your personal data. Please be assured that we do not share your personal details with any other company without your consent.
Access to your Personal Information
Under GDPR, you have the right to access and amend any of their personal data that we hold about you. You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer at info@sundownadventureland.co.uk.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 04 May 2018.
Cookies Policy
We use a system of classifying the different types of cookies which we use on the website, or which may be used by third parties through our websites. The classification was developed by the International Chamber of Commerce UK and explains more about which cookies we use, why we use them, and the functionality you will lose if you decide you don’t want to have them on your device.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
How long are cookies stored for?
Persistent cookies – these cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.
Session cookies – these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience.
You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Cookies used on the website
A list of all the cookies used on the Sundown Adventureland website is as follows:
Google Analytics – Performance Cookie
Google Tag Manager – Performance Cookie
Email sign-up Cookie – Functionality Cookie
WordPress – Functionality Cookie
There are different types of cookies and these are classified as follows:
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited. By using the website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies collect information about how visitors use the website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the website works.
Functionality cookies
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience. By using the website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Third party cookies
These cookies allow third parties to track the success of their application or customise the application for you. Because of how cookies work we cannot access these cookies, nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used on our site.
For example, if you choose to ‘share’ content through Twitter or other social networks you might be sent cookies from these websites. We don’t control the setting of these cookies, so please check those websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Share