https://sunstra.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Blog
Our Guarantee
Contact Sales
1.972.449.5121
Our Services
Residential
Commercial
Costs
Financing
Our Guarantee
Founder Message
Solar Panel Types
Why Solar
Value Increase
Incentives,Grants & Tax Credit
24/7 Monitoring
FAQs
Menu
Our Services
Residential
Commercial
Costs
Financing
Our Guarantee
Founder Message
Solar Panel Types
Why Solar
Value Increase
Incentives,Grants & Tax Credit
24/7 Monitoring
FAQs
Do I Qualify for Solar?
Welcome
to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is
critically important to us.
Sunstra is located in the state of Texas:
Sunstra
8663314250
It is Sunstra’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any
information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy
applies to https://sunstra.com/ (hereinafter,
“us”, “we”, or “https://sunstra.com/”). We
respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable
information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this
privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be
collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what
circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy
Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not
apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions
posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your
use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you
may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Sunstra collects
non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and
servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language
preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Sunstra’s
purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better
understand how Sunstra’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Sunstra
may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Sunstra also collects potentially personally-identifying
information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for
users leaving comments on https://sunstra.comblog posts. Sunstra only discloses
logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it
uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of
Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Sunstra’s websites choose to interact with Sunstra
in ways that require Sunstra to gather personally-identifying information. The
amount and type of information that Sunstra gathers depends on the nature of
the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://sunstra.comto
provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us,
but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially
acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its
absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising
partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize
your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile
information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows
ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they
believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of
cookies by Sunstra and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not
operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to
that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy
and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the
content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or
services.
Https://sunstra.comuses
Google AdWords for remarketing
Https://sunstra.comuses the remarketing services to advertise on
third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It
could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task
on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could
be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site
in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use
cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits. Of course, any data
collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s
privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using
the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of
interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a
browser plugin.
Protection of Certain
Personally-Identifying Information
Sunstra discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors
and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to
process it on Sunstra’s behalf or to provide services available at Sunstra’s
website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those
employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of
your home country; by using Sunstra’s website, you consent to the transfer of
such information to them. Sunstra will not rent or sell potentially
personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other
than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described
above, Sunstra discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order
or other governmental request, or when Sunstra believes in good faith that
disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Sunstra,
third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of https://sunstra.comand have
supplied your email address, Sunstra may occasionally send you an email to tell
you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with
what’s going on with Sunstra and our products. We primarily use our blog to
communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email
to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via
one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to
help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Sunstra
takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized
access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying
and personally-identifying information.
Aggregated Statistics
Sunstra may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to
its website. Sunstra may display this information publicly or provide it to
others. However, Sunstra does not disclose your personally-identifying
information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Sunstra uses
“Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to
display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your
preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a
visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each
time the visitor returns. Sunstra uses cookies to help Sunstra identify and
track visitors, their usage of https://sunstra.com/, and their website access
preferences. Sunstra visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their
computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Sunstra’s
websites, with the drawback that certain features of Sunstra’s websites may not
function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your
cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Sunstra’s use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Sunstra may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Sunstra’s sole discretion. Sunstra
encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its
Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy
Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Credit & Contact
Information
This privacy policy was created at termsandconditionstemplate.com. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or phone.
Sunstra
Our Guarantee
Founder Message
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Our Services
Residential
Commercial
Costs
Contact Sales
Contact
1.972.449.5121
6301 Airport Fwy #B Haltom City, TX 76117
Follow Us
© 2020 Sunstra1.972.449.5121
All trademarks are the properties of their respective owners.
Transformation by Digital Marksmen
Have questions? Call us
Our Services
Residential Commercial Costs Financing Our Guarantee Founder Message
Solar Panel TypesWhy Solar
Value Increase Incentives,Grants & Tax Credit 24/7 Monitoring
FAQs