https://tampabayscouting.org/about/privacy-policy
Skip to content
About
About Us
Contact Us
Council Staff
Commissioners
Employment Opportunities
Health and Safety
Executive Board
Camping
COVID Mitigation Procedures
COVID Exposure Form
Council Camps
Camp Alafia
Camp Owen J. Brorein
Camp Soule
Flaming Arrow Scout Reservation
Sand Hill Scout Reservation
Camp Site Reservation
Camp Facilities Usage
Camp Activity Days
Program Area Training
Campmaster Corps
Affiliated Camps
Look Up Event Registration
Programs
Cub Scouts
Exploring
Sea Scouts
Venturing
Scouts BSA
Districts
Find your local district:
Fort Brooke District the northern half of Hillsborough County
Lake Region District the eastern half of Polk County, Highlands, Hardee
Miccosukee District Clearwater, Safety Harbor
Skyway District St. Petersburg south of 54th Ave N
Suncoast District
Pasco County
Thunderbird District the western half of Polk County
Timucua District the southern half of Hillsborough County
Withlacoochee District Citrus, Hernando and Sumter counties combined
Training
National Youth Leadership Training-NYLT
Wood Badge
Powder Horn
Resources
All Things Eagle Scout
Girls in Scouting
Advancement
Forms
Internet Recharter
Internet Advancement
Marketing
National Links
Popcorn
Scholarships and Grants
Scouting Podcasts
How Do I Volunteer?
Event and Activity Guide
ScoutBook
Support
Endowment
Family Friends of Scouting
Memorials and Honorariums
One Car One Difference®
Activities
Keep Scouting – Resources
Fun projects for Scouts that you can do from home
Jamboree On The Internet(April 3-5, 2020)
STEM Nova Awards
Online Merit Badge Classes
Merit Badge Academy
National Jamboree – July 21-30, 2021
Cub Scout Day Camp
High Adventure Bases
NOESA
Special Events
Silver Beaver – March 6th, 2021
Sporting Clays Classic- October 2, 2020
Boy Scouts’ Golf Classic – October 18, 2021
Fleur de Lis Auction- July 16, 2021
Community Service
Shop
Tampa Scout Shop
Shop Online
AboutAbout Us Contact Us Council Staff Commissioners Employment Opportunities Health and Safety Executive Board
CampingCOVID Mitigation Procedures COVID Exposure Form Council CampsCamp Alafia Camp Owen J. Brorein Camp Soule Flaming Arrow Scout Reservation Sand Hill Scout Reservation
Camp Site Reservation Camp Facilities Usage Camp Activity Days Program Area Training Campmaster Corps Affiliated Camps Look Up Event Registration
ProgramsCub Scouts Exploring Sea Scouts Venturing Scouts BSA
DistrictsMap List
TrainingNational Youth Leadership Training-NYLT Wood Badge Powder Horn
ResourcesAll Things Eagle Scout Girls in Scouting Advancement Forms Internet Recharter Internet Advancement Marketing National Links Popcorn Scholarships and Grants Scouting Podcasts How Do I Volunteer? Event and Activity Guide ScoutBook
SupportEndowment Family Friends of Scouting Memorials and Honorariums One Car One Difference®
ActivitiesKeep Scouting – ResourcesFun projects for Scouts that you can do from home Jamboree On The Internet(April 3-5, 2020) STEM Nova Awards Online Merit Badge Classes
Merit Badge Academy National Jamboree – July 21-30, 2021 Cub Scout Day Camp High Adventure Bases NOESA
Special EventsSilver Beaver – March 6th, 2021 Sporting Clays Classic- October 2, 2020 Boy Scouts’ Golf Classic – October 18, 2021 Fleur de Lis Auction- July 16, 2021
Community Service ShopTampa Scout Shop Shop Online
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomeAboutPrivacy Policy
The Greater Tampa Bay Area Council, Boy Scouts of America (“the Council”) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Council’s websites and governs data collection and usage. By using the Council’s websites, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of Your Personal Information
The Council collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. The Council also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by the Council. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring web site addresses. This information is used by Council for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Council website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through the Council public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: The Greater Tampa Bay Area Council, Boy Scouts of America does not read any of your private online communications.
The Council encourages you to review the privacy statements of web sites you choose to link to or from the Council’s website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. The Council is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Council and Council’s family of web sites.
Use of Your Personal Information
The Council collects and uses your personal information to operate the Council’s website and deliver the services you have requested. The Council also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from the Council and its affiliates. The Council may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
The Council does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, the Council may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to the Council, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
The Council does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
The Council keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within the Council, in order to determine which of the Council services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within the Council to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
The Council websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Greater Tampa Bay Area Council, Boy Scouts of America or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Greater Tampa Bay Area Council, Boy Scouts of America; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Greater Tampa Bay Area Council, Boy Scouts of America, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Council website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Council web pages, or register with the Council site or services, a cookie helps the Council recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Council website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Council features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Greater Tampa Bay Area Council, Boy Scouts of America services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
The Council secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. The Council secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
The Council will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. The Council encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Greater Tampa Bay Area Council, Boy Scouts of America is protecting your information.
Contact Information
The Council welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that the Council has not adhered to this Statement, please contact us at webmaster@tampabayscouting.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Have questions or feedback about this page? Last updated January 23, 2020Please contact the page author with your feedback:Katie Sheffield Email
Recent Posts
Philmont 2021 Council Contingent
Scouts BSA
PHILMONT 2020!
Girls in Scouting Information
WELCOME NEW EMPLOYEES!
Categories
Cub Scouts
Featured
Headline
Important
News
Scoutreach
Scouts BSA
Sea Scouts
Training
Venturing
Please fill all widget settings!
Translate »