https://tarabellawinery.com/further-information/privacy-and-terms/
In depth:
Find Us
Contact Us
Site Map
Privacy & Terms
Privacy & Terms
Privacy Policy
Sharing your personal information? We DON’T do it, period.
Under no circumstances will we share any personal information with any third parties or websites. All the information you give us is completely private and used solely for order processing and shipping. Your email never gets sold or distributed to any other website or list.
To process your purchase(s), we will collect your name, billing address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card information. The information you enter will be encrypted and protected by the Secure Socket Layer (SSL). This software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. We are unable to process an order without the requested information.
If we send you an email announcement, you will find instructions on how to unsubscribe if you no longer wish to receive emails from us.
Shipping Policy
Upon the placement of your order, please check your confirmation email immediately to be sure that your “ship to” address is correct. If your address is incorrect, please contact Tara Bella Winery immediately. Once a package has been shipped, there will be a redirect fee charged to you should the address need to be changed while in transit.
Shipping costs from Tara Bella Winery will not be refunded or credited under any circumstances. All costs for return shipment are the responsibility of the client unless otherwise stated and approved in writing by Tara Bella Winery.
Return Policy
Unless wines are damaged or somehow defective, they may not be returned for a refund. If you believe a wine has been damaged in shipment or is somehow defective, please contact Tara Bella Winery within 30 days of receipt of your wines and we will arrange for a replacement of the damaged wine if the wine is still available. If not available, we will offer you a substitute wine or a refund of your payment. All costs for return shipment are the responsibility of the client unless otherwise stated and approved in writing by Tara Bella Winery.
Legal Requirements
You must be 21 years of age or older, to order or receive alcoholic beverages from Tara Bella Winery. Receipt of shipments containing alcoholic beverages requires the signature of a sober adult (a person 21 years of age or older who is not intoxicated). Wines purchased from Tara Bella Winery are not for resale and are for personal consumption only.
More infoFind Us
Contact Us
Site Map
Privacy and Terms
Address Tara Bella Winery
3701 Viking Road
Santa Rosa, CA 95401
Visit Us Tours by appointment only
(707) 544-9049
tarabellavines@gmail.com
Let’s keep in touch
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Mail
Scroll to top