http://the-roadster-factory.com/Privacy-policy.html
Return to TRF Home Page
The Roadster Factory Privacy Policy Page
Last Revised: 5/25/2018
We never share your information with any other party.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use the personal and non-personal information that we collect about you. It also explains your rights to that information. If you have any questions with this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy-policy@trfmail.com.
Personal Data and Non-Personal Data
“Personal Data” means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, for example: your name, address(es), telephone number(es), e-mail address(es), Internet Protocol (“IP”) address(es), as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the above data.
“Non-Personal Data” means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Non-Personal Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Non-Personal Data, as described below.
What Personal Data is Collected, and How do We Collect it?
When you place an order, sign up for our email newsletter, or enter a promotion the information we may collect includes, but is not limited to: your name, address(es), email address(es), age (for driving events, but we do not collect your birthdate) telephone number, mobile number, and IP address. This information is security stored in our website database.
We will always make it clear at the time of collections which data we are collecting and why.
How We Use the Personal Data
We may use your information for the following purposes:
To handle orders placed with us
To respond to questions, comments, concerns, or requests
To send you transactional communications
To enter you in a competition or promotion
To serve website content
As otherwise permitted by law
Important Note: We take credit card security seriously, which is why we process all orders securely through TransFirst with their respective sites. We never retain any of your credit or debit card information directly. All personal information provided during the checkout process will only be used by us to process your order.
Non-Personal Data We Collect
Information Collected by Our Servers. In order to make our website more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third-party service provider) may collect information from you. This information may include, but is not limited to, the following: browser type, operating system, domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
Cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive or mobile device. We may use both persistent cookies and session cookies to provide you with a more personal and uncomplicated user experience. This type of information is collected to make our website more useful and to meet your needs and interests.
Data Retention
The Roadster Factory will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We may also retain this information to resolve disputes and/or enforce agreements. Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time. We will generally keep your data for the following time period: 7 to 10 years as per IRS Regulations.
Your Legal Rights
If you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information through the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases:
The Right to be Informed. That’s what this Privacy Policy is About—our obligation to inform you how we use your personal data.
The Rights of Access and Data Portability. The right to request and receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you in a common format (for example, a .csv file)
The Rights of Rectification, Restriction, and Erasure. You may also have rights to make us correct, delete, or restrict the processing of your personal data.
The Right to Object. A right for you to object to us processing your personal information. In such cases, we will delete your personal information unless we have compelling and legitimate grounds to continue using said information (e.g. legal reasons).
Our Email Mailing List
If you subscribe to our email mailing list your email address will only be used by us to inform you of Sales & Promotions, and Events (any of which can be chosen or removed at any time). We use SmartList to store your information for our email mailing list. You may unsubscribe or change your preferences at any time by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in the footer of any of our list emails.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us in writing at:
The Roadster Factory
P.O. Box 332
Armagh, PA 15920
privacy-policy@trfmail.com