https://thedailydose.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Press
Press Release – Announcing Laughzilla the Third ebook
Press Release – The Daily Dose Kicks Off Its 16th Year with New Books and More Irreverent Laughter
Press Release – Themes Memes and Laser Beams Now Available in Paperback
Press Release – Announcing Themes Memes and Laser Beams
In The News
Privacy
Archive
Books
Shop
Collections
Galleries
Gallery
Captions
Flash Cartoons & Greeting Cards
Laughzilla’s Oska Flash Animation Cartoon Greeting Cards
Oska Cupid Love Humor
#OccupyWallStreet
cats
China
Food
Hors d’oeuvres
Ball of Cream Cheese
Entrees / Main Courses
Meatballs with Baked Beans and Celery
Gadaffy
Google
Links
Video
Submit a joke
DeviantART
Facebook
Twitter
Flickr
pinterest
YouTube
RSS
Home › Privacy Policy
»
Subscribe for Free Laughs!
Leave This Blank:Leave This Blank Too:Do Not Change This:Your email:
Supplemental Social Media
Share
|
Select Chapter
Animals
Babes
Banking
Books
Business
Career
China
Comic
Latest Comics
The Best Cartoons
Bitcoin sings “Fly Me To The Moon”
22 years of The Daily Dose
21 years down. It’s official. We can drink now.
This Thanksgiving, Someone Is Saying You’re Welcome, America
Comic Archive
Political Filler Lite
Daily Dose News Roundup
Hyundai bought Boston Dynamics for nearly $1B — now build a walking car!
AHA News: Two Kids, Same Heart Defect: ‘Like Having Lightning Strike the Same Place Twice’
Why empathy should be the key ingredient in products
AHA News: For Many People, Surviving COVID-19 Doesn’t Mean Getting Better
How to choose the best robotic vacuum for your home
Quotable
JD Salinger, living on East 57th Street in Manhattan, fled society in 1953, moving to a 90-acre compound on a wooded hillside in Cornish. Living Holden's wish to build himself "a little cabin somewhere
with the dough I made and live there for the rest of my life," away from "any goddam stupid conversation with anybody."
Fresh Baked Goods
Laughzilla the Third (2012)
The Third Volume in the Funny Stuff Cartoon Book Collection Available Now.
Click here for the Paperback edition
Themes Memes and Laser Beams - The Second Volume in the Funny Stuff Cartoon Book Collection.
Click Here to get the book in Paperback While Available on Amazon
Themes Memes and Laser Beams - 101 Cartoons by Laughzilla. Get the e-book on Lulu.
Funny Stuff : The First Cartoon Book
from The Daily Dose.
Available on Lulu.
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://thedailydose.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We use contact forms to let you contact us directly and most effectively. We do not sell or rent your contact details to anyone.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Email
You may choose to opt-in to subscribe to our email list(s), in which case your email address is stored on our secure and encrypted email lists, which we do not store locally. Rather, they are stored by professional external email service provider(s) like MailChimp, GetResponse, ConstantContact, SendGrid, WordPress and others, in secure facilities and servers that maintain the highest industry benchmarks.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics and other analytics software available on the market to effectively improve your user experience on our website.
Who we share your data with
Aside from WordPress, Google Analytics and Search Console, we may use other approved 3rd party industry-leading software providers who never see your personal data. Any personal data shared with any external database are things you have opted-in to. For example, if you use Twitter or Facebook and you post a comment or tweet from our site to twitter, then obviously your twitter or facebook preferences are relevant. As we do not control your chosen settings, that’s simply dependent on what you use and set.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
You can reach on us on our Contact page.
Additional information
Terms of Use
When you use our site or any of our services, you agree to follow the rules, which also includes being nice and polite. If you can’t do that, then please do not use our site or any of our services, as that would be a violation of our Terms of Use. Violations will be remedied accordingly, under the law of the relevant jurisdiction(s).
Advertisement Policy
Any ads we run comply with industry standards and groups like the IAB, Social, and other platforms and major advertising organizations.
How we protect your data
We do not store your information so there is nothing for us to protect.
What data breach procedures we have in place
We do not store your data so there is no data to breach.
What third parties we receive data from
We use Google Analytics, Google Search Console, and other approved third-party software providers that provide the usual data that practically every website receives from any number of data providers.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Aside from ads that you may personalize at your own choice on the networks that show you their ads, we do not profile you in any way. It’s all you. Our site may show you content relevant to your past searches, but we do not use that information to profile you in any way or to automate decision making for you or anyone else on the site.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
We comply with all relevant disclosure requirements.
We don’t necessarily comply with ridiculous requirements of random jurisdictions because they may not apply to us and we may not target their geographies anyway. If users from restricted areas visit our site, there is little to nothing we can do to stop that, and we would not want to stop it anyway, because we believe people should have the right to access any publicly available website or information source, without hindrance.
Bottom line: Most importantly, we care about maintaining your privacy, and we make every reasonable effort and then some, to do so.
SummaryService Type
Privacy Policy
Provider Name
The Daily Dose,
Area
Global
DescriptionThis is the Privacy Policy page of TheDailyDose.com the publisher of The Daily Dose editorial, cultural, science, tech, political and business cartoons, comics caricatures, jokes and humor.