https://themorningnews.org/page/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Updated on May 24, 2018
The Morning News and the Tournament of Books do not store, sell, or otherwise share any personal information about our users. We use third-party systems for sending email newsletters, publishing site comments, managing memberships, measuring traffic, and integrating social media, as outlined below.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy please get in touch.
Newsletters
We send email to our newsletter subscribers through Mailchimp, which has no affiliation with The Morning News or the Tournament of Books. We do not send any physical or direct mail. By signing up for our Headlines newsletter, Rooster newsletter, or signing up to become a Sustaining Member, you agree to receive email from The Morning News or the Tournament of Books. Changing your email preferences or opting out from our newsletters is controlled through the Mailchimp platform. You can view Mailchimp's privacy policy here and their terms of use here.
Comments
Our website commenting systems are managed entirely through Disqus, which has no affiliation with The Morning News or the Tournament of Books. Signing up for a commenting account, changing your preferences, or deleting your account is controlled through the Disqus platform. You can view their privacy and data-handling policy here.
Memberships
We run our membership program using Memberful, which has no affiliation with The Morning News or the Tournament of Books. Signing up for a membership, changing your membership preferences, or deleting your membership is managed through the Memberful platform. Please note: Use of Memberful defines The Morning News as the controller of all member data stored in our account; therefore, if members wish to make any changes to or remove their membership data or preferences, they should contact The Morning News. Additionally, you can view the Memberful privacy and data-handling policy here.
Cookies
The Morning News website serves a cookie to remember your preference for whether you want to see the site-wide announcement bar at the top of our pages. Additionally, The Morning News and the Tournament of Books websites serve cookies via third parties to facilitate social media integrations, comments, and traffic metrics.