https://theparrotsocietyuk.org/site/index.php/about-us/society-information/privacy-cookie-gdpr-policy/
Top
About Us / Society Information / Privacy, Cookie & GDPR Policy /
Privacy, Cookie & GDPR Policy
Updated 25/05/2018
1. Introduction
1.1 We are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of our website visitors and service users.
1.2 This policy applies where we are processing the personal data of our website visitors. “(1) ‘personal data’ means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”. For example, where we collect and track information such as cookies, IP addresses, or physical location. This information is usually collected anonymously by common programmes such as Google Analytics.
1.3 We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website. If you decline, we will not collect cookies about you.
1.4 In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to The Parrot Society UK, the owner of this website. For more information about us, see Section 13.
2. Credit
2.1 This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).
3. How we use your personal data
3.1 In this Section 3 we have set out:
(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b) [in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data];
(c) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d) the legal bases of the processing.
3.2 We may process data about your use of our website (“usage data”). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your website visits. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system (Google Analytics, Google Webmaster Tools, Google Adwords & Statcounter.com). This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. We use this information to track how well our website is performing and to make improvements to our website. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
3.3 We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding our goods and services (“enquiry data”). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you at your request. The legal basis for this processing is consent. For example, if you contact us requesting a quote, we will respond to that request in an appropriate manner. If you contact us regarding a privacy concern, we will not use your data to market our goods and services to you.
3.4 We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information (“customer relationship data”). The customer relationship data may include your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you or your employer. The source of the customer relationship data is you or your employer. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.
3.5 We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or our monthly membership magazine (“notification data”). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or magazines. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
3.6 We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data”). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
3.7 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. This clause will apply where a legitimate reason exists to enter into legal proceedings. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
3.8 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary and appropriate to do so for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
3.9 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
3.10 Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
4. Providing your personal data to others
4.1 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.2 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
5. International transfers of your personal data
5.1 In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
5.2 Any data we hold about you will be processed within the EEA, but may be stored outside this area. This will typically happen where data is stored on cloud-based servers. The providers we use for cloud storage are compliant with GDPR requirements, and governed by the EU-US Privacy Shield.
5.3 Transfers to countries outside the EEA will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of binding corporate rules, corporate policies and non-disclosure agreements.
5.4 The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the United Kingdom.
5.5 You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website (for example leaving public comments on blog posts) may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
6. Retaining and deleting personal data
6.1 This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
6.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
6.3 We will retain your personal data as follows:(a) personal data will be retained for no specified minimum from the date you supply it to us, but may be retained for up to 6 years. Any data older than 6 years old will be securely deleted from our servers. We will make every effort to delete data before this period, unless it may be required to prepare for legal action or for legal defence.
6.4 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
7. Amendments
7.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
7.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
8. Your rights
8.1 In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
8.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a) the right to access;(b) the right to rectification;(c) the right to erasure;(d) the right to restrict processing;(e) the right to object to processing;(f) the right to data portability;(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and(h) the right to withdraw consent.
8.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
8.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
8.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
8.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose. To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a) consent; or
(b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
8.9 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement. In the United Kingdom, the governing body is the Information Commissioners Office (the ICO). You can find their details online: https://ico.org.uk
8.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
8.11 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by contacting our assigned Data Protection Officer, Leslie Rance, by emailing les.rance@theparrotsocietyuk.org or by calling 01442 872245.
9. About cookies
9.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
9.2 Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
9.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
10. Cookies that we use
10.1 We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website
(b) personalisation – we use cookies to store information about your preferences, for example whether you have already accepted our website terms and conditions
(c) security – we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally
(d) analysis – we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services
(e) cookie consent – we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally
11. Managing cookies
11.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c) https://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e) https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac (Safari); and
(f) https://support.microsoft.com/help/4468242 (Edge).
11.2 Blocking all cookies may have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
11.3 If you block cookies, you may not be able to use all the features on our website.
12. Our details
12.1 This website is owned and operated by The Parrot Society UK
12.2 We are registered in England and Wales under The Charity Commission our registered number is 268726.
12.3 Our principal place of business is The Parrot Society, Audley House, Northbridge Road, Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire. HP4 1EH.
12.4 You can contact us:
(a) by post, to: Data Protection Officer, The Parrot Society UK, Audley House, Northbridge Road, Berkhamsted Hertfordshire, HP4 1EH;
(b)  by telephone, on 01442 872245
(d) by email, on les.rance@theparrotsocietyuk.org
13. Data protection officer
13.1 Our data protection officer’s contact details are: Les Rance. You can contact Les if you have any questions about how we process your data. Email: les.rance@theparrotsocietyuk.org Phone: 01442 872245
Please review our Privacy Policy