https://thereelnews.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to secondary menu Skip to footerHome
Subscriptions
Contributor
Classified Ads
Advertising
Favorite Links
About
Contact Us
News Releases
Washington News
Oregon News
Regional News
National News
General News
Destinations
Events
Subscriber Login
Digital Member Archives
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyThe Reel News is a publisher of entertaining and useful general information for the general public. It operates this website in accordance with its mission statement. It is the policy of The Reel News to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, The Reel News collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site and the date and time of each visitor request. The Reel News’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how The Reel News’s visitors use its websites. From time to time, The Reel News may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. The Reel News also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on its blogs/sites. The Reel News only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described herein, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to The Reel News’s websites choose to interact with The Reel News in ways that require The Reel News to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that The Reel News gathers depends on the nature of the interaction requested by the user. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at a site to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with The Reel News may be asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process the requested transactions. In each case, The Reel News collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with The Reel News. The Reel News does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described herein. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
The Reel News may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. The Reel News may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, The Reel News does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described herein.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
The Reel News discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on The Reel News’s behalf or to provide services available at The Reel News’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using The Reel News’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. The Reel News will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, The Reel News discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when The Reel News believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of The Reel News, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a The Reel News website and have supplied your email address, The Reel News may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with The Reel News and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. The Reel News takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Information Provided to Sponsors and Endorsements
The Reel News does endorse specific products as set forth in our Affiliate Disclaimer. The Reel News makes every effort to publish complete and useful information about individual products in detail, as well as suggestions on how to access and evaluate the appropriateness of a specific products as a solution to a given task.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. The Reel News uses cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of The Reel News website, and their website access preferences. Cookies are also used to allow our sites to retain credit with affiliates to allow The Reel News to receive a commission on clicks through from its websites. The Reel News visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using The Reel News’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of The Reel News’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If The Reel News , or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that The Reel News goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of The Reel News may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners or affiliates, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by The Reel News and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or affiliates.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, The Reel News may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in The Reel News’s sole discretion. The Reel News encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
How to Contact The Reel News
email to: The Reel News
or phone: (425) 263-9610
9010 Market Place PMB 27
Lake Stevens, WA 98258
Site developed by James Denning
FooterPages
Home
About
Advertising
Archives
Classified Ads
Contributor
Contact Us
Favorite Links
Subscriptions
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Posts
EDITOR’S CREEL
NEWS RELEASES
DESTINATIONS
EVENTS
ARCHIVES
LOG IN