http://thornhaven.com/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy - Thornhaven Estates Winery
Thornhaven Estates Winery(250) 494-7778Shop Hours: OPEN Daily 11 am to 5 pminfo@thornhaven.com
Home
The Winery
Our History
The Family & Team
Media
Covid – 19 Response
Tasting Notes
Shop
On Sale
Reds
Whites
Rose
Frizzante
Dessert Wine
By The Case
Kegs
Cart
Events
Contact
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us on our site.
I. What kind of information do we collect from you when you visit our site?
When you visit thornhaven.com, our stats package from Google collects some basic information about your browser. Examples are things like what type of browser and operating system are you using; how long did you stay on our site; what pages did you look at. This helps us understand how visitors browse our site, so that we can make their shopping experience better.
We also collect personal information about you when you check out of our store such as your name, address, postal code, phone number, etc. We need this information to process payment and ship merchandise to you.
II. Sharing of personal information – we don’t do it.
Under no circumstances will we share any personal information that we collect with any third parties or web sites. All the information you give us is completely private and used solely for order processing and shipping. If you give us permission to send you marketing emails then we use your email for that purpose, but never does that email get sold or distributed to any other web site or list.
III. Consumer inquiries and privacy.
If you have any questions about your privacy, or want to make changes to your profile, or get off our marketing list, simply send us an email at info@thornhaven.com
IV. Protecting your information.
All the payment information we collect is done so under 256-bit SSL encryption – a standard internet security measure. Any data that we store about you is kept behind a secure firewall in our database and is not accessible to the public in any way.
V. SUBMISSIONS
Any communication or material you transmit to Thornhaven Winery or through this site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any photos, images, questions, comments, suggestions or the like (all of which are collectively called “Submissions”), is and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Thornhaven Winery is free to use any ideas, concepts contained in any Submission for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. In that regard, by transmitting any Submission to Thornhaven Winery, you will be deemed for all purposes to have assigned and transferred to Thornhaven Winery all copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights and to have irrevocably waived and released all moral and/or personality rights in and to the Submission without your name associated with the material.
Thornhaven Winery is not responsible for any Submissions which may be posted in any forum or news group accessible or operated through or by this site, and Thornhaven Winery will have the right (but not the obligation) to remove from any such forum or news group anything which it sees fit to remove for any reason. You must not submit or otherwise publish through this site or through these forums or news groups anything which:
(a) defames, libels or invades the privacy of any person;
(b) is obscene, pornographic, abusive or threatening;
(c) infringes on any intellectual property or other rights of any person or entity, including without limitation copyrights and trademarks;
(d) violates any law;
(e) advocates or describes any illegal activity; or
(f) advertises or solicits funds for goods or services.
Our approach to winemaking, careful and passionate, exposes the natural qualities and intricate characteristics of the fruit that produces our elegant internationally award winning vintages.
The spectacular views from our courtyard patio overlook the picturesque landscape of Summerland’s orchard-laden valley floor and distant rolling mountains.
Upcoming Events There are no upcoming events at this time.
Contact Us
© 2020 Thornhaven Estates Winery. All Rights Reserved. Designed by
Signwave Designs Inc.
Home
Shop
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Buying Online
Cart
Item Removed.
Undo
No products in the cart.
Checkout
-
$0.00
0
1