https://tlca.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICYKarie2020-04-02T09:33:30-06:00
TLCA PRIVACY POLICY
Who we are
The TLCA Community is a rich and vibrant one that brings people together for the love of their Toyotas. The Toyota Land Cruiser Association (TLCA) http://www.tlca.org/ takes privacy and the security of collected data seriously.
Anonymous Information Collected
An IP address is an anonymous string of numbers that identifies each computer using the internet (both human and bots). It is tracked on our website by the following entities for better security, products offered, and marketing purposes.
Your browser may also send response headers with generic/anonymized information about the type of browser, computer/device, and ISP you are using, and your location by country only.
The privacy policy of each entity that collects this information is linked below, if you would like more info about them.
Google Analytics – so we can determine the type of products and content you are most interested in and create more of this.
InMotion Hosting – kept in the server logs so the host can identify and stop bad bot attacks.
YouTube – if you view a YouTube embedded video on the site, the IP info is sent to YouTube to record that the video has been viewed, just as it would if you had watched it directly on YouTube.
Comments/Reviews
When visitors leave comments or reviews on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Email Collection
Our newsletter provider is is MailChimp. If you elect to subscribe, your email address will be stored on their servers. You can access your info any time by clicking the Manage Subscription link at the bottom of any email you receive from TLCA. We will never share your email for any reason.
Transactional and Service Data
We collect payments on our website with WooCommerce.
When you make a purchase the following data may be shared with Paypal which acts as our payment processor and gateway.
Data backups are provided by Amazon Web Services
Cookies
If you leave a review on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Disable Tracking
You can disable cookies through your own browser settings. Check with the browser vendor for more info on how to do that, if you wish.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Disclaimer and limitation of liability
The Toyota Land Cruise Association makes no representation, warranties, or assurances as to the accuracy, currency, or completeness of any privacy polices of 3rd party entities that information is shared with.
Contact
You may contact us directly with any concerns you may have about your info that is collected through the site.
a TLCA sticker, discounts from many of our business members and more!
If you are interested in joining for the first time click here for more information.
If you are renewing your membership
click here to login to your account and renew.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Continued use of this site means you agree to our privacy policy and terms of use.ACCEPT AND CLOSEPrivacy policy
Go to Top