https://topdiving.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Top Diving Gran Canaria
Skip to content
FacebookLinkedInTwitterInstagram
WhatsAppShopOur BlogContact Us
Search for:
DIVE TRIPS Discover Scuba DivingGuided DivesRefresher ProgramThe Dive SitesFranja Marina de MogánTop Diving in Gran CanariaInternshipPADI COURSES Discover Scuba DivingScuba DiverOpen Water DiverAdventure DiverAdvanced Open WaterEmergency First ResponseRescue DiverPADI DivemasterBOOK MY DIVES All ProductsPROMOTIONS Dive & Stay PackagesCurrent OffersFor Dive Clubs And GroupsABOUT AccommodationBooking.comGalleryHow To Reach UsThe StaffThe WeatherVideos
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. At Top Diving we have a few fundamental principles that we follow:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of our site.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Top Diving collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Top Diving’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Top Diving’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Top Diving may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Top Diving also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on our blogs. Top Diving only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Top Diving’s websites choose to interact with Top Diving in ways that require Top Diving to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Top Diving gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who comment on our blog to provide a username and email address. Those who wish to receive Top Diving updates via email, we collect their emails. In each case, Top Diving collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Top Diving. Top Diving does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Top Diving may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Top Diving may use spam screened by the Wordfence service to help identify spam. Top Diving may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Top Diving does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Top Diving discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Top Diving’s behalf or to provide services available at Top Diving’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Top Diving’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Top Diving will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Top Diving discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Top Diving believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Top Diving, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Top Diving website and have supplied your email address, Top Diving may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Top Diving and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Top Diving takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
E-Mails
Our emails forms do not keep your name and address on our server.
Business Transfers
If Top Diving, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Top Diving goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Top Diving may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Top Diving and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Comments
Comments and other content submitted to Wordfence anti-spam service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Top Diving may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Top Diving’s sole discretion. Top Diving encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Woocommerce – Online Bookings
What we collect and store
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for XXX years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
Who on our team has access:
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
Request User Data
Request your data stored in the site database (comments, WooCommerce orders etc.). Data found is send to your email address and allows you to put in an additional request to have the data anonymised.
[wpgdprc_access_request_form]
Top DivingAccommodation
Current Offers
Dive Clubs And Groups
Top Diving in Gran Canaria
How To Reach Us
The Weather
Top Diving Staff
PADI CoursesTry Diving
Scuba Diver
Open Water Diver
Adventure Diver
Advanced Open Water
Rescue Diver
PADI Shark Specialty
Latest News
Underwater chess match in the marine reserve!
March 5, 2020
Sand and wind storm February 2020
February 26, 2020
My internship with Top Diving
January 29, 2020
Welcome to Top Diving Camille!
December 20, 2019
Top Diving Gran Canaria Angel Shark Project
November 23, 2019
Keeping Gran Canaria´s largest marine reserve clean
September 14, 2019
Top Diving, S.L.Puerto Escala,
C. Doreste Y Molina S/N,
35130 Puerto Rico,
Gran Canaria,
Spain
Phone: +34 603 280 979
Email: topdivinggc@gmail.com
Copyright 2017 - 2019 Top Diving Gran Canaria | All Rights Reserved |
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions |
Go to Top