https://touchingnature.co.uk/privacy-policy/
TouchingNature.co.uk – Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy details the privacy practices of TouchingNature.co.uk as it pertains to information that we collect through the website operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy, including TouchingNature.co.uk, our social media pages, and email messages, as well as any other communications with us. By willingly providing personal and other Information to us, you are consenting to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
We have the utmost respect for the privacy of all our customers and understands the importance of privacy to you. To this end, and in accordance with current privacy legislation, we will only use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to read this policy, to understand what types of information we collect, and how we use or disclose it.
Personal Information We Collect
TouchingNature.co.uk collects only the personal information we require to effectively respond to your requests for our customised products and services and to enable you to use the resources available on our website. This personal information includes, but is not limited to, your name, company name, physical address, email address, phone number(s) and any other information that itself can identify or, when tied to the above information, may identify you as a specific individual.
Order Information We Collect
Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by third-party payment services providers, namely PayPal and Stripe. We share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding payments as and when required, and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
Email Marketing – Device Information We Collect
When you visit our website, you can sign up for our email marketing newsletter. This is done via an opt-in email system where you specifically give us permission to send you email marketing newsletters with info on what’s happening at TouchingNature.co.uk. To provide you with the appropriate level of service, we may also collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type for system administration purposes. When you open an email newsletter we have sent to you, our software gives us details such as the number of times you have read the email and the links you have clicked. Tracking is only used on marketing emails (e-news, e-zines, newsletters) and not in conjunction with any other type of email communications with TouchingNature.co.uk staff. You have the right to unsubscribe from our emails at any time, by phoning, emailing, visiting our website to update your preferences or clicking ‘unsubscribe’ at the footer of one of our emails.
How We Use & Share Your Personal Information
We are the sole owner of any information collected on this site. We will not, under any circumstances, sell, share, or rent this information to any other organisation in any way other than what has been detailed in this Privacy Policy.
If a user contacts us with a general enquiry, we may require you to provide us with personal information such as your contact details so that we can appropriately address your needs. We use other information we hold about you for the following general purposes: to supply you with the products and services you request; to give you booking confirmations and updates; to manage your account, including issuing invoices and providing booking notifications; to communicate with you; to respond to any questions and comments; to follow up on our customer service, if necessary; to gain feedback on our products, services, and website; to tackle disputes, collect payments due, or resolve outstanding issues; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
If you enter into correspondence with us regarding an advertising enquiry or guest bloggin, we may also keep records of that correspondence.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with GDPR and any other relevant data protection legislation.
In addition to the circumstances described above, we may disclose your information if required to do so by law, court order, as requested by other government or law enforcement authorities, or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable, including (without limitation) when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities.
Emails
We always have our customers’ needs at the forefront of our approach. We want to make it as simple as possible for you to enjoy the leisure and outdoor recreation activities we offer through our website. One way we do this is by emailing you with information we believe will be of interest to you about specific leisure and educational opportunities we have available.
Social Media Services
You can choose to access certain third party social media websites and services, e.g. Facebook, through our site. When you do so, you will be sharing information with those sites. This information will be governed by their Privacy Policies, which may include that they might share relevant information with us.  These websites and services may allow you to personalise your privacy settings to control the use of your data. Please refer to the relevant provider policies for more information.
External Links and Social Plug-Ins
If you click on a link on the TouchingNature.co.uk website that takes you to an external website, those websites are not covered by our Privacy Policy. We recommend that you read the privacy policies on each individual website you visit to understand their own approach to collecting, utilising, and sharing personal information.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies in several ways. Cookie files are used to appreciate how you go through our website so that we may personalise your experience at our website. Cookies are also used to determine whether you have visited our website before, and track the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing by monitoring whether you came to our website from a particular Internet address or advertisement.
Cookies can also be used to assist you to save and retrieve passwords and any other information and preferences you use on our website, so that you do not have to re-enter these details every time you visit our website.
Cookies cannot and will not be used by us to uncover any additional personal information from your computer that you have not previously and voluntarily given us. The majority of web browsers will allow you to disable the cookies you don’t want should you wish to opt out of using them on our site. Please be aware that changing your cookie settings will affect all websites you visit unless you specify otherwise. Disabling cookies may also affect your browsing experience as some website functionalities, such as logging in, will cease to work without them.
Third Party Cookies
This website uses third party embedded content from external providers such as Facebook, YouTube and Google. Cookies may be put in place by these sites in order for this content to function, however these cookies are not managed by us  and data collected from them may be stored outside the EEA.
You can find out more about our third parties privacy policies by reading their Privacy Policies:
Facebook: https://en-gb.facebook.com/policy.php
Google and YouTube: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
Google Analytics
The site TouchingNature.co.uk uses Google Analytics to analyse its website’s performance. The information Google Analytics gathers using our website’s cookies generates generic reports about the use of our website.
Google’s Privacy Policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
GOOGLE WEB FONTS
For uniform representation of fonts, this website may use web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
GOOGLE MAPS
This site may use the Google Maps map service via an API. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
To use Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer.
The use of Google Maps is in the interest of making our website appealing and to facilitate the location of places specified by us on the website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of Google at https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
This Website is operated by:
Magdalena Seifert, Hüttenweg 11, 94249 Bodenmais, Germany
Last Updated: 1. May 2019
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies.OKMore Information