https://tropicalboat.com/privacy/
Home
Charters & Pricing
Day charters
Extended charters
Luxury yacht vacation
Party charters events
Fishing charters
Private boat tours
Destinations
Miami & Biscayne Bay
Florida Keys
Florida Palm Beaches and Intercoastal
Bahamas & Caribbean
Yacht Management
Testimonials
About
Yacht Blog
Contact
privacy policy
The Privacy Policy of Tropicalboat Luxury Yacht Charters & Rentals, its companies, and websites is disclosed herein describing how we use and protect the information collected. Our website guests agree that by visiting our sites, they are bound by and are in agreement with our policies.
our copyrights
This website is protected by United States and International copyright laws and treaties, with all rights reserved. You may not modify, reverse engineer, reproduce, or distribute the content, design, or layout of this Web Site, or individual sections of the content, design, or layout of this Web Site without prior written permission from Tropicalboat Luxury Yacht Charters & Rentals. Any violation of this Agreement shall subject you to a legal action.
website information collection
The information visitors may enter into our website including name, phone or email are used specifically by Tropicalboat Luxury Yacht Charters & Rentals to contact the guest to provide requested charter information on private yacht charters and services. The information entered by our visitors is held in confidence, and is not shared, sold, traded, or rented to or with others outside our organization unless necessary to fulfill a user’s request, which may include referral to such vendors as caterers, transportation companies or jet ski and water sport companies.
visitor tracking
Our website does not log or track a user visit through cookies or web beacons.
communications
Tropicalboat Luxury Yacht Charters & Rentals, its companies may contact users via email from time to time with company updates, news on charters, services and promotions for luxury term charters, day charter yacht excursions or party charters. Website users may opt out of all such communications at any time.
responsibility
Tropicalboat Luxury Yacht Charters & Rentals, its staff, companies or websites are not responsible or liable for any damages or loss associated with using our website or copying any information from our website. Neither warranties nor guarantees exist in connection with this site exist regarding the accuracy or completeness of the website’s information and content. All website’s content is provided in good faith and offered for informational purposes only. Tropicalboat Luxury Yacht Charters & Rentals does not warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information and/or images displayed. Some yacht images on our website might be manufacturer’s stock photos, and not of actual yacht. Guests are always welcome to inspect all yachts prior to booking. Yacht inventory, specifications, and charter prices are subject to change without notice.
additional links
Tropicalboat Luxury Yacht Charters & Rentals website may contain useful links to other yachting sites. Users are under no obligation to click or visit these links. We are not responsible for the content and privacy practices of other sites.
updates
Tropicalboat Luxury Yacht Charters & Rentals reserves the right to make changes to this policy and upon doing so will update this section. Users are encouraged to check the Privacy Policy for updates from time to time.
inquiries
Tropicalboat Luxury Yacht Charters & Rentals welcomes any inquiries regarding our privacy policies. Please email us info@tropicalboat.com.
Pin It on Pinterest