https://trout-bum.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy – Trout Bums on the Web
Skip to content
Trout Bums on the Web
Become one with the chum
Privacy Policy
Introduction
The Trout Bums on the Web respects each individual’s right to personal privacy.  We will collect and use information through our Web site only in the ways disclosed in this statement.  This statement applies solely to information collected at the Trout Bums on the Web site.
Part I.  Information Collection
Trout Bums on the Web collects information through our Web site at several points.  We do this solely to reduce the amount of spam comments and irrelevant posts.  We ask for your name and valid email address to post comments on our site.  You have two options to provide this information.  You can either sign up for an account and login to leave posts or you can input your name and email each and every time you leave a comment.  If you do not wish to leave comments, then you will never be asked to provide this information.
We collect the following information about visitors who add comments to our site:
Name, email address, and other personally identifiable information such as IM addresses, website URL’s, bio statements, and misc items listed on the profile page, when registering for the site.  This method is optional.  The sole benefit to registering is that you will be able to login and leave as many comments as you please without entering your name and email address for each comment.  If you show good judgement and your comments are appropriate, I may even all your comments to bypass moderation and instantly publish.
Name and email address ONLY when leaving comments without an account.  This is the mandatory minimum.  Your information in never saved in a common database, only with each and every comment.  You will be required to resubmit this information each time.  Your comments will always be subject to moderation with this method.
We do not verify the accuracy of information submitted, so if you give us a bum name or email address, then the joke is on us.
If all you wish to do is receive notices when new posts are added, please use the built-in RSS feeds feature. RSS feeds allow you to receive notification without ever divulging your email address to outside sources.
All comments are moderated and and there are no guarantees that your comment will be approved and added to the site.  Any personally identifiable information that is included in comments or posts (email addresses, names, URL’s, etc.) are displayed in their full glory and no attempts to obfuscate that information is made by Trout Bums on the Web.  You are FULLY RESPONSIBLE for any info that you include in your comments as they are outside the scope of our privacy and protection policies.
When you get down to brass tacks, unless you plan on leaving comments, you should NOT sign up for an account.  This is not a membership site, it is my personal blog that I have kindly opened up to commenting.  I do feel justified in protecting my blog from malicious commenters.
Part II. Children Under 13 Years of Age
Trout Bums on the Web does not actively market to children, and we never knowingly ask a child under 13 to divulge personal information.  If you are under 13, then we will assume that your mommy and/or daddy is OK with you reading and commenting on a site about fly fishing.  I you are doing this without their permission, then we kindly ask that you go away until you have their permission.  If we get a complaint, your IP will be banned.  NOTE TO PARENTS:  If you do not want you child viewing this site, take away their internet privileges, or tell then NOT to surf here. Be the parent!
Don’t make me the parent of your child as I already have children of my own.
Part III.  Information Usage.
The information collected by Trout Bums on the Web will be used to approve or decline your comments.  That’s all.
Registered users will not receive additional announcements from us about products, services, special deals, etc.  We notify you about new posts through our RSS feeds.
The information we collect will NOT be used to create customer profiles based on browsing or purchasing history.  We will not supplement information collected at our Web site with data from other sources.
I do use Google Analytics, but that is strictly for my own ego gratification.  I like to see how many people are reading my blog, what search terms they use in Google to find me, and what pages they read.  Sorry, but there are no underlying conspiracies to obtain data and demographics about you.  Quite honestly, I can barely keep track of my own interests, let alone someone Else’s.  Oh, you should probably ready Google’s privacy notice if you use them for search.
We offer links to other Web sites.  Please note: When you click on links to other Web sites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies.  Their standards may differ from ours and we are absolutely NOT responsible for anything posted on someone Else’s site.  You are a big boy or girl, so you know how these things work.  If you are not a big boy or girl, then please refer to our policies on children above.
Please be advised that information posted in these venues becomes public knowledge.
Our policy on information collection or uses may change over time.  It will be your sole responsibility to check this page every so often to determine the scope of the changes.  No one is holding your hand here.
Part IV.  Access to Information
Trout Bums on the Web does not maintain the accuracy of the information in your profiles.  Users may access their own personal information and/or contact us about inaccuracies they may find.  Users may delete their information from our database by requesting an account deletion.
Part IV. Problem Resolution
If problems arise, users may contact Trout Bums on the Web by emailing me at brian@trout-bum.org.  In the event of any disputes that arise, or if an appropriate resolutions cannot be reached, I am inclined to simply delete your account and ban your IP.  We are simply telling stories here and I expect everyone to respect that right.  Cause problems – get banned.  It’s that simple.  If you get banned, I do not want to hear it.  There are no second chances.
Proudly powered by WordPress