https://turtleexpedition.com/index.php/privacy-policy
HomeSuppliers
Adventures
Russia
Introduction
Russia Update 1
Russia Update 2
Russia Update 3
Russia Update 4
Russia Update 5
Russia Update 6
Europe
Switzerland by RV – 2007
Mexico
Baja California
baja-backroad-adventures
Agua Verde
Bahía de los Angeles the Hard Way
Baja Testing The Turtle V (Visiting Whales, Caves & Old Ranches)
The Giants of San Ignacio Lagoon
The Call of Baja (Visiting Granville King)
Granville King, the wily old Desert Fox
From The Backcountry by Granville King – Baja California 1988
Chihuahua Backroads
North America
Hiking the John Muir Trail
Friends of the Trail (JMT)
JMT Equipment Sources
Pilot Butte Wild Horse Loop, WY
Camino Del Diablo, AZ
Vehicles
Introduction
The Turtle I
The Turtle II
The Turtle III
The Turtle IV
The Turtle V
The Weekend Warrior
Tech Stuff
The Bearing Thing
Baja Testing The Turtle V
Turtle Blog
About Us
Contact
subscribe to news
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
When registering on our site, you will be asked to enter your email address.
What do we use your information for?
The email address you provide will be used to send our periodic blogs.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future blogs, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter and submit your email address.
Do we use cookies?
Our website makes use of cookies which are small digital files that are stored in your web browser that enable us to track your return visits to our website.
Your browser settings may allow you to block these cookies, but we recommend you have them enabled to help us personalize your experience on our website.
Additionally, 3rd party advertisers on our site may use cookies for tracking purposes.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on the sites they visit on the Internet.
Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.turtleexpedition.com
wescott@turtleexpedition.com
© 2016 The Turtle Expedition, Unltd. | Web Design Nevada City | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Powered by WordPress |
Powered by Yandex Translate | admin