http://twobrothersbrewing.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
Two Brothers Brewing Company respects the privacy of each individual who visits our Web sites or responds to online advertisements or e-mail campaigns. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding what information Two Brothers Brewing Company may collect from the Web sites, online advertisements at other Web sites and e-mail campaigns, and how we may use the information. This Policy will also provide you with instructions on what to do if you don’t want to share personal information with us. Your use of the website, and continued use of the website after any changes have been made to this Privacy Policy signifies your consent to be legally bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy policy, please do not use the website or provide any information to us.
UNAUTHORIZED USE
Access to Two Brothers Brewing Company Web sites is restricted to people of legal drinking age, including access to all advertising and marketing information on the sites. If you are not of legal drinking age and have entered this website by falsifying that you are of legal drinking age, please leave this website immediately. We are committed to complying with all laws, rules and regulations. If you are not of legal drinking age, under no circumstances may you provide any personal information on this website.
ANY INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE IS VOLUNTARY
Two Brothers Brewing Company Web sites may request from you information such as your name, address, telephone number, date of birth and/or your e-mail address. Please know that any information you provide to us is voluntary on your part and not required by Two Brothers Brewing Company.
If you do not want information collected from the Two Brothers Brewing Company Web sites, please do not submit any information to us or agree to the collection of your information. If you have already submitted personal information to us and would like us to remove it from our records, please contact us at the e-mail address on our Contact Us page and request removal of the information from our records. Once we receive your request, we will remove the personal information you provided to us. If you do provide Two Brothers Brewing Company with information, unless we advise you otherwise, we may use the information such as your name, address, telephone number, date of birth and/or your e-mail address to provide requested information, to improve our products and/or services, to send information or publications, to revise our Web site to better address your interests, to use as an entry to a contest or sweepstakes, to provide to third-parties affiliated with Two Brothers Brewing Company, and/or to contact you. We may share your information with persons and entities that are not affiliated with Two Brothers Brewing Company.
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
We also use certain standard web measurement and tracking technologies such as “cookies,” web server logs, or other statistics programs to collect Usage Information and track and record how you use the Website. If our Website offers shopping, we may use cookies to keep track of items in your shopping cart. This data is anonymous and does not personally identify you. Your browser may have an option that allows you to accept cookies, reject cookies, or receive notification when a cookie is sent, but you should note that the use of such restrictive browser settings may limit your use of the Website. In addition, we may utilize use web beacons (also known as “action tags” or “one pixel .gif files”) to recognize you when you visit the Website. We do not use spy ware, adware or any other similarly intrusive software. We may also use other technology, called clear GIFs, to provide us with other important anonymous information, such as when an e-mail has been opened.
EMAIL LISTS
In the event you provide your email address to opt-in to our email list, you agree to receive such emails and further agree that you will be responsible for opting out of such emails and all future email communications by clicking on the opt-out link on the bottom of such email communications.
CREDIT CARD INFORMATION
You may be asked to provide credit card information to complete an on-line purchase. We do not collect or store any credit card information and such information is used only to complete the transaction.
E-mail: BeerGuys@TwoBrosBrew.com