https://ukparachuting.co.uk/privacy-policy/
UK Parachuting Terms and Conditions & Privacy StatementThank you for booking your skydive experience with UK Parachuting. Our professional and dedicated skydiving staff will guide you through the thrill and exhilaration of freefall and hopefully make this an experience to remember.Please read this document carefully make sure you agree to the terms & conditions before booking your skydiveGeneral-Bookings are made on the understanding that any skydive will only take place in accordance with the safety guidelines imposed by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) and the British Skydiving (governing body).Your contract is with UK Parachute Services Limited trading as UK Parachuting We accept the booking subject to you agreeing to the conditions set out in the terms & conditions.Please read the booking conditions carefully which explain your respective rights and obligations.UK parachuting is the booking agent for 2 British Skydiving Parachute Training Organisations (PTO’s) Beccles Skydivers and Sibson Skydivers. Once the booking has been completed your details are passed onto these PTO’s as they deliver the experience on behalf of UK ParachutingWhen you make a booking, you are confirming you have the authority and accept the terms & conditions. By agreeing to these terms & conditions you consent to the use of your information by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy.A booking and binding contract is made with us when:• You complete the booking online or by phone and pay a deposit or full balance• We issue you with a ‘Booking confirmation’ with ‘Detailed instructions’ including:o o o oBritish Skydiving Medical Self Declaration British Skydiving Membership Beccles/Sibson Skydivers Club Membership The time and Date of your skydive bookingThese booking conditions form the entire agreement between us.The “Booking confirmation” and “Detailed Instructions” email:Version 1.2 dated 20/05/2020 Participation Requirement’sThe Following forms are sent to the customer vis a third party “Smart Waiver” must be completed online prior to your jump date. If you are unable to access the internet the forms are to be brought on the day with relevant additional signatories where relevant:o o oBritish Skydiving Medical Self Declaration form British Skydiving Membership form Beccles/Sibson Skydivers Club Membership formNotes:If you have doubts about your fitness to do a tandem jump, please discuss this with your doctor. They should read this form before giving the adviceOver the Age of 16 and under the age of 18 on the day -A parental/guardian consent is required for all forms. These forms must be completed prior to your training and jump, these forms must be signed by your Parent/GuardianOnly a Director of UK Parachuting has the authority to vary or omit any of these terms and or promise any discount or refund.Any offer shown via our website or a 3rd party voucher supersedes details published in any Charity brochure.UK Parachuting will make every effort to comply with the preferred dates for booking. In circumstances where we reasonably decide that you cannot participate in the skydiving challenge for medical or safety related reasons we reserve the right to decline an individual on these grounds including failure to arrive on time for your prior confirmed skydive.Please note that any admin or deposit fees are non-refundable in all cases. UK Parachuting will make every effort to comply with the preferred dates for booking. If the dates are unavailable, UK Parachuting will contact you prior by text or email to your attendance to arrange an alternative. An individual making a group booking on behalf of other participants acknowledges and accepts these terms & conditions on behalf of the participants. You will receive a separate booking confirmation email from UK Parachuting.Privacy Statement –In order to process your booking and to ensure your skydiving challenge runs efficiently and safely, we need to use the information provided to us for business processing purposes and in conjunction with British Skydiving and GDPR requirements. If you have chosen to participate in a charity fundraising event we may share your details with that charity to prevent fundraising fraud and financial crime. We will not share, rent or sell your Data therefore any direct marketing will be for the purposes of non-profit and charity purposes or UK Parachuting direct communication only. The information may be provided to security or credit checking agencies, public authorities if required to do so by law. We will not, however, pass any sensitive information on to any person including details of any disabilities. In making this booking, you consent to this information being used and passed on to the relevant organisations for the purposes disclosed.Version 1.2 dated 20/05/2020 Here at UK Parachuting we take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us. UK Parachuting use a third-party company “Send in Blue” for all newslettersSafeguarding – British Skydiving and its Affiliated PTOs acknowledge the duty of care to safeguard and promote the welfare of those taking part in our sport and is committed to ensuring safeguarding practice reflects statutory responsibilities, government guidance and complies with best practice and requirements.Cancellations Rebooking & Additional Fees PayableChanging a date – Any changes to your chosen dates should be done via our booking website by the customer. You must log into your personal account at https://burblesoft.com/ and change your date. Please note that any changes require 7 days’ notice via https://burblesoft.com/ Any changes to the refund policy is at the discretion of UK Parachuting Directors only.Failure to Arrive– If you fail to arrive on the time and date stated for your course, you will not be entitled to a refund of any fees or deposits paid. Fees or Deposits paid are not transferrable. You will remain liable for any final balance of payment if you fail to arrive. A new deposit maybe required should you choose to re-arrange.Disclosure & Documentation– On the day of the course, if you do not conform to the age, weight and health requirements of the CAA and the British Skydiving, or you do not have the correct paperwork required for skydiving you will not be permitted to take part in any skydive.Documentation – Included are threes forms that must be completed online prior to your attendance on the day. Failure to complete forms may result in a delay to your skydive as we work on a “first come first serve” policyYou may not be able to skydive unless you have the appropriate signatory requirements. You will not be entitled to a refund of any fees or deposits paid.No refund or repeat attempt will be allowed after a refusal to jump and exit the aircraft.Weather Conditions- If inclement weather or technical problems with the aircraft or instructors prevent skydiving on the day booked, you will be able to rebook a mutually convenient date free of charge. Refunds will not be made under these circumstances on final balances paid on the day.Duration on the day– Due to irregularities in weather, aircraft limitations and numbers of participants on the day of the course, you may need to be at the drop zone for the entire day, irrespective of your arrival time.Version 1.2 dated 20/05/2020 Group Bookings- You accept responsibility for these terms on behalf of all participating members of the group including payment of deposit. If a group booking has been made and some of the group fails to turn up, the non-group prices will be charged.Redeeming Vouchers-Any vouchers purchased are non-refundable and are not valid beyond the expiry date. To transfer the voucher to another person there is an administration charge of £30. To extend a booking or a voucher for 3 months there is an administration charge of £49 per person.All standard UK Parachuting terms and conditions apply to bookings made to redeem vouchers or via other agencies. Once a date has been booked to redeem a voucher, if the participant does not turn up the voucher will be deemed used.All discounts cannot be combined or used in conjunction with other and/or promotions/special offers For “Our solo – learn to skydive AFF courses”– It may be necessary for the jump to take place at a later date following the ground training you will be able to rebook a mutually convenient date free of charge. Refunds will not be made under these circumstances.Non-Refundable Deposit –In all cases you agree to pay an upfront £50 Non-Refundable deposit per person. The payment method and details are taken securely at the time of booking. The remaining balance of your skydive is due/owed on the day you arrive at the parachute centre for your skydive.Card Payment Charges– Final balance of payments are due on your arrival day, prior to your skydive taking place. Payment is either by cash or card.Charity Skydiving & Fundraising – You can find a list of our affiliate charities can be found on our website www.ukparachuting.co.ukOur affiliate charities qualify for a discounted skydiving rate which can increase the donations received by the charity you may support a charity of your own choice by contacting them direct and confirming they will accept your skydiving challenge including donations received and which suitable campaign method should be used for fundraising.You can choose to fundraise in different ways:Self-funding method– You are responsible for the cost of the skydive in its entirety including the non-refundable £50 deposit and the final balance on the day of arrival you should then ensure your chosen charity receives all of the funds you raise via a suitable agreed method of donation.Fundraising whilst skydiving for free or at minimal cost-You are responsible for paying the £50 Non-refundable deposit personally on the date of booking. Simply, raise the minimum sponsorship amount recommended by your chosen charity and aim to exceed this target. Partial sponsorship raised goes towards the cost of your skydive whilst any additionalVersion 1.2 dated 20/05/2020 and exceeded sponsorship monies should be given to your chosen charity also via a suitable agreed method of donation for example online giving sites. Depending on the charity you choose you may be able to cover the entire cost of the skydive in full; regardless a minimum £50 Non-refundable deposit contribution is always payable at outset by each individual participant. You should contact the event organiser or charity direct for additional information regarding skydiving for ‘Free’ or at minimal cost if it is not shown on the events pages on our website or the charity information pack.Important* –Confirmation and evidence of the minimum sponsorship amounts raised are required on the day of arrival from a smart device or paper print equivalent from your online ‘giving’ site or any other suitable approved charity method. UK Parachuting is in no way responsible or liable for the collection of charity sponsorship or the receipt of donations. When fundraising you must make it clear how much you are raising and how much of the sponsorship will contribute towards your costs. You must not start to collect sponsorship until you have received written confirmation of your booking from us.Disabilities – Our Challenges are open to participants of all backgrounds and we will do our best to cater for any special requirements you may have. If you have any medical problem or disability which may affect your involvement in the challenge you must provide us with full details at booking by email or telephone (such information will be dealt with in a confidential manner).Before we confirm your booking, we will advise as to the suitability of the skydiving event. In circumstances where we reasonably decide that you should not participate in the skydiving challenge for medical or safety related reasons we reserve the right to decline the booking.Height & Weight Restrictions – Our weight limit is as follows:Beccles male 16.5 stone 104 kg fully clothed Beccles female 15.5 stone 98.4 kg fully clothedSibson male 15.7 stone 99.6 kg fully clothed Sibson female 15.7 stone 99.6 kg fully clothedMale and Females. There is no height limit for Skydiving; however, your weight should be in proportion to your height.Clothing – Make sure you wear comfortable clothing and lace up shoes (e.g trainers), failure to wear correct clothing may result in you being unable to jump.Beccles and Sibson Skydivers reserve the right to ask anyone behaving unsuitably to leave the premises. This includes anyone believed to be under the influence of alcohol or drugs will not be permitted to jump.Version 1.2 dated 20/05/2020 Video Photography and Media–You may request the skydive to be filmed for an additional cost. You agree that any stills or video recordings taken prior to, during, or after the event, which may include your personal image, may be used in media context connected with the event, we will retain all rights, title and interest in such digital imagery video or still made by us including but not limited to any royalties, proceeds, or other benefits derived from such material.In the unlikely event of a full video and/or pictures failure, a refund will be issued for the payments thereof, however no refund or re-jump will be issued for the tandem skydive. Due to the nature of skydiving, certain aspects of the media are not guaranteed (e.g. landing footage), as safety is our primary concern.Purchased media will be sent via a link to the supplied email address only. You must download your media package within 7 days of jumping before expiring. This can be done on a computer using WIFI. We do not supply any hard copies of the media purchased. All media will be sent to the email address supplied normally with 72 hrs on completion of the jump.Accuracy of information – We always endeavour to ensure any information on prices both on our website and in our brochures is up to date and accurate; however, the information and prices shown sometimes do change from time to time. We make every effort to ensure the accuracy of the website however regrettably errors do occasionally occur and we reserve the right to correct prices and other details in these circumstances. You must therefore ensure you check the price and all other details at the time of booking and on receipt of your booking confirmation and detailed instructions.Fraud and Financial Crime- Charities and supporters can be victims of fraud or financial crime. Therefore, UK Parachuting takes reasonable steps to prevent fraudulent activity. Any concerns that an appeal or activity may be fraudulent should be reported to the charity direct or the police. The participant is responsible for ensuring all sponsorship monies are collected and donations are received by the allocated charity, all sponsorship money should be sent directly to the Charity or through a reputable online ‘giving’ site which has been approved by your chosen charity. Any refunds made to sponsors due to event cancellation should be dealt with efficiently and transparently by contacting the charity involved and arranging a suitable method of reimbursement if required to do so.Safety –This is a question that many people ask themselves before deciding whether to enrol on a beginners’ parachute course.British Skydiving (the sport’s National Governing Body) has built up an extensive database, which can help to answer some of these questions. There is no such thing as a totally safe parachute jump. The risk may be fairly low for some types of jump but there is always some risk. As with any action sport, sport parachuting can never be entirely risk-free. All those who choose to participate in the sport therefore voluntarily accept an element of risk. Here, our purpose is to provide data to quantify the risk and help you to make an informed choice.Version 1.2 dated 20/05/2020 Insurance –Included in the price of your skydive is temporary membership to the British Skydiving, which covers you for third party Liability only up to £10,000,000. This does not, cover you for personal injury and you are therefore strongly advised to arrange personal cover for yourself.You can visit the British Skydiving website for more information herehttps://britishskydiving.org/insurance-travel/Please contact us prior to booking should you have any questions relating to our terms and conditions or Privacy StatementEmail: Book@ukparachuting.co.uk Tel: 01502 476131Version 1.2 dated 20/05/2020