https://ukskydiving.com/all-terms-and-conditions/
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR
ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
All our terms and conditions are set out below, please select the type of course to view our standard terms and conditions which will apply to each participant. If you plan on booking a Tandem Skydive please also read Tandem Jump Times & Orders.
Tandem Skydiving TermsResidential Course Terms
In addition to these our standard “Booking Conditions” and “Voucher Conditions” also apply and are as follows…
Booking TermsVoucher Terms
ALSO CHECK OUT
THE  EXPERIENCE
PRICES
VOUCHERS
LAST MINUTE OFFERS
£20 OFF CHARITY JUMPS
AIR TO AIR FILMING
FAQ'S
OK lET'S DO THIS!
BOOK YOUR SKYDIVE
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please select your preference. Cookie settingsRejectACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.