https://ukskydiving.com/residential-skydiving-terms-and-conditions/
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR
Residential skydiving
Tandem Skydiving TermsResidential Course TermsBooking TermsVoucher Terms
All bookings with North London Skydiving Centre are subject to these terms and conditions. By making a booking you will be bound by the terms and conditions below. If you are unable or unwilling to agree to these terms and conditions then do not make a booking.
THIS CONTRACT IS BETWEEN NORTH LONDON SKYDIVING CENTRE LTD, BLOCK FEN DROVE, WIMBLINGTON, MARCH, PE15 0FB (HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS “NLSC”) AND:
>>>>>>>>>> (Participant details) <<<<<<<<<< (HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AS “I”)
1. I declare that I wish to attend the Residential Course offered by NLSC.
2. I acknowledge and accept that it is a condition of attending the Residential Course offered by NLSC that ;-
a) I agree to stay on site at Chatteris Airfield on a continuous basis for as many days as it takes NLSC to complete my jump for me (save as mentioned at clause 3 below).
b) I agree to stay on site at Chatteris Airfield for the full period of NLSC’s operation (i.e. from 7.30 am on Wednesdays, Weekends and bank holidays, or 8.30am at other times, to the earlier of 8pm or dark), unless otherwise advised by NLSC, and be fit and ready to jump at all times.
c) I agree to get up early each morning, throughout the duration of the course, to ensure I am at the front of the jump queue each day and so on the first flight of each day.
3). I acknowledge and accept that if NLSC has been unable to complete my jump for me within 3 continuous operational days from the course commencement date I will be entitled to cancel my jump and receive a full refund of my fee, but I also accept that if I fail to abide by any of the conditions referred to above at clause 2 above I will be obstructing NLSC in their endeavours to complete my jump for me and as such will forfeit my jump altogether and any fees I have paid for my jump will be lost.
4). I acknowledge that NLSC does not provide accommodation as part of my fee but that I am welcome to camp on the airfield free of charge for the duration of the course.
5). I understand and accept these terms and conditions and understand that they cannot be changed.
6). I accept this agreement is governed by the law of England and any dispute relating to it will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
ALSO CHECK OUT
THE  EXPERIENCE
PRICES
VOUCHERS
LAST MINUTE OFFERS
£20 OFF CHARITY JUMPS
AIR TO AIR FILMING
FAQ'S
OK lET'S DO THIS!
BOOK YOUR SKYDIVE
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please select your preference. Cookie settingsRejectACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.