https://ukskydiving.com/booking-terms-and-conditions/
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR
Bookings
Tandem Skydiving TermsResidential Course TermsBooking TermsVoucher Terms
The payments made here are to reserve places on specific dates and cannot be re-assigned to other dates unless first agreed with the parachute centre – which will require a minimum of six weeks notice depending on the group size.
Cancellations can be made up to 14 days prior to the date requested on this page but will be subject to a £50 administration fee for each place cancelled. Cancellations made 13 days or less prior to the date requested on this page will be subject to the full fee. This may also alter the final charges due from the remaining group members if the group size that attends on the day then falls into a different price band. Participants names however may be changed at any time without charge if required.
The parachute centre must receive full payment for each participant at least 13 days prior to the date requested on this page otherwise the parachute centre reserves the right to cancel the participants place (subject also to the £50 administration fee per place referred to above) and offer it to another party.
All bookings are also subject to our standard Terms and Conditions, which become incorporated at the point of booking, and each participant will be required to sign these before they will be permitted to jump. These can be viewed in advance here.
If you are making a booking on behalf of other people it is solely your responsibility to ensure they are fully aware and agree with these Booking Conditions and Terms and Conditions before you make their booking.
ALSO CHECK OUT
THE  EXPERIENCE
PRICES
VOUCHERS
LAST MINUTE OFFERS
£20 OFF CHARITY JUMPS
AIR TO AIR FILMING
FAQ'S
OK lET'S DO THIS!
BOOK YOUR SKYDIVE
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please select your preference. Cookie settingsRejectACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.