https://ulsa.org.uk/privacy-policy/
You are here: Home » Privacy Policy
Introduction
This is our websites privacy policy, it was created to comply with EU data protection laws which were amended in 2018.
We are the University of Leeds Speleological Association (ULSA), this new version of our website was created by Brendan Hall in 2017 our website address is https://ulsa.org.uk.
Disclaimer: we are not legal experts but have tried our best to ensure measures have been taken to protect your personal information and inform you about how it is used. If you have any concerns or questions about our privacy policy please get in touch with us by filling in our contact form.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
If you hold an account on this website we ask that you provide your phone number, email address and gear tape colours as this information is useful for other members of the club if they find your kit and/or need to get in touch with you.
The information you provide will only be shared with other approved members of ULSA. In order to create an account on the ULSA website, you must first agree to our privacy policy by checking a consent box. Your registration application will also need to be approved by the webmaster who will check that each application is legitimate adding an extra layer of security to the website.
When filling in the contact us form we ask you to provide your email address with this is so we can respond to your email.
Comments
Only members who have registered and logged into the website will be able to post comments.
Media
Media files can be hidden in the same way as rants when you make a post, the rants are securely hidden within the website and cannot be accessed by anyone who isn’t logged in.
Unfortunately one of the current limitations of the ULSA website is that is that image files attached to ‘ULSA eyes only’ rants are not also hidden by default, therefore you must take care to hide each individual media file if you want these to be securely hidden within the ulsa website. If you forget to hide individual images they won’t be displayed on the ulsa website, only accessible through a direct link. In addition, it may be possible for users to access metadata associated with your images such as location data or camera make.
Contact forms
Personal contact information provided to us via our contact us form is held for a period of time so we can respond to your queries, we do not use your email address for marketing purposes or provide your contact details to third parties.
Cookies
Suggested text: If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
The ULSA website uses Google Analytics to provide us with website traffic information so we are better informed of how to improve our website, the analytics software we use is powered by exact metrics their privacy policy can be found here: https://exactmetrics.com/privacy-policy/.
If you wish to opt out of being tracked by this software we recommend you use the duckduckgo web browser, alternatively you can install a plugin/addon to your current browser.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, post a rant or photo on the ulsa website, this data and associated metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
How we protect your data
Measures have been taken to protect your personal information, these include manual approval of new accounts my the standing webmaster. Our website contains security software which prevents access through brute force attacks or bad plugins.
Old ULSA websiteFeedbackPrivacy PolicyContact Us
Back to Top