https://ultramarineyacht.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Ultra Marine (“Ultra Marine“) operates www.ultramarineyacht.com and may operate other websites. It is Ultra Marine’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Ultra Marine collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Ultra Marine’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Ultra Marine visitors use its website. From time to time, Ultra Marine may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.Ultra Marine also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on www.ultramarineyacht.com/blog/. Ultra Marine only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Ultra Marine websites choose to interact with Ultra Marine in ways that require Ultra Marine to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Ultra Marine gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at www.ultramarineyacht.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Ultra Marine are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Ultra Marine collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Ultra Marine. Ultra Marine does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Aggregated StatisticsUltra Marine may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Ultra Marine may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Ultra Marine does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationUltra Marine discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Ultra Marine behalf or to provide services available at Ultra Marine websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Ultra Marine websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Ultra Marine will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Ultra Marine discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Ultra Marine believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Ultra Marine, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Ultra Marine website and have supplied your email address, Ultra Marine may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Ultra Marine and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Ultra Marine takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Ultra Marine uses cookies to help Ultra Marine identify and track visitors, their usage of Ultra Marine website, and their website access preferences. Ultra Marine visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Ultra Marine websites, with the drawback that certain features of Ultra Marine websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business TransfersIf Ultra Marine, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Ultra Marine goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Ultra Marine may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.AdsAds appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Ultra Marine and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Ultra Marine may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Ultra Marine sole discretion. Ultra Marine encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a www.ultramarineyacht.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
LOCATION
ADDRESS:
Ultra Marine Yacht Charters200 East 90th Street | Suite 25BNew York, NY 10128
Contact
phone:
212.423.9280
email:
charter(at)ultramarineyacht.com
INQUIRE
Instagram
Twitter
Facebook-f
© 2020 Ultra marine yacht charters.  All rights reserved.  Terms of use and Privacy Policy
A LIST OF LUXURY YACHTS FOR CHARTER, ELITE YACHTING
About Us
Alaska
Amalfi Coast & Capri
AVENUE MAGAZINE
Bahamas
Contact Us
Corsica & Sardinia
Cote D’Azur
Croatia & Montenegro
DEPARTURES 2003
DEPARTURES MAGAZINE, PRIVATE CHARTERS
Destinations
ELITE TRAVELER MAGZINE
ELITE YACHTS TO CHARTER, PRIVATE CHARTERS
EXCLUSIVE YACHTS TO CHARTER
FOUR SEASONS MAGAZINE – TRAVEL SAVVY, GLOBAL TRAVELLER
French Polynesia
Galapagos
Greece
Italian Riviera
Latest News
New England
Press Features
Privacy Policy
PRIVATE YACHT CHARTER COMPANY, ELITE CHARTER
Sicily and the Aeolians
St. Vincent & Grenadines
Terms of Use
The Leeward Islands
Turkey
Virgin Islands
Yacht Charter – How to Book
Yacht Charter Search
Yacht Charters
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok