https://usperformingarts.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://usperformingarts.com.
TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED ON SITE
Personal data is any data regarding you that could help someone to identify you. It is individual information pertaining to you, and it is not anonymous.
Anonymous data is any data where the identity has been removed from the statistical data, and could not help to identify an individual.
We collect several types of information from our site visitors in order to enhance on site visit experience. This personal data falls into these categories:
ANONYMOUS DATA such as statistical or demographic data for the purposes of monitoring site traffic. Anonymous (or aggregate) Data may be derived from your personal data, but is not considered personal data because you cannot be identified by the information.
CONTACT DATA includes billing, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
FINANCIAL DATA includes bank and payment information.
IDENTITY DATA includes first name, last name, and social media username (where applicable).
MARKETING DATA includes your preferences in receiving direct marketing from us. This includes your subscription to our email Newsletter.
PROFILE DATA includes your username and password, as well as information regarding purchases, orders or donations made by you on our site.
TECHNICAL DATA includes your internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone, location, browser extensions and version information, operating system and platform.
TRACKING DATA includes information we or others collect about you from cookies and similar tracking technologies. For example, we provide cookies so that your browser may store small pieces of our website in order to make your future site visits faster.
TRANSACTION DATA includes the payment information provided by you and your financial institution when you complete a purchase with us.
USAGE DATA includes information about how you use our website, products, and services.
We do not collect any information regarding your race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, religious or philosophical belief, personal lifestyle, criminal convictions or offenses, or any biometric data.
We also do not knowingly collect information from site visitors under the age of 13 without the parent or legal guardian’s permission.
HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA
We may collect two basic types of information about our site visitors: specific information you may provide directly as a result of interacting with our website, and general visit information collected indirectly by software including WordPress and related Plugins.
DIRECT (VISITOR PROVIDED DATA)
This specific information includes personal data you provide when you:
– Sign up to receive our email Newsletter
– Contact us directly via our Contact Form and request information be sent to you
– Order our products or services
– Contact us directly over the phone, via snail mail, email, or on our website
VIA SOFTWARE (INDIRECTLY)
We may automatically collect Technical Data about your browser, platform, and browsing pattern while you are on our website.
GENERAL DATA COLLECTION PRACTICE
We only collect the data necessary to enhance your site visit experience and complete any tasks you initiate on our site. For example, you may provide your email to us via a message on our contact form which allows us to communicate with you via email reply.
AD PARTNERS
Our site is ad free.
If you are interested in learning how to opt out of ad programs on other sites, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance (United States)
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (Canada)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EU)
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
– To complete an order and maintain a record of sales for our taxes
– For fraud investigation in compliance with the law
– When we need to comply with a law or regulation such as the GDPR
– To enhance your site experience
– To complete contractual obligations with you (like delivering our – Newsletter to you after you opt in via our Newsletter signup form)
COOKIES
Cookies are basic pieces of information stored in your browser that enhance your overall site experience. They make the site faster and help the site remember where to take you after you submit a form.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Our site cookies collect anonymous data, and are not personally identifiable.
Our website may also include cookies from third parties including links to social media. These cookies are controlled by these third parties.
You can disable cookies in your browser, but your website experience may be limited on our site as well as on other sites as cookies are necessary to perform certain functions.
HOW WE MAY SHARE PERSONAL DATA
We may share personal data with the following types of third parties:
– Technology service providers (i.e. webhost)
– As part of a business transfer of ownership. In the result of an acquisition or merger of our business by/with another entity, this Privacy Policy will remain in effect unless otherwise stated in an updated Privacy Policy for the web site.
– As required by law
We select third parties to work with who adhere to the laws and best practices of the Internet. Any information shared with these third parties is only to enhance our website and your website visit experience, not to directly enhance the private interests of these third parties. They may not use the information for any purpose other than our agreed upon website related purpose.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
If you make a purchase from our site or enter into a financial transaction with us, we must retain this information for 7 years for tax and legal record keeping purposes.
In some circumstances, you can ask us to delete your data. For example, when you unsubscribe from our Newsletter, you may then contact us and ask us to delete your subscriber information including email and name. Your anonymous aggregate data will remain, as it is not legally protected data.
In the case of desired data deletion, you must specifically contact us and be able to demonstrate reasonable need for deletion that does not conflict with any current law or regulation pertaining to the website and as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We may use and reuse any anonymous data we collect on our site in perpetuity for the purposes of continuing to improve our website for the enjoyment of our site visitors.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How we protect your data
We have strict security measures in place to protect your information. Your personal data is protected, and used only on a need-to-know basis as required to perform necessary site or other contractual based items. We believe that the less people with access to your information, the better, and have designed our data security practices with that philosophy as a guiding principle.
What data breach procedures we have in place
We have systems in place to notify us immediately of any suspected or confirmed web breach where your personal data may have been exposed. We will notify you via email in the event that we are legally required to do so.
HOW TO CONTACT US ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or would like to exercise any of your rights, please email us at info@usperformingarts.com.
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES
We will continue to update this Privacy Policy as the web and its laws and regulations continue to evolve. We will notify you via Newsletter of any changes to this Privacy Policy, so please be sure to subscribe for the most up to date information.
Search for:
Join Our Newsletter Sign up to receive updates from US Performing Arts via email.
Subscribe
Recent Posts
“But it’s my backup school!”
STEM. Or, the Day They Misspelled STEAM!
ALLEGIANCE – This Is What Art Can Do For Mankind!
The Show Must Go On…No Matter What
Outreach Events and Promotions
Categories
Broadway
College
Film
General
Musical Theater
NYC
Puppetry
Shows
Theater
Uncategorized
US Performing Arts