https://ventbird.com/privacy-policy
Toll Free: 800.328.8368
Phone: 512.328.5221
NEWS - COVID-19About VENTThe Nature of our BusinessOur TeamFeatured LeaderTestimonialsToursAll ToursNew ToursSpecial OffersCruisesLatest NewsBreaking News/TwitterVENT WebinarsLeader Messages & MemoriesTraveler ExperiencesField ReportsNews BriefsVENTFLASHGalleriesPhotosVideosConservationHELPChoosing a TourTour TypesGuaranteed DeparturesRegister For A TourPreparation & InsurancePayment, Cancellations & RefundsResponsibilityNew Customer Referral ProgramFrequently Asked QuestionsRequest InformationContact UsContact & DirectionsRequest Information
Home
>
Privacy Policy
This PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY (this "Privacy Policy") outlines the type of
information we collect, why we collect it, and how we use it. By accessing or
using the Victor Emanuel Nature Tours ("VENT") website (www.ventbird.com)
(together with its pages and features, the "Site"), you agree to the
collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy
Policy.
Topics:
"Personal Data" Explained
Our Data Protection and Data Privacy Principles
Types of Personal Data We Collect
How Do We Use Your Personal Data
Retention of Personal Data
Sharing of Personal Data
Cookies
Social Plugins, Social Media Widgets, and Connecting via Social Networks
Analytics
Transactions
Security
Other Websites
Children Under the Age of 14
Online Tracking
Mergers, Acquisitions, and Other Business Transactions
California Privacy Rights
Nevada Privacy Rights
Canadian Privacy Rights
Visiting the Website from Outside the United States of America
Disclaimer of HIPAA Applicability
Contact Us
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
1. "Personal Data" Explained
As used in this policy, "Personal Data" means information
that would allow someone to specifically identify you or contact you
physically or online (e.g., your name, physical address telephone number,
email address, social security number, credit card information); and the term
"Non-Personal Data" means any information other than
personal information that we may collect from you. As described in more
detail in section 3 below, the term "Personal Data" as used in this Privacy
Policy includes Device Information (defined below) and Order Information
(defined below).
2. Our Data Protection and Data Privacy Principles
We have implemented security features that are designed to prevent loss,
misuse, alteration, or unauthorized release of, or access to, Personal Data
provided to us. We have designed the Site to limit the collection and
processing of Personal Data.
The confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from
us on, through, or in relation to the Site (including any instant messaging
feature made available or through the Site) or by e-mail or other electronic
communication cannot be guaranteed. We are not responsible for the security
of information transmitted via the Internet. If you do not want to
communicate with us via the Internet, you may contact us by mail at the
mailing address set forth in the "Contact" section below (see section 21
below).
3. Types of Personal Data We Collect and How We Use that
Data
When you visit the Site, we might automatically collect certain information
about you or your device, including, for example, information about your web
browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on
your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we might collect
information about the individual web pages, products, services, or content
that you access, view, or listen to, what websites or search terms referred
you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We
refer to this automatically-collected information as
"Device Information".
As described in more detail in section 7 below, we might collect Device
Information using the following technologies:
"Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and
often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about
cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org
"Log files" track actions occurring on a website, and collect data
including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider,
referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
"Web beacons", "tags", and
"pixels" are electronic files or pieces of code used to record information
about how you browse a website.
Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase on,
through, or in relation to the Site, we collect certain information from you,
including, for example, your name, billing address, shipping address, payment
information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number.
We refer to this information as "Order Information".
Again, when we talk about "Personal Data" in this Privacy Policy, we are also
talking about Device Information and Order Information.
We use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of the
Personal Data that you provide to us.
4. How Do We Use Your Personal Data
We might use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any
orders placed on, through, or in relation to the Site (including, for
example, processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and
providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we
might use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you
with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We might use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for
potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally
to improve and optimize the Site (for example, by generating analytics about
how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the
success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
We might also use the Personal Data in other ways. Examples of those uses
might include, for example:
Operate, administer, maintain, and improve the Site and its content,
features, products and services;
Facilitate your movement through the Site;
Facilitate and maintain your access and use of the Site and its content,
features, products and services;
Facilitate and maintain your accounts and profiles with us, our affiliates
and/or our third-party travel partners;
Help place, fulfill, process, and track your purchases, orders, and
requests;
Help provide customer service;
Send you communications like, for example, administrative e-mails,
information and updates regarding any of your orders, answers to your
questions, and updates about the Site;
Provide you with information about us, our affiliates, our travel partners
and their respective businesses, products, and services;
Provide you with information about third-party businesses, products, and
services;
Provide you with customized content and services, including advertising
and promotional information (e.g., targeted ads, retargeted ads),
recommendations for content you might like, and cross-app or cross-site
functionality across multiple third-party websites;
Conduct research and measurement activities for purposes of market
research, product and service development, advertising claim
substantiation, and similar activities by us or our affiliates;
Improve our products, services, marketing, and promotional efforts as well
as those of our affiliates and/or third-party travel partners;
Create new products, services, marketing, and promotions for us, our
affiliates and/or our third-party travel partners;
Provide information to health care providers as needed in the event that
medical issues should arise in connection with a tour;
Marketing our affiliates' businesses, products, and services as well as
those of our affiliates and/or third-party travel partners;
Administer our contests, tournaments, promotions, surveys, or similar
activities as well as those of our affiliates and/or third-party travel
partners;
Help personalize user experiences with the Site and its content, features,
products, and services;
Analyze traffic, user behavior, and user activity to, on, and through the
Site;
Monitor the activities of you and others on or through the Site;
Create consumer profiles, which may combine your personal or non-personal
information from the Site with your personal and non-personal information
from another source or service;
Protect or enforce the rights and properties of us, our affiliates and/or
our third-party travel partners; and/or
Protect or enforce the rights and properties of others (which may include
you), assuming that we believe that we have an obligation to do so.
In addition to all of the foregoing, we reserve the right, for us and for
those who we might share your personal and/or non-personal information with
(including our affiliates and/or third-party travel partners), to use your
personal and non-personal information when:
Required by applicable law, court order or other governmental authority
(including, without limitation and by way of example only, in response to
a subpoena or other legal process; and/or
The user believes in good faith that such use is otherwise necessary or
advisable (including, without limitation and by way of example only, to
investigate, prevent, or take legal action against someone who may be
causing injury to, interfering with, or threatening the rights,
obligations, or properties of us, our affiliates, a user of the Site
[which may include you], or anyone else who may be harmed by such
activities, or to further the user's legitimate business interests).
5. Retention of Personal Data
We may retain your personal information and non-personal information for as
long as it is reasonably needed for a business purpose, as described above.
We may also dispose of or delete any such personal information or
non-personal information at any time, except as set forth in any other
agreement or document executed by both you and us concerning the same or as
required by law.
6. Sharing of Personal Data
We may share your Personal Data with our employees, agents, administrators,
accountants, financial advisors, and legal advisors for use in connection
with the work they may perform on our behalf.
We may share your Personal Data in the manner set forth in the potential
examples listed in Section 4, above.
We also reserve the right to share your Personal Data with our affiliates,
business partners, third-party travel partners or other third party service
providers: (a) acting on our behalf or with our permission to provide you
with our content, products, or services; (b) acting on our behalf or with our
permission to fulfill your requests; (c) acting on our behalf or with our
permission to send you marketing and event materials, newsletters, surveys,
polls, e-mails, instant messages, or other communications; (d) supporting our
operations through software, system, and platform assistance, cloud hosting,
data analytics, payment processing, or the like; and/or (e) acting on our
behalf or with our permission to provide, manage, administer, maintain,
improve, monitor, distribute, operate, or facilitate the Site or the content,
products, and services offered or made available on, through, or in relation
to the Site. For example, we work with a number of third-party travel
partners in connection with the tours that we provide including, without
limitation, ground operators, hotels and lodges, transportation providers
(e.g., bus companies, airlines, cruise lines and smaller water craft
operators, and railways), governmental agencies, private land owners, and
local guides. We may also utilize third party providers to accept payments
for the products and services you purchase from the Site.
We may share aggregate date on website users' home servers with third
parties, such as marketing and data analytics firms.
We may also use your Personal Data to provide you with targeted
advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to
you.
For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the
Network Advertising Initiative's educational page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt-out of certain targeted advertising by using the links below:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Bing:
https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
In certain cases, we are required to disclose Personal Data to investigate,
prevent, or take action concerning: (1) legal requests; (2) the enforcement
of our Terms of Use or Cancellation & Refund Policy; (3) the protection of
our rights, property, or personal safety or the rights, property, or personal
safety of our users and the public; (4) our exercise of legal rights; and (5)
any other disclosure required by law.
7. Cookies
A "cookie" is a small text file that is stored on computers, tablets, mobile
phones, and any device used to browse the Internet, capable of storing
navigation information for statistical or functional purposes. Some cookies
may be used to recognize the user viewing a particular website, make
navigation easier, and customize the content. For example, cookies allow us
to remember your actions and preferences so that you do not have to re-enter
information each time you visit or use the Site or navigate to another page.
Cookies also allow us to keep track of items you add to your shopping cart.
There are several types of cookies, including, for example, browser cookies,
session cookies, and persistent cookies.
While browsing on the Site, we may collect information about traffic flow and
visits to the pages of our domain. This information, obtained through
cookies, will be treated in a secure manner.
You can set your browser to accept or reject the setting of all or certain
cookies, or to request to be notified when a cookie is set. Each browser has
specific configuration instructions. However, please be aware that the
blocking of cookies may have the effect that you will not be able to use all
of the Site's functions.
8. Social Plugins, Social Media Widgets, and Connecting via
Social Networks
The Site may include different types of "social plugins" and social media
widgets.
These features may collect your IP address and information on which pages you
are visiting on the Site, and they may set a cookie to enable the feature to
function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a
third party or hosted directly on the Site. Your interactions with these
features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
The Site may include social media widgets from Facebook, Instagram, YouTube,
Twitter and LinkedIn that use cookies to track users and advertise to them
when they visit those platforms.
If you do not want to be tracked by social media widgets, log out of all
social networks to which you are logged in to before visiting the Site.
If you choose to log in to the Site using a social networking service, we may
receive and store authentication information from that service to allow you
to enable your log in and other information you may choose to share when you
connect with those services.
9. Analytics
Google Analytics (Functional Cookies). We use Google Analytics, a
web analysis service of Google, to improve the user experience. Google
Analytics helps us determine the number of visitors to the Site and helps us
understand how users find the Site. Google Analytics may record your
geographical location, device, internet browser, operating system, and IP
address. We are not provided with information allowing us to link an
individual to an IP address. More information about Google Analytics can be
found at https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/.
Google AdWords (Advertising Cookies). We may use Google AdWords
Conversion tracking cookies to measure and optimize the performance and user
experience related to our ads in Google Search or selected Google Display
Network websites. More information about Google's Privacy Policy can be found
at https://policies.google.com/.
We may use other web analytics services in the future to help us improve the
user experience.
10. Transactions.
In connection with setting up your account and/or any transaction that you
conduct through the Site, you may be asked to supply certain information
relevant to the transaction, including, without limitation, your credit card
number and expiration date, your billing address, your shipping address, your
phone number and/or your email address. By submitting such information, you
grant us without charge the irrevocable, unencumbered, universe-wide and
perpetual right to provide such information to third parties (e.g., payment
processing companies) for the purpose of facilitating the transaction.
All credit card, debit card and other monetary transactions on or through the
Site occur through an online payment processing application(s) accessible
through the Site. This online payment processing application(s) is provided
by our third-party online payment processing vendor. Our relationship with
our third-party online payment processing vendor, if any, is merely
contractual in nature, as that entity is nothing more than a third-party
vendor to us, and is in no way subject to our direction or control; thus,
their relationship is not, and should not be construed as, one of
fiduciaries, franchisors-franchisees, agents-principals, employers-employees,
partners, joint venturers, or the like.
11. Security
We implement security measures to help protect the Personal Data collected
through the Site. For example, we encrypt the transmission of information
through the Site by using secure socket layer (SSL) technology. In addition,
we also implement commercially reasonable security measures to protect your
Personal Data, including: physical measures (e.g., locked filing cabinets and
restricted access to offices); organizational measures (e.g., security
clearances and limiting access on a "need-to-know" basis;" and technology
measures (e.g., the use of passwords and encryption).
Regardless of the foregoing, please observe that "perfect" or "100%" security
does not exist on the Internet. Therefore, your access and use of the Site,
and your opening of any communications sent through or as a function of the
Site, are done at your own risk.
12. Other Websites
This Privacy Policy only applies to the Site and any websites of our
affiliates which may link to this Privacy Policy. The Site may contain links
to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the
privacy practices of those websites. When visiting other websites, you should
read those websites' privacy policies.
13. Children Under the Age of 14
The Site is not intended for children. No one under age 14 may provide any
Personal Data on the Site. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from
children under 14. If you are under 14, do not use or provide any information
on the Site. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Data from a
child under 14, we will use reasonable efforts to refrain from further using
such Personal Data or maintaining it in retrievable form. If you believe we
might have information from or about a child under 14, please contact us at
info@ventbird.com.
Furthermore, if you are under eighteen (18) years of age, then you (or your
parent or legal guardian) may at any time request that we remove content or
information about you that is posted on the Site. Please submit any such
request ("Request for Removal of Minor Information") to info@ventbird.com,
with a subject line of "Removal of Minor Information". For each Request for
Removal of Minor Information, please state "Removal of Minor Information" in
the e-mail or letter subject line, and clearly state the following in the
body:
the nature of your request;
the identity of the content or information to be removed;
whether such content or information is found on the Site;
the location on content or information on the Site (e.g., providing the
URL for the specific web page the content or information is found on);
that the request is related to the "Removal of Minor Information";
your name, street address, city, state, zip code, and e-mail address; and
whether you prefer to receive a response to your request by mail or
e-mail.
We are not responsible for failing to comply with any Request for Removal of
Minor Information that is incomplete, incorrectly labeled, or incorrectly
sent.
Please note that the aforementioned removal does not ensure complete or
comprehensive removal of such content or information posted on the Site.
Also, please note that we are not required to erase or otherwise eliminate,
or to enable erasure or elimination of, such content or information in
certain circumstances, such as, for example, when an international, federal,
state, or local law, rule, or regulation requires us to maintain the content
or information; when the content or information is stored on or posted to the
Site by a third party other than you (including any content or information
posted by you that was stored, republished, or reposted by the third party);
when we anonymize the content or information, so that you cannot be
individually identified; when you do not follow the aforementioned
instructions for requesting the removal of the content or information; and
when you have received compensation or other consideration for providing the
content or information.
The foregoing is a description of our voluntary practices concerning the
collection of personal information through the Site from certain minors, and
is not intended to be an admission that we are subject to the Children's
Online Privacy Protection Act, the Federal Trade Commission's Children's
Online Privacy Protection Rule(s), or any similar international, federal,
state, or local laws, rules, or regulations
14. Online Tracking
We do not respond to "do not track" (DNT) signals.
15. Mergers, Acquisitions, and Other Business Transactions
We may decide to sell, buy, merge, or otherwise reorganize our business. If
that occurs, you will be notified via email or a prominent notice on the Site
of any ownership change and any changes in the use of your Personal Data.
These types of transactions may involve the disclosure of Personal Data to
prospective or actual purchasers, or receiving it from sellers. We seek
appropriate protection for Personal Data in these types of transactions.
16. California Privacy Rights
Please note that VENT is not subject to regulation under the California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"). Therefore, even if you are a
California resident and we may have personal information about you that is
the type of the information subject to the CCPA, the CCPA is not applicable
to Alita Health. The CCPA is inapplicable to our relationship with you.
However, if you are a resident of the State of California and we have an
established business relationship with you, then, pursuant to Section 1798.83
of the California Civil Code, you have the right to request the following at
any time: (a) information from us free of charge regarding the manner in
which we share certain personal information collected through the Site with
third parties who use such information for direct marketing purposes; and (b)
the discontinuation (or opt-out) of our sharing of such information with such
third parties. Please submit any such request ("California Privacy Rights Request") to any one of the following:
By mail: VENT, 2525 Wallingwood Drive, Suite 1003, Austin, Texas, 78746, with
a subject line of "Your California Privacy Rights".
By email: info@ventbird.com, with a subject line of "Your California Privacy
Rights".
For each California Privacy Rights Request, please state "Your California
Privacy Rights" in the email or letter subject line, and clearly state the
following in the body:
the nature of your request;
that the request is related to "Your California Privacy Rights;"
your name, street address, city, state, zip code and email address; and
whether you prefer to receive a response to your request by mail or email.
If you send a California Privacy Rights Request by mail, then please do so by
U.S. Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested to allow for confirmation of
mailing, delivery and tracking. We will not accept a California Privacy
Rights Request via telephone or fax; and are not responsible for a California
Privacy Rights Request that is incomplete, incorrectly labeled or incorrectly
sent.
You are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of your personal
information, and for keeping your Personal Data current and correct.
Finally, as explained further above, we do not authorize third parties to
collect your personal information when you use the Site, except as expressly
stated in this Privacy Policy. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we are
not responsible for, and you hereby release us from, any and all liability
which may arise from, such third parties' unauthorized collection of your
personal information.
17. Nevada Privacy Rights.
For Nevada Residents Only: Effective October 1, 2019, Nevada law gives
consumers in Nevada the right to restrict certain businesses from selling
certain Personal Information to third parties if those third parties will
license or sell such personal information to additional third parties. Please
submit any such request ("Nevada Privacy Rights Request") to
any one of the following:
By mail: VENT, 2525 Wallingwood Drive, Suite 1003, Austin, Texas, 78746, with
a subject line of "Your Nevada Privacy Rights".
By email: info@ventbird.com, with a subject line of "Your Nevada Privacy
Rights".
18. Canada Privacy Rights
If you are a Canadian Citizen and we have an established business
relationship with you, then, pursuant to Principle 9 of the Model Code for
the Protection of Personal Information, you have the right to request the
existence, use and disclosure of your Personal Data and be given access to
that information. You are further able to challenge the accuracy and
completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate.
Specifically, you are entitled to obtain free of charge, information from us
regarding whether or not we have any of your Personal Data, an account of the
use that has been made of that information, and an account of the third
parties to which it has been disclosed. Please submit any such request
("Canada Privacy Rights Request") to any one of the
following:
By mail: VENT, 2525 Wallingwood Drive, Suite 1003, Austin, Texas, 78746, with
a subject line of "Your Canada Privacy Rights".
By email: info@ventbird.com, with a subject line of "Your Canada Privacy
Rights – Attn. Canada Privacy Agent".
For each Canada Privacy Rights Request, please state "Your Canada Privacy
Rights" in the email or letter subject line, and clearly state the following
in the body:
the nature of your request;
that the request is related to "Your Canada Privacy Rights;"
your name, street address, city, state, zip code and email address; and
whether you prefer to receive a response to your request by mail or email.
If you send a Canada Privacy Rights Request by mail, then please do so by
U.S. Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested to allow for confirmation of
mailing, delivery and tracking. We will not accept a Canada Rights Request
via telephone or fax; and are not responsible for a Canada Privacy Rights
Request that is incomplete, incorrectly labeled or incorrectly sent.
Finally, as explained further above, we do not authorize third parties to
collect your personal information when you use the Site, except as expressly
stated in this Privacy Policy. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we are
not responsible for, and you hereby release us from, any and all liability
which may arise from, such third parties' unauthorized collection of your
personal information.
19. Visiting the Website from Outside the United States of
America
If you are accessing the Site from outside of the United States of America or
otherwise contacting or visiting us from outside of the United States of
America and Canada, please be aware that your Personal Data may be
transferred to, stored or processed in the United States of America, where
our servers are located and our database is operated. The data protection and
other laws of the United States of America and other countries might not be
as comprehensive as those in the country from which you are accessing the
Site. By providing your Personal Data, you understand that it may be
transferred to our facilities and to those third parties with whom we share
it as described in this Privacy Policy.
20. DISCLAIMER OF HIPAA APPLICABILITY.
VENT is not a "covered entity" as defined in the federal medical record
privacy statute known as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996, as amended, and the regulations issued under that law ("HIPAA").
Additionally, with respect to the Personal Information we will obtain about
you, we are not a "business associate" under HIPAA. Therefore, even though
your personal information contains medical information that is the type of
information commonly protected under HIPAA, it is not subject to any of the
protections available to you under HIPAA. HIPAA is inapplicable to our
relationship with you.
21. Contact Us
Should you have any further questions or suggestions regarding the protection
of your Personal Data processed in connection with the use of the Site or any
concerns about this Privacy and Cookie Policy, please contact us at info@ventbird.com.
22. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set forth at the end of this
document. We may regularly review and revise our Privacy Policy as we deem
appropriate. We will make changes to the Privacy Policy available on this
Site and note that this Privacy Policy has been updated, in which case the
updated version of this Privacy Policy is effective immediately after it appears on
this Site.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 29, 2020.
Explore
COVID-19
About VENT
Our Team
Tours
Cruises
Latest News
VENTFLASH
Galleries
Conservation
Order Tour Catalogs
Help
Choosing a Tour
Tour Types
Guaranteed Departures
Register For A Tour
Preparation & Insurance
Payment, Cancellations & Refunds
Responsibility
New Customer Referral Program
Frequently Asked Questions
Request
Information
Contact Us
Victor Emanuel Nature Tours
2525 Wallingwood Drive
Suite 1003
Austin, TX 78746
Toll Free: 800.328.8368
Phone: 512.328.5221
FAX: 512.328.2919
Email: info@ventbird.com
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Follow us on
© 2020 Victor Emanuel Nature Tours. All rights reserved.