http://venturischulze.com/privacy
Cart
0
Sign In
My Account
Store
Origins
Vineyard & Winery
News & Events
Visit
Recipes
Back
Venturi Schulze
Beyond Organic
Privacy INFORMATIONAt Venturi Schulze Vineyards, we take your privacy seriously. We employ reasonable security measures to protect the personal information we receive from you. While we strive to create a secure and reliable site for our users, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted over the Internet cannot be 100% guaranteed. Internet users should keep in mind that any information submitted through an Internet transaction is potentially accessible to the public, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without their consent.When you visit www.venturischulze.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically, thereby consenting to receive communications from us electronically.Like all website owners, Venturi Schulze Vineyards receives and records information from your browser in our website server logs, including your IP address and the page you requested. Aside from standard tracking, the only other personal information our site collects about you is data you knowingly provide in one of our on-line forms, such as your name and email address.We do not collect or store credit card information for any online sales. All payments are handled through a professional third party provider such as Stripe or, if you prefer. PayPal. Both these companies maintain strict PCI compliance and security measures to protect your sensitive personal and payment information. As long as you have a secure connection to their legitimate sites, any information you exchange is hidden from prying eyes.
Venturi Schulze Vineyards is the sole owner of any information collected on this site. This information is used solely for our own internal purposes. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. We will not sell, share, or rent your information to others, nor will we release any personal information to another person or company. In placing an online order, shipping details will be used for the sole purpose of fulfilling your order through the shipping method of your choice.