https://vibrewing.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Protecting the privacy and confidentiality of personal information is a fundamental principle in our business relationships. We want you to know that Vancouver Island Brewing adheres to privacy legislation that governs what information may be collected, how it is used and how it is protected. This Privacy Statement explains our privacy policies and information handling practices.
PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY MEANS
:
We keep your personal information and the business you do with us in strict confidence.
We do not sell your personal information
You have control over how we obtain, use, and give out personal information about you
You have reasonable access to the personal information we have about you.
We respect your privacy when we market our services.
WHY WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We collect information in order to represent you for employment opportunities with our clients, to carry out surveys, to administer our web site, and to provide information about our services. We understand that some of this information is personal. We collect, use and disclose personal information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances. The information we will collect from you includes, but is not limited to:
Your personal profile via your resume and information supplied by you
.
Your employment preferences, such as work location, salary, and other personal factors important to you.
You can visit our web site without sharing any personal information. While visiting our site, you may choose to provide information in the form of a resume.
WHAT WE DO WITH PERSONAL INFORMATION
:
When you provide personal information to us in the form of a resume or references, the information will be stored in our secure database. We may use your personal information to:
Match your profile against our client’s requirements
, Contact you regarding profile matches,
Contact and obtain information about you from references supplied by you
, Provide your information to clients
, Carry out surveys,
Improve our site and, where applicable, the services we offer
. We may send you information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners from time to time. If you have concerns about receiving occasional communication from us, please contact us.
YOUR INFORMATION IS OBTAINED AND USED ONLY WITH YOUR CONSENT
:
We want to assure you that any personal information you provide to Vancouver Island Brewing will remain completely confidential until you request otherwise, unless required by law. We do not sell or provide candidate or client information to third parties. We will always obtain your authorization to contact references and we will always contact you via email or telephone before we submit your profile to a client.
YOUR CONSENT CAN BE EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
:
Express consent can be verbal or written. You imply consent when we reasonably conclude that you have given consent by some action you have taken, or when you decide not to take action. For example, by providing your contact information, profile or other personal information to through our web site, you are granting your consent to allow Vancouver Island Brewing to use your profile information for internal announcements and events upcoming.
YOU CAN WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT AFTER YOU’VE GIVEN IT
:
While we would like your consent to continue to collect and use your information as outlined above, we want you to know that you do have choices. In addition, you can request to have your information removed from our database, or opt out of receiving optional future mailings at any time by contacting us.
WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION FROM ERROR, LOSS, AND UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS
:
Our employees who have access to your information are made aware of how to keep it confidential. Each employee is governed by policies regarding information handling. Only employees who require access to your information in the course of their duties will have access to your information.
We respect the confidential information that we receive from others and therefore will not release any personal information provided to us by third parties without their explicit authorization.
YOU CAN SEE AND VERIFY THE ACCURACY OF YOUR INFORMATION
:
You can update your personal information at any time by contacting us.
If you would like access to the personal information we have on file for you, we will ask you to put your request in writing. You will be given reasonable access to your personal information to verify or correct information. Every effort will be made to respond to your inquiry within 30 days. There may be circumstances where Vancouver Island Brewing will not provide you with access or may require additional time to meet your request, in which case you will be informed.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
:
Our site may contain links to other sites that we think you might be interested in. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other sites.
COOKIES
:
Our site uses cookies to keep track of user sessions. Cookies improve functionality and in some cases, provide visitors with a customized online experience.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
:
Vancouver Island Brewing reserves the right to modify or supplement our privacy statement at any time. If we make any changes, we will update this site to include such changes and post a notice on our home page for a period of 30 days, with a link to the updated privacy statement. If you return to this site after a period of more than 30 days, please check this privacy statement to confirm you are familiar with the most recent update. Your continued use of the site will constitute your consent to the changes, including use of personal information previously provided, as if they were the initial terms. However, we will seek your consent if we want to use your personal information for purposes other than those agreed to previously.
@VIBREWING
ON INSTAGRAM
#VANISLANDBEER
You asked and we’re ready to deliver. Our brew c
Local deliveries are back! We're here to make it e
Our new Dominion Dark Lager and whale socks make f
ShopCompanyBeersTap RoomCareersContactBeer Finder