http://vicksburg-scouting.org/privacy.html
BSA Unit 251 (Troop & Pack 251) Web Privacy Policy
Welcome to www.vicksburg-scouting.org!
This site is owned by both the Troop and Pack 251 of Vicksburg, Michigan. This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of information that you may provide via this site. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using, or submitting information, to this site. This site is intended for use by residents of the United States.
Your Consent
By using this site, you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information via this site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
About Children
This site is intended for children of all ages. However, we will not knowingly collect information from site visitors in this age group under the age of 13. Because of the broad-based appeal of our web site, we encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose to web sites.
Active Information Collection
Like many web sites, this site actively collects information from its visitors both by asking you specific questions and by permitting you to communicate directly with us via e-mail, feedback forms, or opinion polls. Some of the information that you submit may be personally identifiable information (that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your full name, address, e-mail address, phone number, and so on).
Some areas of this site may require you to submit information in order for you to benefit from the specified features (such as newsletter subscriptions) or to participate in a particular activity (such as a class/program registration). You will be informed at each information collection point what information is required and what information is optional.
Passive Information Collection
As you navigate through a web site, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol addresses, cookies, Internet tags, and navigational data collection.
We use Internet Protocol (IP) addresses on this site. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you can access the Internet and is generally considered to be non-personally identifiable information, because in most cases an IP address is dynamic (changing each time you connect to the Internet), rather than static (unique to a particular user's computer). We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our server, report aggregate information, determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to our site, and administer and improve the site.
"Session" cookies are temporary bits of information that are erased once you exit your web browser window or otherwise turn your computer off.
Session cookies are used to improve navigation on web sites and to collect aggregate statistical information.
This site does not use session cookies.
"Persistent" cookies are more permanent
bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your
computer and stay there unless you delete the cookie. Persistent
cookies store information on your computer for a number of
purposes, such as retrieving certain information you have
previously provided (e.g., opinion poll votes), helping to determine what
areas of the Web site visitors find most valuable, and customizing
the Web site based on your preferences. This site does not use persistent cookies.
"Internet tags" (also known as single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs, and 1-by-1 GIFs) are smaller than cookies and tell the web site server information such as the IP address and browser type related to the visitor's computer. We do not use Internet tags on this site.
"Navigational data" ("log files," "server logs," and "clickstream" data) are used for system management, to improve the content of the site, market research purposes, and to communicate information to visitors. This site uses navigational data.
Use and Disclosure of Information
Except as otherwise stated, we may use your information to improve the content of our site, to customize the site to your preferences, to communicate information to you (if you have requested it), and for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.
If you provide personally identifiable information to this site, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection. We will take reasonable measures to prevent personally identifiable information from being combined with passively collected information, unless you consent otherwise.
We will disclose your personally identifiable information when and only when it is necessary.
Conditions that may warrant disclosure:
(i) to contractors we use to support our business (e.g., fulfillment
services, technical support, team coaches, teachers, counselors, etc.), in which case we will require such parties to agree to treat the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
(ii) where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations.
In addition, we will make full use of all information acquired through this site that is not in personally identifiable form.
Access and Correction
To keep your personally identifiable information accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct personally identifiable information in our possession that you have previously submitted via this site.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect your personally identifiable information as you transmit your information from your computer to our site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Moreover, where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this site, it is your responsibility to safeguard them.
Links to Other web Sites
This site may contain links or references to other web sites. Please be aware that we do not control other web sites and that, in any case, this Privacy Policy does not apply to those web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every web site you visit.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this site, please contact the Troop/Pack webmaster at this address: webmaster(at)vicksburg-scouting(dot)org
Changes to This Privacy Policy
If this Privacy Policy changes, the revised policy will be posted on this site. Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 02/02/2015.