https://victoryjunction.org/privacy-policy/
About
Camp
Ways to Give
Get Involved
Donate
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Victory Junction is committed to protecting the privacy of our campers, donors, volunteers and guests. As a matter of policy, we will never sell, trade, share or rent your personal information with anyone else nor will we send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. We will only share personal information once you have given Victory Junction specific permission to do so.
Policy on Information Collection
We do not collect personal information such as names and email addresses unless you knowingly provide that information. We collect personal information for web transactions, newsletters, emails, tours and general inquiries. We only use this information for the intended services. For some services, we may request information about background, occupation, demographics, and interests.
We may collect information about computer hardware and software such as IP addresses, browser types, domain names, access times, and the referring websites that visitors use to access web pages. We use this information to maintain the quality of the service and to collect general statistics.
Policy on Information Disclosure
We collect personal information to deliver the services you request and to understand our audience so that we can better meet its needs. Non-personal information collected by us is shared with companies we partner with for applications used for site functionality or to inform how our site is used. Victory Junction uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to optimize and inform this website for our visitors.
We may save personal information to comply with federal and state policies, but we do not disclose this information to third parties or government agencies unless state or federal law requires us to do so or exigent circumstances require us to protect the safety of our users or the public.
Email Subscriptions
Victory Junction may allow you to subscribe to content via printed material or email. If you no longer wish to receive these materials you may contact us by phone, email or write to unsubscribe, 4500 Adams Way, Randleman, NC 27317.
Revisions to the Privacy Policy
Victory Junction may revise this privacy policy on occasion in response to changes in the law or other factors. If Victory Junction decides to change its privacy practices for this site, it will post those changes on this page.