http://vilafonte.com/terms/
our story
about us
the vineyard
the soil
the wine
people
founders
winemakers
sales and marketing
vineyard team
the wine
series c
series m
seriously old dirt by vilafonté
the vintage library
members
purchase
the current vintages
the gift shop
USA
contact
login
your cart
Terms & Conditions (eCommerce)Wine Club Membership
All communications will be done via e-mail.
Members receive 20% discount on cellar door pricing.  2020 pricing as follows:
Series C 2018 @ R1320 per bottle (cellar door is R1650 per bottle)
Series M 2017 @ R656 per bottle (cellar door is R820 per bottle)
Seriously Old Dirt @ R212 per bottle (cellar door is R265 per bottle)
Changes to any club shipment; including shipping address, payment details or actual wine, must be sent in writing via email one week prior to release.
Complimentary delivery within South Africa for order exceeding R2500 in value
If no correspondence is received from the Member, cancelling their allocation, return shipping fees will be paid by the member.
Wine will be sent after receipt of successful payment.
Any faulty or damaged wine will be replaced with the current vintage and shipped with our compliments.
Cancellation may be done in writing one week prior to my shipment. Failure to cancel your order prior to shipment may result in restocking fees.
General
Tresso Trading 750 PTY Ltd trading as Vilafonté is a business in the wine production and sales industry.
Delivery policy
Subject to availability and receipt of payment, requests will be processed within one working day and delivery confirmed by email with. (for e.g. booking number / booking voucher etc. and must mention the use of courier and/or postal services and associated costs, if applicable.)
The offering on this website is available to South African clients only.
Average delivery times:  3-5 working day.  Delays may occur.
Return and Refunds policy
The provision of goods and services by Tresso Trading 750 PTY Ltd trading as Vilafonté, is subject to availability.
In cases of unavailability, Vilafonté will refund the client in full within 30 days.
Cancellation of orders by the client will attract an administration fee.Damaged goods during transit will be replaced with the either similar or exact vintage (when available)
Customer Privacy policy
Tresso Trading 750 PTY Ltd trading as Vilafonté shall take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information of users. For the purpose of this clause, “personal information” shall be defined as detailed in the Promotion of Access to Information Act 2 of 2000 (PAIA). The PAIA may be downloaded here.
Payment may be made via Visa, MasterCard, EFT, Zapper and Snapscan.
Card acquiring and security
Card transactions will be acquired for Tresso Trading 750 PTY Ltd trading as Vilafonté via PayGate (Pty) Ltd who are the approved payment gateway for all South African Acquiring Banks. PayGate uses the strictest form of encryption, namely Secure Socket Layer 3 (SSL3) and no Card details are stored on the website. Users may go to www.paygate.co.za to view their security certificate and security policy.
Customer details separate from card details
Customer details will be stored by Tresso Trading 750 PTY Ltd trading as Vilafonté separately from card details which are entered by the client on PayGate’s secure site. For more detail on PayGate refer to www.paygate.co.za.
Merchant Outlet country and transaction currency
The merchant outlet country at the time of presenting payment options to the cardholder is South Africa. Transaction currency is South African Rand (ZAR).
Responsibility
Tresso Trading 750 PTY Ltd trading as Vilafonté takes responsibility for all aspects relating to the transaction including sale of goods and services sold on this website, customer service and support, dispute resolution and delivery of goods.
Country of domicile
This website is governed by the laws of South Africa and Tresso Trading 750 PTY Ltd trading as Vilafonté chooses as its domicilium citandi et executandi for all purposes under this agreement, whether in respect of court process, notice, or other documents or communication of whatsoever nature.
Variation
Tresso Trading 750 PTY Ltd trading as Vilafonté may, in its sole discretion, change this agreement or any part thereof at any time without notice.
Company information
This website is run by Tresso Trading 750 PTY Ltd, based in South Africa trading as Vilafonté and with registration number 200302411007 and Michael S Ratcliffe, Zelma Long and Phil Freese (Director(s)/Member(s)/Owner(s)).
Tresso Trading 750 PTY Ltd trading as Vilafonté contact details
Company Physical Address: Unit 7C, Lower Dorp Street, Bosman’s Crossing, Stellenbosch, 7600
Email: info@vilafonte.com
Telephone: 021 8864083
General Website Terms & ConditionsWebsite Terms and Conditions of Use Relating to vilafonte.com (And all sub-domains)
These Terms and Conditions (“the Terms and Conditions”) govern your (“the User”) use of the Vilafonte (“Provider”) website located at the domain name vilafonte.com (“the Website”). By accessing and using the Website, the User agrees to be bound by the Terms and Conditions set out in this legal notice. The User may not access, display, use, download, and/or otherwise copy or distribute Content obtained on the website for marketing and other purposes without the consent of the Provider.
Electronic Communications
By using this Website or communicating with the Provider by electronic means, the user consents and acknowledges that any and all agreements, notices, disclosures, or any other communication satisfies any legal requirement, including but not limited to the requirement that such communications should be in writing.
E-Commerce & Privacy
The Website vilafonte.com sells Alcoholic Beverages, namely wine  online.  The use of any product or service bought from this Website is at the purchaser’s risk. The purchaser/user indemnifies and holds the Provider harmless against any loss, injury or damages which may be sustained as a result of using the products sold on the Website.
The private information required for executing the orders placed through the e-commerce facility, namely the User’s personal information and credit card details, delivery address and telephone numbers will be kept in the strictest confidence by the Provider and not sold or made known to third parties. Only the necessary information, that is the delivery address and contact phone number will be made known to third parties delivering the product.  Credit card details are not kept by the Provider under any circumstances.
The Provider cannot be held responsible for security breaches occurring on the User’s electronic device (Personal Computer or other electronic device used to browse the Website), which may result due to the lack of adequate virus protection software or spyware that the User may inadvertently have installed on his/her device.
The Provider will supply all goods to the delivery company in good order. The Provider will not be held liable for the condition of goods arriving at the User’s chosen delivery address.
Refund and Return Policy
The provision of goods and services is subject to availability. In cases of unavailability, the provider will refund the client in full within 30 days. Cancellation of orders by the client will attract a 10% charge for administration costs.
The Provider reserves the right to cancel an order for which payment has already been received.  This may occur if stock is insufficient or the quality of goods ordered does not meet the Provider’s standards.  Should the Provider exercise this right, the User will receive a full refund with no deductions.
Any complaints regarding the standard and quality of the product or products bought by consumers through the e-commerce facility should be directed to the Vilafonte Estate Marketing Manager, at info@vilafonte.com.
Updating of these Terms and Conditions
Provider reserves the rights to change, modify, add or remove from portions or the whole of these Terms and Conditions from time to time. Changes to these Terms and Conditions will become effective upon such changes being posted to this Website. It is the User’s obligation to periodically check these Terms and Conditions at the Website for changes or updates. The User’s continued use of this Website following the posting of changes or updates will be considered notice of the User’s acceptance to abide by and be bound by these Terms and Conditions, including such changes or updates.
Copyright and Intellectual Property Rights
Provider provides certain information at the Website. Content currently or anticipated to be displayed at this Website is provided by Provider, its affiliates and/or subsidiary, or any other third party owners of such content, and includes but is not limited to Literary Works, Musical Works, Artistic Works, Sound Recordings, Cinematograph Films, Sound and Television Broadcasts, Program-Carrying Signals, Published Editions and Computer Programs (“the Content”). All such proprietary works, and the compilation of the proprietary works, are copyright the Provider, its affiliates or subsidiary, or any other third party owner of such rights (“the Owners”), and is protected by South African and international copyright laws. The Providers reserve the right to make any changes to the Website, the Content, or to products and/or services offered through the Website at any times and without notice. All rights in and to the Content is reserved and retained by the Owners. Except as specified in these Terms and Conditions, the User is not granted a license or any other right including without limitation under Copyright, Trademark, Patent or other Intellectual Property Rights in or to the Content.
Limitation of liability
The Website and all Content on the Website, including any current or future offer of products or services, are provided on an “as is” basis, and may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. The Owners make no warranty or representation as to the availability, accuracy or completeness of the Content. Neither Provider nor any holding company, affiliate or subsidiary of Provider, shall be held responsible for any direct or indirect special, consequential or other damage of any kind whatsoever suffered or incurred, related to the use of, or the inability to access or use the Content or the Website or any functionality thereof, or of any linked website, even if Provider is expressly advised thereof.
Privacy:  casual surfing
The User may visit the Website without providing any personal information. The Website servers will in such instances collect the IP address of the User computer, but not the email address or any other distinguishing information. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent at the Website, pages viewed, etc. Provider uses this information to determine use of the Website, and to improve Content thereon. Provider assumes no obligation to protect this information, and may copy, distribute or otherwise use such information without limitation.
Choice of Law
This Website is controlled, operated and administered by Provider from its offices within the Republic of South Africa. Access to the Website from territories or countries where the Content or purchase of the products sold on the Website is illegal is prohibited. The User may not use this Website in violation of South African export laws and regulations. If the User accesses this Website from locations outside of South Africa, that User is responsible for compliance with all local laws. These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of South Africa, and the User consents to the jurisdiction of the Witwatersrand High Court in the event of any dispute. If any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions are found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to give effect to the intent of these Terms and Conditions, and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions shall continue in full force and effect. These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between the Provider and the User with regard to the use of the Content and this Website.
Looking for something specialthis festive season?
Check out the Vilafonté Gift Shop for some great ideas.