https://wallawallavintners.com/policies/#returns
Walla Walla Vintners Policies
Privacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsReturns & CancellationsADA Policies
Walla Walla Vintners Privacy Policy
Effective:  February 5, 2018
Opal West Wines, d/b/a Walla Walla Vintners (“Walla Walla Vintners”, “we,” “us,” or “our”) values the trust you place in us when you use our website (“Website”).  This Privacy Policy describes our collection, use, disclosure, and protection of your information.  This Privacy Policy applies to our Website, regardless of how you access or use it, including through mobile devices.
BY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AND YOU ARE CONSENTING TO OUR COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE, AND PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Website.  We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time.  We will post any changes to our Website.  Your continued use of our Website following the posting of any changes will mean you accept those changes.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may submit to us offline, or to third-party websites and mobile applications that may link to the Website or be linked to on the Website.  We are not responsible for the actions or privacy practices of third-party websites and applications; please consult those websites and applications directly to understand their privacy practices.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect, process, and retain information from you and any devices  you may use when you use or interact with our Website, and in other ways described below.
Information You Give Us:  We receive and store information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way, including your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, date of birth, driver’s license number, and payment card information.
Information We Automatically Collect:  We collect information about your use of our Website, such as the purchases you make, the pages you view and other interactions you have.  We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Website.  Our Website uses “cookies,” tagging and other tracking technologies to help enable you to shop on our Website, and enable us to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience.  This information includes computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from our Website, referral URL, your IP address, and device identifiers. This information also may include your browsing history, transaction history, and your web log information.
Information From Social Media:  When you interact with us or our Website on a social media platform, we may collect the personal information that you make available to us on that page, including your account ID or username and other information included in your posts.
Information From Other Sources:  We may supplement the personal information we collect with information from third parties or collected offline, such as information collected by Walla Walla Vintners at events, in person at our tasting room, or collected over the phone and add it to your account information.  This information may include, but is not limited to, demographic information, additional contact information, and group affiliations.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Website, including fulfilling your orders and requests for information, analyzing and compiling trends and statistics, and communicating with you.  For information about how to manage your information and the choices you have, see how to limit the use of your information below.
We also may use your information to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Website and for internal or other business purposes;
Fulfill your requests for information;
Provide, produce, and ship the products that you order;
Provide customer support;
Track and evaluate the use of the Website;
Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us, or changes to our policies or terms;
Send you newsletters or other materials;
Send you offers or other communications about our products and services, such as special or promotional events, including services, products, or events for which we collaborate or co-offer with a third party;
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal;
Optimize or improve our Website, products, services and operations; and
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Website and their usage patterns.
We may use the information from one portion of the Website on other portions of the Website, and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Website into a single record.  We also may use or combine information that we collect offline or we collect or receive from third-party sources for many reasons, including to enhance, expand, and check the accuracy of our records. Additionally, information collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such information was collected.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHERS
We share your personal information with third parties as described below.  In addition, we may share information that does not specifically and personally identify you, such as aggregate information, device identifiers or other unique identifiers to third parties.  For information about how to manage your information and the choices you have, see how to access and modify your information below.
Third-Party Service Providers:  We engage third-party service providers to perform functions on our behalf such as: hosting, content management, marketing, and analytics.  For example, we use third parties to process payments made to us and assist with product fulfillment and other operations.  These third parties may have access to your personal information when needed to perform their functions.
Business Partners:  We may share information that personally identifies you with business partners who provide products and services that we think you may be interested in.
Sale, Assignment or Change of Control:  We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Website.  We may transfer to another entity or its affiliates or service providers some or all information about you in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any line of business, change in ownership control, or financing transaction.  Under such circumstances, we will request the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy with respect to previously collected information.  Nevertheless, we cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Privacy Policy.
Law Enforcement, Legal Process, and Emergency Situations:  We may also use or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or on the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or our Website; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Website or our users, or (c) act to protect the personal safety of us, users of the Website or the public.
HOW TO ACCESS AND MODIFY YOUR INFORMATION
If you have an online account with us, you can update your account information through your account.
If you would like to request access, modification, correction, or deletion of personal information that you have provided to us or that you believe we may have collected about you, please contact us info@wallawallavintners.com.  We may not be able to delete your personal information without also deleting your user account.  You will not be permitted to examine the personal information of any other person or entity.  In order to verify your identity, you may be required to provide us with personal information prior to accessing any records containing information about you.  We may not accommodate a request to change or delete personal information if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.
We will honor any legal right that you have to access, modify or erase your personal information.  To request access and to find out whether any fees may apply, if permitted by applicable state, federal, or national law (outside of the United States), please contact info@wallawallavintners.com.
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS USED AND SHARED
In many instances, you have choices about the information you provide and how we use your information.  These choices, and any related consequences, are described in detail below.
Marketing Emails and Calls:  When you create an account through our Website or sign up for certain communications, you are required to provide us with an accurate e-mail address through which we may contact you.  Such registration or requests through our Website constitutes your express acknowledgment that we may use your e-mail address to communicate with you about product offerings from us, our selected vendors, and partners.  While you cannot opt-out of receiving notifications and other communications regarding your account or your transactions, you can opt-out of receiving promotional and other marketing emails from us by: (1) using the “unsubscribe” feature in our marketing e-mails or (2) contacting us at info@wallawallavintners.com.
COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGY
Like many websites, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to record your preferences and track the use of our Website.  We may also use these technologies to monitor traffic, improve the Website, and make it easier to use and more relevant.
Some content or applications on the Website may be served by unaffiliated third parties.  We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.  We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any website not operated by us to which our Website links or that link to our Website.
Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality.  Our information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to visitors, will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.
Online Tracking Choices:  You also have choices to limit some tracking mechanisms that collect information when you use the Website.  Many web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser’s setting to decline cookies if you prefer.  If you choose to decline cookies, certain features of our Website, including the Website itself, may not function properly or remain accessible to you.  In addition, you may also render some web beacons unusable by rejecting or removing their associated cookies.  Note that if you choose to remove cookies, you may remove opt-out cookies that affect your advertising preferences.
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., on our Website. Google Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Website, compile reports on the Website’s activity, and provide other services related to Website activity and usage.  The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website.  The Website does not use Google Analytics to gather information that personally identifies you.  The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies. To learn more about Google’s partner services and to learn how to opt out of tracking of analytics by Google click here.
Many of the third party advertisers that place tracking tools on our Website are members of programs that offer you additional choices regarding the collection and use of your information.  You can learn more about the options available to limit these third parties’ collection and use of your information by visiting the websites for the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance.
HOW WE SECURE YOUR INFORMATION
We use a variety of managerial, technical, and physical measures to protect the integrity and security of your information.  These measures may vary depending on the sensitivity of your information.  However, no security precautions or systems can be completely secure.  We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Walla Walla Vintners, and you do so at your own risk.  We cannot guarantee that such information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
You can help protect the privacy of your own information by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized interception of your personal information.  You are responsible for the security of your information that you transmit to us or view, download, or otherwise access when using unencrypted, public or otherwise unsecured networks.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Users Outside of the United States:  If you use our Website outside of the United States, you understand and consent to the transfer of your personal information to, and the collection, processing, and storage of your personal information in, the United States and elsewhere.  The laws in the U.S. and these countries regarding personal information may be different than the laws of your state or country.
Your California Privacy Rights:  If you are a California resident, California law permits you to request certain information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us and our related companies to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please send your request, by email to info@wallawallavintners.com.
QUESTIONS
For questions about our Privacy Policy, to make choices about receiving promotional communications, to update your personal information, or to place an order, you can contact us by email at info@wallawallavintners.com.
Walla Walla Vintners Terms and Conditions
Effective:  February 5, 2018
Welcome to the Walla Walla Vintners website and related interactive features, products, services, applications or downloads (collectively, the “Website”) that is owned by Opal West Wines, d/b/a Walla Walla Vintners (“Walla Walla Vintners,” “we” and “us”).  These Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) apply to our Website regardless of how you access or use it, including through mobile devices.
BY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THESE TERMS AND OUR PRIVACY POLICY.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.  WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MODIFY OR AMEND THESE TERMS FROM TIME TO TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.  YOUR CONTINUED USE OF OUR WEBSITE FOLLOWING THE POSTING OF CHANGES TO THESE TERMS WILL MEAN YOU ACCEPT THOSE CHANGES.
Additional terms and conditions may apply to the purchase of products, such as shipping and return policies.  By using this Website, you agree to such terms and conditions.
If you have any questions or comments, we invite you to contact us at info@wallawallavintners.com.
Privacy Policy.  Information collection and use, including the collection and use of personally identifiable information is governed by our Privacy Policy (which is incorporated into and is a part of these Terms).
Legal Age Requirement.  You are not permitted to view the Website unless you are 21 years of age or older.  If you are younger than 21, please do not visit the Website.  Your account may be deleted and your membership to our wine club(s) may be terminated without warning, if we believe that you are under 21 years of age.
Alcohol may only be sold and delivered to a person who is of legal drinking age.  By placing an order on the Website, you represent to us that you are of legal drinking age and the person to whom any wine (or other alcoholic beverage) will be delivered is also of legal drinking age.  By placing an order, you further agree and consent to our age verification process.  We comply with federal, state, and local laws regarding sale of alcohol to minors.
Information, Products, and Specifications.  We attempt to ensure that information on this Website is complete, accurate and current.  Despite our efforts, the information on this Website may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date.  We make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currency of any information on this Website.
For example, products included on this Website may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may actually carry a different price than that stated on this Website.  In addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice.  While it is our practice to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service.  We reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service or to refuse service to any customer.  We also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance or shipment of any order.
Certain weights, measures and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only.  Packaging may vary from that shown.  We make all reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of our products, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see will depend on your computer system, and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colors.
Discounts and sales prices may not be applied to previous orders.  We reserve the right to shorten the duration of any special order or sales promotion.  All applicable sales and other taxes are in addition to the sale price.  All online transaction totals reflect the estimated tax amount; the actual tax amount will be calculated based on your shipping location and many vary from the estimated tax.
Occasionally, the manufacture or distribution of a certain product or service may be delayed for a number of reasons.  In such event, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the delay and keep you informed of the revised delivery schedule.  The inclusion of any products or services on this Website at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time.  By placing an order, you represent that the products ordered will be used only in a lawful manner.
Order Eligibility.  You may only purchase our products and services for personal, non-commercial use.  Walla Walla Vintners may refuse any order that it has cause to believe is for onward sale other than through distribution channels approved by Walla Walla Vintners.  Walla Walla Vintners makes no representation or guarantees that products or services available on the Website are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States, and accessing the Website from territories where its contents are illegal or unlawful is prohibited.  If you choose to access this Website from locations outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk.  It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) with respect to the possession, use and sale of any item purchased from this Website.
Shipping Limitations.  You may only purchase products and services that are delivered to or performed at an address located in the United States.  We are prohibited from shipping to certain states and we cannot ship to P.O. boxes.  UPS Ground is Walla Walla Vintner’s third party carrier of choice.  You are responsible for all shipping charges unless we expressly agree otherwise.  Shipping charges will be calculated during the on-line ordering process.  Shipping and handling charges are nonrefundable unless we sent the wrong item.  If you select UPS Next Day Air as your carrier, you agree to pay all shipping charges, regardless of your wine club membership or purchase amount.
Each state that allows us to ship directly to consumers requires the signature, at the time of delivery, of a person of legal drinking age.  Failure to produce age verification upon request forfeits the right to receive the shipment until identification is produced.  In such circumstances, the order will be shipped back to us at your expense.
Wine is a perishable commodity.  Wine does not like extremes of temperature: hot humid summer and cold winter weather may adversely affect the condition of your wine during shipment.  Walla Walla Vintners is not responsible for and will not replace wine that is damaged by extreme weather conditions during shipment.  Risk of loss and title for items purchased from this Website pass to you upon delivery of the items to the carrier and you are responsible for filing any claims with carriers for damaged or lost shipments.  Walla Walla Vintners does not guarantee any particular delivery date and is not responsible for any delays.
Return and Exchange Policy.  You may return or exchange a product purchased from this Website in the event that the product or service is defective or for any reason within 30 days.  Certain jurisdictions may provide additional statutory rights.  Nothing herein is meant to limit your return or cancellation rights under applicable local law.
In the event that the return or exchange is due to Walla Walla Vintners sending you an incorrect order or faulty product, Walla Walla Vintners will be responsible for the shipping costs associated with such return.  In all other cases, you will be responsible for the return.  Walla Walla Vintners will only accept returned or exchanged products or services that comply with the process detailed in our Returns & Cancellations policy.
Charges.  For all charges for any products or services sold on the Website, Walla Walla Vintners will bill your credit card or alternative payment method offered by Walla Walla Vintners or our authorized third party vendor.  You agree to provide valid and updated payment information.  In the event legal action is necessary to collect on balances due, you agree to reimburse Walla Walla Vintners for all expenses incurred to recover sums due, including attorneys’ fees and other legal expenses.  You are responsible for purchase of, and payment of charges for, all Internet access services needed for use of this Website and any and all fees charged to you by your financial institution related to the charges.
If you register for a Wine Club membership, you agree that Walla Walla Vintners will automatically bill you and you will be responsible for all fees associated with this membership, each time a shipment is made pursuant to that membership.  You may cancel your membership, and the associated charges going forward, at any time prior to a Wine Club shipment being made.  However, you may not retroactively cancel your membership after a shipment has been sent, and you remain responsible for the fees associated with that shipment.
Payment obligations are non-cancelable and fees paid are non-refundable.  Walla Walla Vintners may suspend or terminate your account, in addition to other rights and remedies, if fees are past due.  You shall provide Walla Walla Vintners with written notice of any disputed charges within ten (10) business days of the date of the charge.  Notice of the dispute must provide in reasonable detail a statement of the basis for disputing the charge.
Promotional Codes.  On occasion, Walla Walla Vintners may issue promotion codes that may be redeemed at the time of check out.  These codes are non-transferable and may only be used by the intended recipient; these codes have no cash value and are not redeemable for cash.  We reserve the right to cancel any promotion code and reduction redemption when the total value of the promotional code exceeds the price of the item.   Multiple promotional codes may not be combined.  We are not responsible for any financial loss arising out of our refusal, cancelation or withdrawal of a promotion or any failure or inability of a customer to use a promotional code for any reason.
Copyright, Trademark and Ownership.  All of the content displayed on the Website, including without limitation text, graphics, photographs, images, moving images, sound, and illustrations (“Content”), is owned by Walla Walla Vintners, its licensors, agents or its Content providers.  All elements of the Website, including, without limitation, the Website’s general design, Walla Walla Vintners’ trademarks, service marks, trade names (including Walla Walla Vintners’ name, logos, the Website name, and  the Website design), and other Content, are protected by trade dress, copyright, moral rights, trademark and other laws relating to intellectual property rights.  The Website may only be used for the intended purpose for which it is being made available.
You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or modify the Content or the Walla Walla Vintners’ trademarks in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on the Website, without Walla Walla Vintners’ prior written consent.  The Website, its Content and all related rights shall remain the exclusive property of Walla Walla Vintners or its licensors unless otherwise expressly agreed.  You will not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices from material found on the Website.
Unsolicited Submissions Policy.  We are pleased to hear from our loyal customers and welcome your comments regarding Walla Walla Vintners and our products.  However, except where we specifically request comments or submissions, we do not accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions, or materials other than those we have specifically requested.  This policy is designed to avoid misunderstandings if projects developed by Walla Walla Vintners’ professional staff seem to others to be similar to their own creative work.  Accordingly, Walla Walla Vintners requests that you not submit any creative ideas, suggestions, or materials except where specifically requested or solicited.  If you do send us any unsolicited suggestions, you agree not to assert any ownership right of any kind in against Walla Walla Vintners (including, but not limited to copyright, trademark, unfair competition, moral rights, or implied contract), you hereby grant Walla Walla Vintners a nonexclusive, perpetual, worldwide license to use the unsolicited submission in every media and for every purpose now known or hereinafter discovered, and you waive the right to receive any financial or other consideration in connection with such unsolicited submission including, but not limited to, credit.  You release Walla Walla Vintners (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with your unsolicited submissions, including, without limitation, all claims for theft of ideas or copyright infringement.
Advertising Rights.  Walla Walla Vintners reserves the right to sell and display any advertising, attribution, links, promotional and distribution rights, and Walla Walla Vintners and its licensors or affiliates will be entitled to retain any and all revenue generated from any sales of such advertising, attribution, links, or promotional or distribution rights.  Nothing in these additional terms obligates or may be deemed to obligate Walla Walla Vintners to sell or offer to sell any advertising, promotion or distribution rights.
Links.  From time to time, this Website may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned, operated or controlled by Walla Walla Vintners or its affiliates.  All such links are provided solely as a convenience to you.  If you use these links, you will leave this Website.  Neither we nor any of our respective affiliates are responsible for any content, materials or other information located on or accessible from any other websites.  Neither we, nor any of our respective affiliates, endorse, guarantee, or make any representations or warranties regarding any other websites, or any content, materials or other information located or accessible from any other websites, or the results that you may obtain from using any other websites.  If you decide to access any other websites linked to or from this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Running or displaying this Website, or any information or material displayed on this Website, in frames or through similar means on another website without our prior written permission is prohibited.
Account Registration and Security.  You understand that you may need to create an account to have access to parts of the Website.  In consideration of your use of the Website, you will: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Website’s registration process and (b) maintain and promptly update your information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.  If Walla Walla Vintners suspects that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Walla Walla Vintners has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all use of the Website.
You are entirely responsible for the security and confidentiality of your password and account.  Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account.  You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security of which you become aware.  You are responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the Website.  Please note that anyone able to provide your username and password will be able to access your account so you should take reasonable steps to protect this information.
Access and Interference.  You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Website for any purpose without our express written permission.  Additionally, you agree that you will not: (i) take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the site or any activities conducted on the Website; or (iii) bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Website.
Force Majeure.  Walla Walla Vintners is not responsible for damages, delays, or failures in performance resulting from acts or occurrences beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation: fire, lightning, explosion, power surge or failure, water, acts of God, war, revolution, civil commotion or acts of civil or military authorities or public enemies; any law, order, regulation, ordinance, or requirement of any government or legal body or any representative of any such government or legal body; or labor unrest, including without limitation, strikes, slowdowns, picketing, or boycotts; or inability to secure raw materials, transportation facilities, fuel or energy.
Representations and Warranties.   You affirm, represent and warrant that you are over the age of 21, have the right and authority to enter into this agreement, are fully able and competent to satisfy the terms, conditions and obligations herein, and your use of the Website is and will be in compliance with all applicable laws.  You further affirm, represent and warrant the following: (i) you have obtained all consents, and possess all copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret and any other proprietary rights, or the necessary licenses thereto, for any content you’ve provided to the Website; (ii) if necessary you have the written consent of each and every identifiable natural person to use such persons name or likeness in the manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms, and each such person has released you from any liability that may arise in relation to such use; (iii) you have read, understood, agree with, and will abide by the terms and conditions of this agreement; and (iv) Walla Walla Vintners’ use of any information you have submitted as contemplated by the Terms and the Website will not infringe any rights of any third party, including but not limited to any intellectual property rights, privacy rights and rights of publicity.
DISCLAIMERS. YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED ON, THROUGH, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY US ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SECURITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS, OR WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE AND OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.  WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE OR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES WE PROVIDE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE WEBSITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.  WE DO NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE COMPLETENESS, CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, ADEQUACY, USEFULNESS, TIMELINESS OR RELIABILITY OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES WE PROVIDE, OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE MAY BE OUT OF DATE, AND NEITHER WALLA WALLA VINTNERS NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES MAKES ANY COMMITMENT OR ASSUMES ANY DUTY TO UPDATE SUCH INFORMATION, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.  THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES LISTED OR PURCHASED ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR PRODUCT DEFECT OR FAILURE, CLAIMS THAT ARE DUE TO NORMAL WEAR, PRODUCT MISUSE, ABUSE, PRODUCT MODIFICATION, IMPROPER PRODUCT SELECTION, NON-COMPLIANCE WITH ANY CODES, OR MISAPPROPRIATION.  WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES TO THOSE DEFINED AS “CONSUMERS” IN THE MAGNUSON-MOSS WARRANTY-FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION IMPROVEMENTS ACT.  THE FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM WALLA WALLA VINTNERS OR THROUGH WALLA WALLA VINTNERS’S WEBSITE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN.
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.  WALLA WALLA VINTNERS DOES NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE, FOR ANY DAMAGE TO OR ANY VIRUS THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER, EQUIPMENT, OR OTHER PROPERTY CAUSED BY OR ARISING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR BROWSING THIS WEBSITE, OR YOUR DOWNLOADING OF OR ACCESSING ANY MATERIALS FROM THE WEBSITE.  IN NO EVENT WILL WALLA WALLA VINTNERS, OR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNS, NOR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION OR TRANSMISSION OF THIS WEBSITE, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THIS WEBSITE, OR THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES CONTAINED ON OR PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO CEASE USING THE WEBSITE OR THE CONTENT, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES.  IN THE EVENT OF ANY PROBLEM WITH THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THAT YOU HAVE PURCHASED ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE REMEDY, IF ANY, IS TO SEEK A RETURN AND REFUND FOR SUCH PRODUCTS OR SERVICES IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RETURNS AND REFUNDS POLICIES POSTED ON THIS WEBSITE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL WALLA WALLA VINTNERS’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE EXCEED THE GREATER OF (A) TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS (US $25.00) OR (B) THE VALUE OF YOUR PURCHASE ON THE WEBSITE.
Indemnity.  You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Walla Walla Vintners, each of our parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliates and the successors of each of the foregoing, and the officers, directors, agents, and employees of each of the foregoing, harmless from any and all liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, related to or in connection with (i) your use of the Website or your placement or transmission of any message or information on this Website by you or your authorized users; (ii) your violation of any term or condition of these Terms, including without limitation, your breach of any of the representations and warranties; (iii) your violation of any third-party rights, including without limitation any right of privacy, publicity rights or intellectual property rights; (iv) your violation of any law, rule or regulation of the United States or any other country; (v) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any information or material that you provide to Walla Walla Vintners; or (vi) any other party’s access and use of the Website with your unique username, password or other appropriate security code.
Release.  In the event that you have a dispute with another user or other party related to the Website, you release Walla Walla Vintners (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
Termination.  You or we may suspend or terminate your account or your use of this Website at any time, for any reason or for no reason.  You are personally liable for any orders placed or charges incurred through your account prior to termination.  We may also block your access to our Website in the event that: (a) you breach these Terms; (b) we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; (c) we believe that your actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for our users or us; or (d) or as otherwise provided herein or in another incorporated policy.  You understand that any termination of your account, by you or us, may involve the permanent deletion of your data.  Walla Walla Vintners will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any suspension or termination, including for deletion of your data.
General.  Any claim arising out of or relating to the use of, this Website and the materials contained herein is governed by the laws of the State of Washington, without regard to its choice of law provisions. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Washington State.  You hereby irrevocably consent to such venue and to the exclusive jurisdiction of any such court over any such dispute.  Any and all disputes directly or indirectly arising out of or related to the Terms or the Website will be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class actions.  Any and all claims, judgments and awards will be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, and in no event shall you be entitled to recovery of attorney’s fees.  Under no circumstances will any claimant be permitted to obtain any award for, and you hereby waive all rights to claim punitive, special, incidental or consequential damages and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses.  Any cause of action or claim you may have directly or indirectly arising out of or related to the Terms or the Website must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises.  A printed version of these Terms will be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms to the same extent as other business documents originally generated and maintained in printed form.  You shall comply with all applicable domestic and international laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding your use of the Website.
We do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our Website, and operation of the Website may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control.  If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced.  You agree that these Terms and all incorporated agreements may be assigned by Walla Walla Vintners in our sole discretion.  Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section.  Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.  These Terms are the entire agreement between you and Walla Walla Vintners with respects to the subject matter hereof and supersede any prior understandings or agreements (written or oral).   Any provision that must survive in order to give proper effect to its intent (e.g., indemnity, general, any perpetual license, limitations on liability, disclaimers, representations and warranties, etc.) shall survive the expiration or termination of these Terms.
All rights not granted herein are expressly reserved to Opal West Wines.
Returns & Cancellations
We will replace or refund you for any bottle of wine that is damaged, flawed or that the customer finds unsatisfactory with like current vintage. We ask the customer return the unfinished portion of the original bottle for replacement. By law, we cannot accept returns of alcoholic beverages unless the product is corked or flawed. We are also unable to accept return of wine that was damaged due to adverse weather conditions during shipment, or wine that is ordered in error. Please send an email to info@wallawallavintners.com to arrange for the return of corked or flawed product. Once the wine is received we will replace the affected wine and ship when weather conditions permit. Please contact the tasting room at 509-525-4724 for return instructions.
ADA Policies
Wallawallavintners.com Accessibility StatementUpdated: January 2020.
General
wallawallavintners.com strives to ensure that its services are accessible to people with disabilities. wallawallavintners.com has invested a significant amount of resources to help ensure that its website is made easier to use and more accessible for people with disabilities, with the strong belief that every person has the right to live with dignity, equality, comfort and independence.
Accessibility on wallawallavintners.com
wallawallavintners.com makes available the UserWay Website Accessibility Widget that is powered by a dedicated accessibility server. The software allows wallawallavintners.com to improve its compliance with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG 2.1).
Enabling the Accessibility Menu
The wallawallavintners.com accessibility menu can be enabled by clicking the accessibility menu icon that appears on the corner of the page. After triggering the accessibility menu, please wait a moment for the accessibility menu to load in its entirety.
Disclaimer
wallawallavintners.com continues its efforts to constantly improve the accessibility of its site and services in the belief that it is our collective moral obligation to allow seamless, accessible and unhindered use also for those of us with disabilities.
Despite our efforts to make all pages and content on wallawallavintners.com fully accessible, some content may not have yet been fully adapted to the strictest accessibility standards. This may be a result of not having found or identified the most appropriate technological solution.
Here For You
If you are experiencing difficulty with any content on wallawallavintners.com or require assistance with any part of our site, please contact us during normal business hours as detailed below and we will be happy to assist.
Contact Us
If you wish to report an accessibility issue, have any questions or need assistance, please contact wallawallavintners.com Customer Support as follows:
Email: info@vinboundmarketing.com
Address
Winery & Tasting Room225 Vineyard LaneWalla Walla, WA 99362
MailPO Box 1551Walla Walla, WA 99362
HoursCLOSED FOR TASTINGS UNTIL FURTHER INSTRUCTION FROM LOCAL HEALTH OFFICIALSOPEN FOR CURBSIDE PICK UP (CONTACT US)Tel: (509) 525-4724Email usMore Information
Online StoreTrade & Media PoliciesReturns
Copyright 2020 Walla Walla Vintners | Site by Vinbound
Join The Walla Walla Vintners Mailing List!
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Privacy Settings
We use cookies to enhance your experience while using our website. If you are using our Services via a browser you can restrict, block or remove cookies through your web browser settings. We also use content and scripts from third parties that may use tracking technologies. You can selectively provide your consent below to allow such third party embeds. For complete information about the cookies we use, data we collect and how we process them, please check our Privacy Policy
Youtube
Consent to display content from Youtube
Vimeo
Consent to display content from Vimeo
Google Maps
Consent to display content from Google
Save