https://washingtonwomenoutdoors.org/privacy-policy/
WWO ONLINE STOREMember Login
Member Login
Username or Email Address
Password
Remember Me
Forgot password?Don't have an account? Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Washington Women Outdoors (WWO) Privacy Statement for:
1. Individuals participating in activities organized by Washington Women Outdoors (WWO)
2. Individuals applying to become Members of WWO and/or renew WWO membership
3. Individuals donating funds or equipment to WWO
4. Individuals visiting the WWO website
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Statement describes the types of information
about you and your designated emergency contacts that we collect from you. It also explains
how we use, share and protect it.
Key Points about WWO’s collection, retention, protection and use of personal information:
We collect personal information directly from you through the registration process and on waivers of liability including releases allowing us to use your image by posting photographs of events on the WWO website.
Unless you expressly deny permission, we will share personal information about you and your emergency contacts with our volunteer leaders and organization members including but not limited to members of the WWO Board of Directors.
We may ask your permission to share your contact information including telephone number, email address and home address with other participants in WWO activities you register for in order to facilitate planning and shared transportation.
We will contact the person you designate as your emergency contact in the event of an emergency affecting you during participation in a WWO activity if you are not able to contact him or her yourself.
We will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes without your express permission.
WordPress, our website provider automatically collects information about you, including: log Information, usage Information, location Information, stored Information, interactions with other users’ sites, and other information from cookies and other technologies. WordPress’s privacy policy is available at: https://automattic.com/privacy/
What type of personal information do we collect from you about you?
Your Name
Your Email
Your Telephone
Your Mailing Address
Any information you choose to provide about health conditions that may be relevant to your participation in activities, so that our leaders may better help you in case of a medical need.
What type of personal information do we collect from you about others?
Emergency Contact Name
Emergency Contact Telephone
How do we collect your personal information?
We collect information through our website for online event registrations and membership applications.
We also collect information on waivers that may be prepared online or in hard copy at the beginning of outdoor activities involving identified risks.
How do we use your personal information?
We use your personal information for legitimate purposes related to managing information about WWO members and non-member participants in WWO activities.
We use your personal information to plan and conduct WWO activities.
We use your personal information to acknowledge donations of cash, goods or services to WWO.
How do we share your personal information?
We may share your personal information with other individuals participating in the activities that you register for whether or not you participate in those activities. This may include sending emails to all registered participants with the names, emails, telephone numbers and addresses of every participant. If you do not wish to have your information included in these communications, you will be given an opportunity to opt out of these messages.
We do not give or sell your personal information to nonaffiliated third parties.
How do we protect your personal information?
We maintain physical, electronic and administrative safeguards designed to help protect personal information.
We limit access to personal information and require those who have access to it to comply with the restrictions in our privacy statement.
How can you review and correct the personal information we have collected from you?
If you have questions about what personal information we maintain about you, please
send a written request by email to Washington Women Outdoors at
info@washingtonwomenoutdoors.org. Include the date you provided the information to
us. We will respond and provide you the information for you to review. If you believe any
information should be corrected, you may request that we correct it by providing any
correction in writing sent by email to WWO.
Sign in
New account
Remember me
Log in
Forgot your password?
Create account
Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive mail with link to set new password.
Reset password
Back to login