http://waups.org.au/about_us/legal-and-privacy/
Skip to content
Copyright
All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of images (or any parts of an image) or writings on this web site by any means (including electronic, mechanical, recording by an information storage and retrieval system, derivative art and artistic rendering) is prohibited. The use of any image on this web site for any purpose requires the express permission in writing (a license) by either the Western Australian Photographic Society or the respective copyright holder.
Privacy Policy
Our Internet site is meant to be a service to you, and we respect your privacy. We do not trade, rent, or sell email addresses to any other parties, and never send unsolicited “Spam” E-mail’s.
Postal Addresses
WAUPS collects postal addresses that are supplied to us for delivery of products and /or customer service purposes.
Telephone Numbers
WAUPS does not retain telephone numbers for purposes other than contacting individuals or organisations with a question or information requested. We do not trade, rent, or sell telephone numbers to any other parties.
Aggregate Site Statistics
We collect, in aggregate form only, the domain names of visitors to our site, as well as statistics about traffic patterns, and related site information. These statistics include no personally identifying information, and is used to improve the design of the Web site.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Cookies
WAUPS does not use cookies. Other companies that show advertisements on our pages may set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies’ use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
Privacy Statement Updates
WAUPS may decide to make changes to our Privacy Statement. If we do this, we will post those changes here so that we can inform and update our customers on how we collect and use information.
Contacting WAUPS
If you have any questions about our privacy policies, you may send us an email.