http://westberkscamra.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content1
MENUMENUHomeDates
EventsFestivalsWest Berks Planner
AwardsBranch Magazine
Recent 6 Copies
Ullage Winter 2020Ullage Autumn 2020Ullage Summer 2020Ullage Spring 2020Ullage Winter 2019Ullage Autumn 2019
All copies >>>
BreweriesBranch NewsAll Branch Committee
Who we are
We are the West Berkshire Branch of CAMRA.  CAMRA is the Campaign For Real Ale.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Reject
Recent Blogs
Beer & Cider for local collection & delivery
Work from the pub!
Pubs adding Tipi tents etc.
Free membership of Saviour Pennies beer club for CAMRA members
Saviour Brewery brews a green hops version of Boozer
Blog Categories
Branch News
Campaigning
Local Breweries News
Local Pub News
Notices
Regional News
Trip Reports
Previous Blogs
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
July 2020
April 2020
February 2020
December 2019
August 2019
July 2019
June 2019
May 2019
January 2019
November 2018
September 2018
May 2018
December 2017
Key DatesDiary Events
Festivals
Planner
Branch PubsAll Real Ale Pubs
LocAle Pubs
Pub Discounts
Awards
West Berks BreweriesAll Breweries
West Berks CAMRABeer Scores
Assets of Community Value
Documents
Branch History
Public transport
CAMRACAMRA
What’s Brewing
Join Now
Good Beer Guide 2021
LegalPrivacy Policy
Neighbouring BranchesAylesbury Vale & Wycombe
Berkshire South-East
North Hampshire
Reading & Mid Berks
Slough Windsor & Maidenhead
White Horse
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.