https://westerly-owners.co.uk/privacy-policy
1. About this Policy
1.1 This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about our members, how we use it, how we keep it secure and your rights in relation to it.1.2 We may collect, use and store your personal data, as described in this Data Processing Policy and as described when we collect data from you.1.3 We reserve the right to amend this Policy from time to time without prior notice. You are advised to check our website (www.westerly-owners.co.uk) regularly for any amendments (but amendments will not be made retrospectively).1.4 We will always comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) when dealing with your personal data. Further details on GDPR can be found at the website of the Information Commissioner (www.ico.gov.uk)
2. We are: The Westerly Owners’ Association (WOA) and can be contacted via our Administration Office:
19 Willowdale Close, Petersfield, GU32 3PSTel: 01730 266178 or email: adminoffice@westerly-owners.co.uk
3. The Information we collect and why.
WOA may hold the following data in WOA’s Digital Database.
3.1 Purpose: To manage the Member’s membership of WOA.
3.1.1  Legal Basis: Performing WOA’s legitimate interests in operating the Association and performing the Association’s contract with the Member.
3.1.2 Type of information:
a) Full name, Postal address and post code of First Person.b) Full name of Second Person as appropriate.c) Year of joiningd) email address for the purpose of communication of relevant information – Members may change their e-mail preferences at any time through their account on the website (see Your Preference Settings)e) Telephone Number(s) both landline and mobile.f) Preferred method of subscription or renewal. Direct Debit details are handled by ‘Gocardless’ and are not held in WOA’s Database.
3.2   Additional data purpose: The Association publishes a Year Book annually which includes other details of members and their yacht ownership. This is so members can identify other members when sailing and visiting ports. The Year Book is an integral and important publication for the safety of members and communication between yachts.
All members on joining the Association are asked to consent to the publication of their details and this is documented.
3.2.1 Data that cannot be used to identify a member can be published without consent (refer to clause 3.1)
3.2.1.1 Type of information on yacht ownership that does not need consent
a) The Yacht Name, Westerly Class, sail number, MMSI number, mooringb) Members name
3.2.2 Data that can be used to identify a member requires consent to publish.
3.2.2.1 Type of information that does need consent.
a) Owners email and telephone number(s)b) Second name.
3.2.3. WOA produce two magazines a year for the purpose of informing members of future and past events; these may include pictures of members. All Members are asked to consent to their picture being used in the Magazine. Members may withdraw their consent at any time.
3.3  Pictures, videos: To add to the website or include in WOA magazine
3.3.1 Consent required to publish.3.3.2 Type of information that does need consent:
a) Members’ name. alongside the picture of the Member.
3.4  Regalia & Publications
3.4.1 If you order regalia or publications on line we collect data about you and pass to the WOA Administration Office for the sole purpose of processing your order and its delivery.
3.5 WOA Website
3.5.1  If you use the WOA website our Webmaster will collect data from your visit to understand better what visitors want from the site. The experience will then be used to enhance the site for other members of the Association.3.5.2  In following links on our site to third parties you will be leaving the scope of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you read and accept the Policy and terms of those sites, because they will apply.3.5.3  WOA uses Cookies in its site to enable features such as temporary storage in your  shopping basket and to validate your details for security purposes. Be aware that Cookies can be turned off, however, by refusing Cookies you will not be able to benefit from some of the features on this site.
4. Protection of Personal Data
4.1 We have implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personal data from loss, misuse, or unauthorised alteration or destruction.4.2 Please note however that where you are transmitting information to us over the internet this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure.4.3 For any payments which we take from you online we will use a recognised online secure payment system.4.4 We will notify you promptly in the event of any breach of your personal data which might expose you to serious risk.
5. Who else has access to the information you provide us?
5.1 We will never sell your personal data. We will not share your personal data with any third parties without your prior consent (which you are free to withhold) except where we are required to do so by law as set out in section 3 above or paragraph 5.2 below.5.2 We may pass your personal data to third parties who are service providers, agents and subcontractors to us for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (e.g. printing magazine and send you mailings). However, we disclose only the personal data that is necessary for the third party to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own purposes.
6. How long do we keep your information?
6.1 We will hold your personal data on our systems for as long as you are a member of WOA and for as long afterwards as is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We will review your personal data every year to establish whether we are still entitled to process it. If we decide that we are not entitled to do so, we will stop processing your personal data except that we will retain your personal data in an archived form in order to be able to comply with future legal obligations e.g. compliance with tax requirements and exemptions, and the establishment exercise or defence of legal claims. This archived form will allow us to provide information for the legal purpose of identifying the Yacht, name of owner and mooring.6.2 We securely destroy all financial information once we have used it and no longer need it
7. Your rights
7.1 You have rights under GDPR in relation to personal information.
7.1.1 To be informed about how your personal information is being used.7.1.2 To access the personal information we hold about you.7.1.3 To request the correction of inaccurate information we hold about you.7.1.4 To request the erasure of your personal information in certain limited circumstances.7.1.5 To restrict processing of your personal information where certain requirements are met.7.1.6 To object to the processing of your personal information.7.1.7 To object to certain automated decision making processes using your personal information.
7.2  You have the right to take any complaints about how we process your personal data to the Information Commissioner:
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/0303 123 1113
For more details please address any questions comments and requests regarding our data processing practices to our Data Controller c/o WOA Administration Office (see point 2 above).
BasketArea GroupsSearch the Site
Placing Adverts Guidance for Placing Adverts
Sellers beware scammers….small ads on the web are routinely targeted. Ours are no exception. Fortunately they are easy to spot. Read our guidance for placing adverts
Featured Supplier
ASAP Supplies
Beccles, Suffolk and Fareham, Hampshire
Discounts
Recent Adverts
volvo 2002 engine spares
southampton
as list
volvo 2002 starter motor
southampton
£100
Mainsail Cover.
Chichester.
£50.
Mainsail
Chichester
£50
Smoky Perspex doors from heads locker
Near Portsmouth
£5
Westerly 33 Ketch
Chichester
27,500
Westerly Tiger for Sale
Newhaven, East Sussex
£1500 ono
Boom, slab reef, good condition
Edinburgh
£100