https://whitescarcave.co.uk/cookie-policy
White Scar Cave
Yorkshire Dales National Park
Home
Opening Times and Prices
The Cave
Getting Here
Important Information
Group Visits
Education
Leisure
Caving
Contact us
Christmas
015242 41244
info@whitescarcave.co.uk
REOPEN SATURDAY 5 DEC
OPEN WEEKENDS ONLY: SANTA'S GROTTO @ 10:30AM-3:30PM (PRE-BOOKING IS RECOMMENDED). REGULAR CAVE TOURS ALSO TAKING PLACE @ 11:00, 1:00, 3:00 (FACE COVERINGS MUST BE WORN). CALL 015242 41244 FOR DETAILS
Menu
White Scar Cave
Cookie Policy
White Scar Cave uses cookies in the operation of this website in a number of areas. If you choose not to accept our cookies, some services on this site may not be available to you. When you visit this website, if your browser is using the standard settings and it is accepting cookies, you are giving consent for cookies on this website to be stored on your device. If you do not wish this to happen, you can disable these cookies via the settings of your browser, as indicated below.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file of data, often incorporating a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone browser from a website's computer. This data file stores the information you provide us with and in doing so enables us to 'remember' you on a repeat visit, effectively letting you move around the site without having to keep reintroducing yourself. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can set your browser to prevent this. If your browser’s preferences allow it, each website or third party service provider is able to send a cookie to your browser. However, to protect your privacy, your browser only allows these websites or third party service providers to access cookies already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites or other third party service providers.
Further information about cookies
If you'd like to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
How does White Scar Cave use cookies?
White Scar Cave does not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you as a user of the site. However, if you wish to reject cookies please refer to the How to Manage Cookies section further down this page.
White Scar Cave also uses a number of independent measurement companies. They gather information regarding the visitors to White Scar Cave on our behalf using cookies, log file data and code which is embedded on our website. White Scar Cave  uses this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users. White Scar Cave strictly requires that third parties do not use any of this type of information for their own business or other purposes.
White Scar Cave does contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third party websites have their own privacy policies, including cookies, and we urge you to review them. They will govern the use of any personal information you submit or which is collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites.
We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
How to manage cookies
A comprehensive audit of the site in terms of the main cookies that White Scar Cave sets (and what each is used for) has been carried out. As a result of this we have compiled a list of these cookies to enable you to opt out if you wish. The following table summarises the main cookies used:
Cookies name
Cookie purpose
ASP.NET_SessionId
This is a cookie that the ASP.NET technology uses store a unique identifier for a user visit.
UrlReferrer
Gets information about the URL of the client's previous request that linked to the current URL.
CookieLawPolicyAccepted
This cookie is used by the website to indicate that the user accepts the use of cookies.
CM,
NPID,
PAC,
PMC,
SRT,
ServerPool,
TACds,
TART,
TAReturnTo,
TASSK,
TASession,
TATravelInfo,
TAUD,
TAUnique,
VRMCID
Used by the TripAdvisor widget on the homepage.
_ga,
_gat,
_gid
Google Analytics for website performance monitoring.
st_browser_id
This is an unclassified cookie.
__gads
This cookie is used by Google for advertising. Some common applications are to target advertising based on what’s relevant to a user, to improve reporting on campaign performance and to avoid showing ads that the user has already seen.
cookieconsent
This is used by the website to determine if the user has provided their consent to to use cookies.
You, as a user of White Scar Cave, have the ability to accept or decline any of the cookies on the site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline some or all cookies if you prefer.
Changing cookie settings
If you wish to decline cookies, please select the browser you are using from the list below and follow the instructions below for your preferred browser to prevent cookies being served to you during your visit.
If you're not sure of the type and version of web browser you use to access the Internet:
For PCs: click on 'Help' at the top of your browser window and select the 'About' option
For Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the 'About' option
Microsoft Edge
Click on the 3 dots icon at the top right of your browser window and select the ‘Settings’ option
Scroll down until you see ‘Advanced Settings’ and click on ‘View Advanced Settings’3. Click on the ‘Privacy’ tab
Scroll down until you see the ‘Cookies’ drop down menu
To prevent cookies from being used, select ‘Block all cookies’
Google Chrome
Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select Options
Click the 'Under the Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content settings' button
Now select 'Allow local data to be set'
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select 'Internet options' , then click on the 'Privacy' tab
Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser
Settings above Medium will disable cookies
Mozilla Firefox
Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select Options
Then select the Privacy icon
Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set cookies'
Safari
Click on the Cog icon at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option
Click on 'Security', check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising cookies'
Click 'Save'
How to check cookies are enabled for Macs
Microsoft Internet Explorer on OSX
Click on 'Explorer' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences' options
Scroll down until you see 'Cookies' under Receiving Files
Select the 'Never Ask' option
Safari on OSX
Click on 'Safari' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option
Click on 'Security' then 'Accept cookies'
Select the 'Only from site you navigate to'
Mozilla and Netscape on OSX
Click on 'Mozilla' or 'Netscape' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option
Scroll down until you see cookies under 'Privacy & Security'
Select 'Enable cookies for the originating web site only'
Opera
Click on 'Menu' at the top of your browser window and select 'Settings'
Then select 'Preferences', select the 'Advanced' tab
Then select 'Accept cookies' option
All other browsers
Please consult your documentation or online help files.
Third-party cookies
White Scar Cave does contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third party websites have their own privacy policies, including cookies, and we urge you to review them. They will govern the use of any personal information you submit or which is collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites.
Further information about cookies
If you'd like to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of cookies on your device as described in our Cookie Policy unless you have disabled them. You can change your Cookie Settings at any time but parts of our site will not function correctly without them.
Read more