https://wildlife-rescue.org/privacy-policy
About
Mission, History, Ethic
Founder & Board
Staff & Apprentices
Facilities
Sanctuary Guide
Affiliations
Reports & Financials
In the News
FAQ
Services
Rescue, Rehabilitation, Release
Sanctuary
Advocacy
Activist Toolbox
Animal Abuse
Testing & Research
Canned Hunts
Animals in Entertainment
Pseudo-sanctuaries
Factory Farms
Plant-based Diets
Do No Harm Farm
Last Hope Dog & Cat Rescue
Resources
Living with Wildlife
No Wild Pets
Wildlife Encounters
Newsletters
Useful Links
Education
Wildlife Workshops
Young Friends of Wildlife Rescue Club
Get Involved
Careers
Apprenticeships
Internships
Volunteer
Release Sites
Events
Special Events
Educational Workshops
Support Us
Donate
Sponsor a Wild Animal
Become a Wildlife Rescue Sustainer
Remembrance Gifts
Donate a Vehicle
Leave a Bequest
Endowment Fund
Founder’s Circle
Wish List
Charitable Giving Partners
Contact
Privacy Policy
Your Rights to Privacy
Wildlife Rescue & Rehabilitation deeply values its supporters and donors and takes with the utmost seriousness their right to privacy in all of their contacts with this organization. Because of this we assure them that we never sell, rent, trade, or share in any other way their names or other identifying information. When such information comes into WRR’s possession it will be used only by us and only for sending newsletters, appeals, or other information related to WRR and its mission. The types of donor information that it collects and maintains are as follows:
• Contact information: name, address, telephone number and email address
• Giving information
• Information on events attended
• Publications received
• Special requests for program information
• Information provided by the donor in the form of comments and/or suggestions
Donor information is shared with staff, board members, volunteers and consultants only on a “need-to-know” basis. Donor information may be updated or corrected by contacting 830-336-2725, ext. 315 or by emailing WRR at info@wildlife-rescue.org.
For those who do not wish to be included on mailing lists, donors should contact the organization at 830-336-2725, ext. 315 or by emailing WRR at info@wildlife-rescue.org to have your names removed.
Furthermore, our online security features ensure that all interactions where data is gathered are SSL 120-bit encrypted for your protection, making it virtually impossible for someone to intercept your data while in transit to us. All possible measures are taken by our website host to ensure data security, and our onsite server is protected by multiple firewalls with access available only to specific WRR computers.
Our credit card payment processor is also compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) and every transaction is encoded using SSL/TLS strong encryption. PCI DSS is the payment card industry security requirement for entities that process or transmit cardholder data, and has been endorsed by all the major card brands, including American Express, Discover Financial Services, JCB International, MasterCard Worldwide and Visa Inc.
Saving lives since 1977. Help us continue that effort. DONATE TODAY!
ABOUT Wildlife Rescue’s Vision is that humans come to see that we are members of a vast life community, that we experience the proper gratitude and respect for this community, and that we live in a more appropriate and compassionate manner in relation to the whole.
WRR was founded in 1977 in San Antonio, Texas. Since 2001 its primary base of operations has been located on 212 acres near Kendalia, Texas, a property which was purchased through the generosity of three of our supporters.
LEARN MORE
PRIVACY POLICY
WRR ENEWSEmail (required) *First Name
Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Wildlife Rescue & Rehabilitation. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Wildlife Rescue & Rehabilitation, Inc., 335 Old Blanco Rd, Kendalia, TX, 78027, https://www.wildlife-rescue.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
Contact Wildlife Rescue & Rehabilitation – Kendalia, TX
P.O. Box 369, Kendalia, TX 78027
Phone: 830.336.2725 / Fax: 830.336.3733
Email: info@wildlife-rescue.org
Sanctuary Guide
Google Map
Wildlife Rescue & Rehabilitation – San Antonio, TX
Roger & Phyllis Sherman Animal Care Complex
1354 Basse Rd., San Antonio, TX 78212
Phone: 830.336.2725
Google Map
©2016 Wildlife Rescue & Rehabilitation, Inc. All Rights Reserved.