https://wildernessmedicaltraining.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
These are WMT’s terms and conditions of business and you are agreeing to them with respect to refunds, cancellations etc by making any payment to us. We aim to make these simple and transparent. Please do not make a payment if you do not agree to these terms. You are advised to read these and print them off for reference.
Making a course booking can only be done via our online booking form and secure card payment facility. Some high transaction cost credit cards are not accepted such as some business credit cards and American Express. Please use an alternate card. As soon as you book, check your email and spam folder for a confirmation email and a receipt from wmt AT wildernessmedicaltraining.co.uk. Add this address to your safe sender list.
Hotmail email addresses are not accepted by our online booking system. This is because Hotmail are spam filtering emails sent from the servers which host our database and we have no control over this.
How WMT will communicate with you: all correspondence from WMT will be by email. Detailed pre-course notes, which include travel advice, timings etc, will be automatically emailed to you when you make a booking or will follow on from your booking if that information is not yet available. For some courses, short email updates are also sent. The easiest way to contact WMT is by email wmt @ wildernessmedicaltraining.co.uk
Course places must be paid for at the time of booking by debit/credit card. For some courses a non-refundable deposit will hold your course place. We don’t take “provisional” bookings. All courses usually sell out so you are advised to book in good time to avoid disappointment.
Medics and study leave.
Please don’t pay for a course if you are a medic and do not have leave approved as failure to obtain leave retrospectively is not considered grounds for WMT to consider any amendment to your booking including refunds or a deferment.
Availability. If a course date is listed you can be sure there are places available on the course. As spaces become more limited, a counter will be displayed saying “x places left”.
WMT does not issue pro forma invoices for any course places. Please book and pay online.
Receipts are issued automatically by return email when a booking is made online and if/when any balance payment is made.
VAT. UK based course payments made to WMT include VAT at 20%. Our VAT number is 687 5995 47.
Overseas visitors & VAT: Regardless of where you live outside of the UK (including within the EEC) WMT must charge you VAT to attend a UK based course, with the exception of Glenmore Lodge based courses. The Lodge doesn’t charge VAT and it takes the payments for WMT courses it hosts and therefore you are bound by THEIR terms and conditions.
Cancellations, refunds and deferment policy if you paid the full course fee (different terms apply to the Morocco and Norway expeditions*)
If you paid the full fee and cancel more than 90 days from your course start date WMT will refund your fee less the deposit fee amount (if there is the option to pay a deposit for that course) or less £150 if there isn’t a deposit option
For cancellations within 46-89 days of a course, a refund will be calculated as follows: fee paid less deposit (or minumum £150 if no deposit option) x 50% is refundable.
If you cancel within 45 days of an event no refunds or deferments are permitted
Deposit payments are wholly non-refundable at any time for any reason including failure to obtain leave, industrial action, failed exams, interviews and the like. However, see below regarding “deferments”.
Deposit payments are wholly non-refundable at any time. When a balance payment is coming due, WMT will email you a secure online payment link in good time. If you do not make a timely balance payment or contact WMT after we have sent you multiple reminders, your course place can be cancelled by WMT without warning and your deposit will be forfeited. This is most likely to happen if there is a waiting list for that course.
Deferments are allowed at WMT’s discretion and a charge and/or additional time-bound terms may still apply.
*For the Morocco Expedition, no refunds will be given if you cancel within 60 days of the expedition. For the Norway 2020 expedition, no refunds are given if you cancel after 1st February 2020.
Substitutions and/or reselling of a course place, if you can’t attend, is not permitted.
Under exceptional circumstances, WMT reserves the right to cancel any course for whatever reason and return monies paid without further liability.
Course content and faculty are subject to confirmation.
Re-issue of a certificate.
There is a charge to re-issue a certificate.
What course fees include: all course fees include notes, materials, refreshments and VAT in the UK (VAT not applied to Chamonix/Morocco/Norway events). Some courses include meals or full board and other services/activities. No refunds are apportioned for any unused element of any course. WMT reserves the right to withhold a course certificate if a student, in WMT’s view, fails to attend any significant part of the course.
Insurance: we strongly advise that you have travel insurance in place if you have booked an oversees course or are travelling to the UK for a course in case you have to cancel or cannot attend for an insurable reason, such as bereavement or disruptions caused by Icelandic volcanoes, industrial action, snow storms etc! WMT will not be liable to refund your fee or allow a deferment if you are prevented from travelling to a course for any reason and this is a matter to take up with your insurers. Students on UK courses should strongly consider cancellation insurance; web search course cancellation insurance. Check that any insurance does not exclude “work” trips as some insurers consider attending a course as “work” especially if you’re getting study leave funding or are on paid leave to attend. See this Oct. 2019 blog post about insurance.
Separate terms and conditions apply to private, bespoke course bookings.
Privacy & data protection. WMT is a registered Data Controller under the Data Protection Act 1998 and aims to comply with the 2018 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). When you make a course booking, you are required to add your email address and name to a course database held on a 3rd party server to which only two WMT staff have access. Receipts, pre and post course information is sent to your email address from our database server. We also adds your email address to our MailChimp marketing automation platform. Periodically WMT will email Newsletters and Medical Director’s Bulletins via MailChimp. You can opt out of the MailChimp list at any time and you will still receive important pre and post course emails specific to a course you have booked. Very occasionally, time-critical news (an expedition or hospital job vacancy for example) is emailed from our course database server to specific recent course groups. WMT will never share or sell your data to anyone.
You are advised to print this page for your records as you are accepting and agree to be bound by them if you make a booking.
WMT reserves the right to amend these conditions at any time and they will apply to NEW bookings.
updated October 2019
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Notify me of new posts by email.
Search for:
Search
Sign up for WMT email publications
Email Address*
Phone Number
* = required field
SOCIAL MEDIAFacebook
Instagram
Twitter
Mail
Phone
Fact file
WMT has been delivering courses for 28 years
WMT's instructors are leading medical specialists, great teachers & inspirational people
Medical Director ED consultant Dr Harvey Pynn provides WMT's clinical governance
Students come from all over the world to attend WMT courses in the UK, Chamonix and Morocco
WMT has travelled far & wide - Kenya, Singapore & Beijing for example - to deliver private courses
ABOUT WMTContact WMT
What WMT does
10 Reasons to Choose WMT
WMT’s History
WMT’s Ethos & Team
Directors & Associate Instructors
Publications
Refunds, Full Terms & Conditions, Privacy
EXPLORER COURSESOverview
Schedule
Far From Help
Advanced Medicine
Far From Help Part 2/Advanced Refresher
Expedition Skills
Accreditation – Explorer courses
MEDIC COURSESMedic Courses Overview
All Medic Course Dates
Mountain Medicine on Skis – Chamonix
Mountain Medicine
Expedition Medicine & Field Skills in Chamonix (summer)
Expedition Medic
Expedition Medicine in Chamonix (winter)
Expedition Skills
Morocco Mountain Medicine Expedition
Accreditation – Medic Courses
University of Plymouth accreditation – MSc Global Health (Remote & Rural)
PRIVATE TRAININGPrivate Training Overview
Private Client List
Preparing for Gap Travel
Wilderness Medicine Workshop – 1 day – private training
CONTACT WMT
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Subject (required)
Your Message
KNOWLEDGEAccreditation – Explorer courses
Accreditation – Medic Courses
University of Plymouth accreditation – MSc Global Health (Remote & Rural)
Advice to Nurses, Paramedics & Other Healthcare Professionals
Advice to Universities
Advice to Teachers & Schools
Advice to Medical Students
Advice to Military Personnel
Advice to Film & Media Crews
British Standard for Expeditions (BS8848)
Medical Kits
Medical Director’s Bulletins
Medicines Updates
Outdoor First Aid Courses
Rabies advice – June 2015
Travelling with infants & toddlers
WFR
What is Wilderness Medicine?
ADMIN
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org