https://wildernessmedicaltraining.co.uk/explorer-series-courses/far-from-help-part-2-alumni/
Skip to content
Course outline & key info
For “in-date” alumni only, FFH2 is a two-day course that builds on and refreshes previous WMT training (FFH or Advanced Medicine) by introducing useful invasive skills – those involving needles. Skills taught include wound closure using staples, injecting local anaesthetic into wounds, giving intramuscular injections, moulage/scenario training (usually outdoors), how to reconstitute drugs for injection and how to give fluids subcutaneously to the dehydrated patient via a needle under the skin. Important theory is revisited and there is an end of coures written exam. On completion, delegates are awarded WMT’s gold standard Advanced Medicine certificate that is valid for two years. You must have attended a WMT course in the last two years to attend FFH2 which is taught by doctors.
CourseDatesDetailsFar From Help Part 2/Advanced RefresherFFH2 is for alumni to refresh their invasive skills (injections, stapling wounds, sub-cut fluids). - dates -17 May 2021 - 18 May 20216 Dec 2021 - 7 Dec 2021Pick a date to see course details...Book CourseGlenmore Lodge, Aviemore, ScotlandClick BOOK COURSE to go to Glenmore Lodge's website for more information about accommodation/meal options and their Covid policies. £360Easy2 yearsSingle occupancyMost mealsBook CourseGlenmore Lodge, Aviemore, ScotlandClick BOOK COURSE to go to Glenmore Lodge's website for more information about accommodation/meal options and their Covid policies. £360Easy2 yearsSingle occupancyMost meals
Delegate feedback
All instructors extremely knowledgeable and helpful.Fully comprehensive (re: content and materials)All excellent. Very helpful, easy to understand and very practical (re: instructors)Thank you very much….especially for the great practical sessions.
Target audience
Anyone who has completed any WMT Explorer training in the last two years can attend. You must be “in-date” to attend; we check! Glenmore Lodge courses sell out 2-3 months in advance. Book early or you will need to completely retrain. Excellent training by doctors + comprehensive field manual + POM authorisation = one stop shopping for the solo traveller, families, private teams and up to large expedition teams. FFH2 has been attended by hundreds leaders, travelers, explorers, film crew, overland drivers, climbers, divers, field researchers, university staff and many others.
Important re: WMT @ Glenmore Lodge & Covid-19
WMT courses at the Lodge are administered by them so when you click on the WMT website to book a course you will be redirected to the Lodge website; they take payment and clients are bound by their terms and conditions. VAT is NOT applicable or included in the fee. NB. WMT Glenmore Lodge courses always sell out 2-3 months in advance. Book early! Contact Glenmore directly if you wish to only pay a deposit.
We love working at Glenmore Lodge near Aviemore, Scotland, PH22 1QZ. The facilities, food, accommodation and wild setting at the foot of Cairngorm are amazing. Aviemore is 30 miles and 45 minutes from Inverness airport which is well served with flights from London, Bristol, Manchester, Birmingham and elsewhere. You can get to Aviemore by bus and train from Inverness. Travel to Aviemore by road is very good and scenic as is rail access. Use SKYSCANNER to research flights or visit the Lodge’s useful How to find us page to help plan your journey by all modes.
2021 dates
Currently, we plan to offer FFH2 at Glenmore Lodge 17-18 May and 6-7 December. However, we remain vigilant in monitoring the covid situation and government social distancing rules so that we can respond and deliver training in some form should covid prevent the face to face delivery of courses.
Prescription medicines – POMs
FFH training covers what medical supplies to take and enables you to obtain them for two years post-course through WMT’s pharmacy partner so you can add antibiotics, high altitude medicines, strong pain killers and other useful injectable medicines to your medical kit such as adrenaline vials (much cheaper than EpiPens), dexamethasone, Stemetil, Tramadol, lignocaine and more. WMT’s comprehensive Explorer course manual serves as an essential field aide memoire.
Accreditation
WMT issues a certificate which is valid for two years and accepted by most, if not all, UK NGB awards. See also Accreditation.
Outline programme & content
Courses normally start no earlier than 9am and finish each day by 5.30. The running order and structure of courses may differ depending on the venue and group size but all content will be covered or included in the course manual. Tea/coffee/lunch breaks are taken as required. Food is not provided except on residential courses.
Day 1Introductions and aims of the courseReview of important legal aspectsHistory taking revisitedApproach to illness – pearls and pitfalls:• differentiating the severe headache• approach to chest pain• abdominal problems (appendicitis, hernias, testicular problems)• snake bitePain management – use of intramuscular TramadolCPR practicalAnaphylactic shock – use of adrenaline, Epipen/AnapenIntramuscular injections – practical– reconstitution of drugs– safe handling of “sharps” (dirty needles)Case based discussions• Asthma – spacer use, ventolin regimes• Diabetes – including BM (blood glucose) measurement• Fever – including malariaAdvanced medical kits and supplies – including intramuscular medicinesMedical kit workshop – pulse oximeters, blood glucose measuring devices, malaria rapid diagnostic test and standby treatment, water purification
Day 2ABC approach to traumaAdvanced fracture and dislocation managementPractical sessions:• the broken pelvis – use of pelvic binder• the broken leg – use of Kendrick traction devicePractical sessions:• vehicle extrication & RTA scene safety• triage workshop & practical moulages (illness and accident scenario training)Advanced wound managementWound management – practical:• injecting local anaesthetic• stapling• use of Steristrips & skin glueGiving subcutaneous fluidsUsing OxygenWritten examFinal questions / certificates / feedback & farewell
Subscribe to WMT
Click here to subscribe to WMT Newsletters, Medical Director’s Bulletins and announcements of new course dates.
Downloads
Updated guidance for medical provision for wilderness medicine 2019
ABOUT WMTContact WMT
What WMT does
10 Reasons to Choose WMT
WMT’s History
WMT’s Ethos & Team
Directors & Associate Instructors
Publications
Refunds, Full Terms & Conditions, Privacy
EXPLORER COURSESOverview
Schedule
Far From Help
Advanced Medicine
Far From Help Part 2/Advanced Refresher
Expedition Skills
Accreditation – Explorer courses
MEDIC COURSESMedic Courses Overview
All Medic Course Dates
Mountain Medicine on Skis – Chamonix
Mountain Medicine
Expedition Medicine & Field Skills in Chamonix (summer)
Expedition Medic
Expedition Medicine in Chamonix (winter)
Expedition Skills
Morocco Mountain Medicine Expedition
Accreditation – Medic Courses
University of Plymouth accreditation – MSc Global Health (Remote & Rural)
PRIVATE TRAININGPrivate Training Overview
Private Client List
Preparing for Gap Travel
Wilderness Medicine Workshop – 1 day – private training
CONTACT WMT
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Subject (required)
Your Message
KNOWLEDGEAccreditation – Explorer courses
Accreditation – Medic Courses
University of Plymouth accreditation – MSc Global Health (Remote & Rural)
Advice to Nurses, Paramedics & Other Healthcare Professionals
Advice to Universities
Advice to Teachers & Schools
Advice to Medical Students
Advice to Military Personnel
Advice to Film & Media Crews
British Standard for Expeditions (BS8848)
Medical Kits
Medical Director’s Bulletins
Medicines Updates
Outdoor First Aid Courses
Rabies advice – June 2015
Travelling with infants & toddlers
WFR
What is Wilderness Medicine?
ADMIN
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org