http://wildland.com/privacy-policy
? Request Information        Subscribe to Our Newsletter
DESTINATIONS
TRAVEL STYLES
WILD ALUMNI
ABOUT US
TRAVEL BLOG
call 800.345.4453
SEARCH FOR TRIPS
(Any Region)
Africa
Antarctica
Asia
Caribbean
Central America
Europe
Mediterranean
Middle East
North America
Pacific
South America
(Any Destination)
Alaska
Antarctica
Argentina
Belize
Bhutan
Borneo
Botswana
Brazil
Cambodia
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Ecuador
Ecuador and Galapagos
Egypt
Ethiopia
Ghana
Greece
Guatemala
India
Indonesia
Italy
Jordan
Kenya
Laos
Madagascar
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar ( Burma )
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Panama
Patagonia
Peru
Rwanda
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Tanzania
Thailand
Turkey
Uganda
Vietnam
Zambia
Zimbabwe
(Any Activity)
Archeology
Bird Watching
Cultural Encounters
Cycling
Expedition Voyages
Hiking/Walking
Photography
River Rafting
Safaris
Sea Kayaking/Canoeing
Snorkeling/Scuba Diving
Spa Retreats
Trekking
Wildlife and Natural History
(Any Style)
Adventure Cruise Travel
Anniversary Trips
Culinary & Wine Travel
Currently Featured Trips
Custom & Private Travel
Exploratory Travel
Family Travel
New Trips
Philanthropic Travel
Photography Travel
Romantic Travel
Transformational Travel
Women's Travel
(Any Difficulty)
I
II
III
I-II
II-III
III-IV
IV
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy The Information We Collect How We Use Information Our Commitment To Data Security How to Correct Your Information How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your
privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information
practices and the choices you can make about the way your
information is collected and used. To make this notice
easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and
at every point where personally identifiable information
may be requested. Back to Top  The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted
on Wildland Adventures' website. On various pages within
the site you can reserve a trip, make information requests,
submit payments and register to receive materials. The
types of personal information collected at these pages
are:
Name Address
Email address Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information Passport numbers Health limitations and other personal data necessary
for travel
In the reservation section you can submit information
about other travelers in your party. This information is
used only for reserving and confirming travel arrangements.
On some pages you can submit information about other people.
For example, if you would like another person to receive
a copy of our E-newsletter and want it sent directly to
the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's
email address. In this circumstance, only the recipient’s
name and email address are collected. Back to Top
How We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself only
in the process of reserving and confirming travel arrangements,
as well as to maintain that information for future direct
contact between you and Wildland, initiated by you and/or
Wildland. We do not share this information with outside
parties except to the extent necessary to reserve and confirm
travel arrangements.
We use the information you provide about others in your
party only to reserve and confirm travel arrangements.
We do not share this information with outside parties except
to the extent necessary to reserve and confirm those arrangements.
You can register with our website if you would like to
receive our Wild E-News, which is sent periodically with
travel information, special pricing and trip updates.  Information provided for limited-time promotions (sweepstakes, contests) may be shared with partners of those promotions. See individual sweepstakes/contest rules for details. You may decline to receive any print or email promotional
information by contacting us by phone, fax or email.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable
information provided to us online in ways unrelated to
the ones described above. Back to Top   Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy,
and ensure the correct use of information, we have put
in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect
online.
Back to Top
How You Can Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable
information simply by sending us a request. To protect
your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable
steps to verify your identity before making corrections.
Back to Top
Personal Information
When you interact with us, we automatically receive and store certain types of information, such as the content you view, the date and time that you view this content, the products you purchase, or your location information associated with your IP address. We use the information we collect to serve you more relevant advertisements (referred to as “Retargeting”). This is statistical information used to monitor the usage of our website and for advertising purposes. This information does not include personal information. Back to Top
Cookies
As you visit wildland.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in.  Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with wildland.com. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit the page http://www.adroll.com/about/privacy to opt out of AdRoll and their partners' targeted advertising.  Back to Top
Security
We implement a secure processing server on our site when collecting information to ensure a high level of security for your personal information entered such as bank details and credit card information.  Back to Top
How To Contact Us Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1 (800) 345-4453 or send us an email at info@wildland.com . Back to Top
©
2020
Wildland Adventures, Inc.
Reserve a Trip
Jobs
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Read Our Blog