https://wildfly.co.za/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Home
Terms and Conditions
1. Introduction
These Website Standard Terms and Conditions (these “Terms” or these “Website Standard Terms and Conditions”) contained herein on this webpage, shall govern your use of this website, including all pages within this website (collectively referred to herein below as this “Website”). These Terms apply in full force and effect to your use of this Website and by using this Website, you expressly accept all terms and conditions contained herein in full. You must not use this Website, if you have any objection to any of these Website Standard Terms and Conditions.
This Website is not for use by any minors (defined as those who are not at least 18 years of age), and you must not use this Website if you a minor.
2. Intellectual Property Rights
Other than content you own, which you may have opted to include on this Website, under these Terms, WildFly and/or its licensors own all rights to the intellectual property and material contained in this Website, and all such rights are reserved.
You are granted a limited license only, subject to the restrictions provided in these Terms, for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website,
3. Restrictions
You are expressly and emphatically restricted from all of the following:
publishing any Website material in any media;
selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material;
publicly performing and/or showing any Website material;
using this Website in any way that is, or may be, damaging to this Website;
using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in a way that causes, or may cause, harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website, or while using this Website;
using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing;Certain areas of this Website are restricted from access by you and WildFly may further restrict access by you to any areas of this Website, at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this Website are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality of such information.
You are expressly prohibited from posting or sharing any content of a defamatory or prejudice nature, or any sexually explicit material or any content of a graphic nature that promotes any violence, gender or racial bias. This website and application interface are for the posting, publishing and sharing of fish that has been caught and released only.
4. Your Content
In these Website Standard Terms and Conditions, “Your Content” shall mean any audio, video, text, images or other material you choose to display on this Website. With respect to Your Content, by displaying it, you grant WildFly a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute it in any and all media.
Your Content must be your own and must not be infringing on any third party’s rights. WildFly reserves the right to remove any of Your Content from this Website at any time, and for any reason, without notice.
5. No warranties
This Website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and WildFly makes no express or implied representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website. Additionally, nothing contained on this Website shall be construed as providing consult or advice to you.
6. Limitation of liability
In no event shall WildFly, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, be liable to you for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website, whether such liability is under contract, tort or otherwise, and Wildfly, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Website.
7. Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent WildFly from and against any and all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) arising out of or in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.
8. Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render these Terms unenforceable or invalid as a whole, and such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
9. Variation of Terms
WildFly is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Website you are expected to review such Terms on a regular basis to ensure you understand all terms and conditions governing use of this Website.
10. Assignment
WildFly shall be permitted to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification or consent required. However, you shall not be permitted to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
11. Entire Agreement
These Terms, including any legal notices and disclaimers contained on this Website, constitute the entire agreement between WildFly and you in relation to your use of this Website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings with respect to the same.
12.Returns & Refunds Policy
The provision of goods and services by WILDFLY OUTFITTERS is subject to availability.
Should any product or service not be available WILDFLY OUTFITTERS will refund the client in full within 30 days.
If you’re looking to return or exchange your order for whatever reason, we’re here to help! We offer
returns or exchanges within 15 days of receiving your order. You can return your product for store credit, or exchange it for a different product of the same value
All products carry a manufacturer guarantee or are covered under the Consumer Protection Act of South AfricaPlease note the following exceptions to our return & refund policy:
Discounted items are final & cannot be returned or exchanged
Returned items must have no visible signs of wear or use
Vouchers cannot be returned or exchanged for monetary value
13.Delivery policy
Subject to availability and receipt of payment, requests will be processed within 3 days and delivery confirmed by way of email. All parcels are delivered via a door-to-door service and all tracking information is available on request.
Any Cancellation of any order by the client will be subject to a 15% cancellation fee.
14. Export restriction
The offering on this website is available to SADEC countries only.
15.Customer privacy policy
WILDFLY OUTFITTERS shall take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information of users. For the purpose of this clause, “personal information” shall be defined as detailed in the Promotion of Access to Information Act 2 of 2000 (PAIA). The PAIA may be downloaded from:
http://www.polity.org.za/attachment.php?aa_id=3569
16.Payment options accepted
Payment may be made via Visa or MasterCard credit cards, or by bank transfer into the WILDFLY OUTFITTERS bank account, the details of which will be provided on the confirmation of order email, or on request.
17.Merchant outlet country and transaction currency
The merchant outlet country at the time of presenting payment options to the cardholder is South Africa.
Transaction Currency is South African Rand (ZAR).
18.Responsibility
WILDFLY OUTFITTERS takes responsibility for all aspects relating to the transaction including sale of goods and services sold on this website, customer service and support, dispute resolution and delivery of goods’.
19.Country of domicile
This website is governed by the laws of South Africa and WILDFLY OUTFITTERS chooses South Africa as its domicilium citandi et executandi for all purposes under this agreement, whether in respect of court process, notice, or other documents or communication of whatsoever nature.
20.Variation
WILDFLY OUTFITTERS may, at its sole discretion, change this agreement or any part thereof at any time and update the terms and conditions accordingly.
21.Company information
This website is run by WILDFLY RETAIL (PTY Ltd) based in South Africa trading as WILDFLY OUTFITTERS and with registration number 2002/023214/07
×
WelcomeLogin
Email
Password
Forgot Password?
Don't have an account? Sign Up
×
WelcomeRegister
Thank you for registering.
We will be in contact with you to discuss your membership.
X
X
Please Fill in All The Fields BelowTitle *First Name *Last Name *Email *Mobile NumberParagraph TextMessageSubmit
X
Please Fill in All The Fields BelowTitle *First Name *Last Name *Email *Mobile NumberParagraph TextEmailSubmit
X
Please Fill in All The Fields BelowTitle *First Name *Last Name *Email *Mobile NumberParagraph TextPhoneSubmit
X