https://wilmingtontrailclub.org/about-wtc/wtc-documents/wtc-user-privacy/
Toggle navigation
HOME ACCOUNT JOIN |OVERALL About WTCAWARDSBOOKINGS MANAGEMINEDOCUMENTSEVENTSFORUMSGOVERNANCEHISTORYLOCATIONSMEMBER ADDRESSDIRECTORY (PRINT)DIRECTORY (VIEW)INTERESTSORGANIZATIONSPICTURESVOLUNTEERWEBSITEHIKING About HIKINGCALENDARCATEGORIESDOCUMENTSPICTURESSTATISTICS 15,10 AND 5 YEARSRECENT OVERALLRECENT INDIVIDUALPRIOR YEARSPADDLING About PADDLINGCALENDARDOCUMENTSEQUIPMENTPICTURESPOOL-SESSIONTOURINGTRAININGWHITEWATERCYCLING About CYCLINGCALENDARCUE-SHEETSDOCUMENTSPICTURESSTATISTICSSKIING About SKIINGBULLETINCALENDARDOCUMENTSPICTURES
WTC User PrivacyHome
About WTC
WTC DOCUMENTS
WTC User PrivacyUse back button, to return to last page visited.. The Wilmington Trail Club (WTC) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the WTC Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the WTC website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. Collection of your Personal InformationWTC collects personally identifiable information, such as your name(s), e-mail address(es), phone number(s), and street address. WTC also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your zip code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by WTC. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by WTC for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the WTC Web site.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through WTC public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: WTC does not read any of your private online communications.Attending Wilmington Trail Club programs and events constitutes consent to be photographed for use in print, electronic, and social media to publicize WTC. Images will not be identified by name without prior approval of the individuals in the image. If a member does not desire to have their image used in publicity, please step away from the scene and inform the group that you do not wish to be photographed.WTC encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from WTC so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. WTC is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the WTC and WTC family of Web sites. Use of your Personal InformationWTC collects and uses your personal information to operate the WTC Web site and deliver the services you have requested. WTC also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from WTC and its affiliates. WTC may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.WTC does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. WTC may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, WTC may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to WTC, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.WTC does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.WTC keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within WTC, in order to determine what WTC services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within WTC to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.WTC will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on WTC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of WTC; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of WTC, or the public. Use of CookiesThe WTC Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize WTC pages, or register with WTC site or services, a cookie helps WTC to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same WTC Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the WTC features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the WTC services or Web sites you visit. Security of your Personal InformationWTC secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. WTC secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Changes to this StatementWTC will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. WTC encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how WTC is protecting your information. Contact InformationWTC welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that WTC has not adhered to this Statement, please contact WTC at . We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Site Management Links!Email Your Questions? Membership Chairperson Hiking Chairperson Paddling Chairperson Cycling Chairperson Skiing Chairperson Site Webmaster Other QuestionsWrite: Wilmington Trail Club Inc P.O. Box 526 Hockessin, DE 19707-0526Call: (302) 307-4017 © 2020 Wilmington Trail Club | Assumed Responsibilities | Terms of Use | User Privacy | Designed & created by Schmittworks using WordPress, all rights reserved  WANT MEMBER LOGIN HELP?Please fill out this form and we'll get back to you ASAP.
Thanks for your patience!
~Cyndi Amon
& the WTC Membership Committee
Log in with your credentials or
Create an account
Forgot your details?
Create Account
Register