https://winterhawk.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
SAP Services & Solutions
SAP Security Services
SAP Cyber Security
SAP GRC Solutions
SAP GRC Deployment
SAP GRC Support
SAP GRC Upgrades
SAP Regulations & Content
Transformation
Big Data
Regulatory
Identity
IAM Solutions
IAM Services
Media
About
About us
Directors
Clients
Partners
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Winterhawk Consulting Ltd uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
Winterhawk Consulting Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. We will always seek your consent before using your information, and adhere to the data protection rules defined by the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
Winterhawk Consulting Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. This policy is effective from January 1, 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Business contact information including email address
Demographic information such as region/location, preferences and interests
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
To send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
You may request us to stop processing your information at any time by emailing info@winterhawk.com. In certain circumstances we may need to retain your information for legal obligations.
For the Performance of a Contract
Most of the Personal Data processed by Winterhawk Consulting Ltd is performed on the basis that it is necessary for the performance of an agreement or contract with you, or in order to take steps at the request of the user prior to entering such an agreement. An example of this would be where Winterhawk Consulting Ltd responds to submitted enquiries about our services and agree to service contracts.
Under Legitimate Interest
Winterhawk Consulting Ltd relies upon legitimate interest for other types of processing of your Personal Data pursued by us. Legitimate interests will include where Winterhawk Consulting Ltd sends you marketing about our products and services, where we believe you have a reasonable expectation that we will perform a particular type of processing on your behalf, or where such processing is strictly necessary for fraud detection and prevention.
For Compliance with a Legal Obligation
Winterhawk Consulting Ltd may have to rely on processing your information for legal obligations. An example includes where Winterhawk Consulting Ltd is required to retain business records for fixed periods of time, such as tax records, in order to comply with local legal requirements.
Using Consent
Where Winterhawk Consulting Ltd requires consent in order to collect and process certain Personal Data, we seek your consent at the time of provision, and such processing will only be performed where consent is secured. For example, your consent will be sought where you provide your contact details, or in certain instances where you initiate an enquiry with Winterhawk Consulting Ltd.
Contact us
Want to know what personal information we have related to you? Contact info@winterhawk.com to request your records.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our use of cookies
Once you agree, a file (called a cookie) is added to your web browser. This helps us analyse web traffic and helps you keep track of the sites you visit. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
We use a third-party application called YouTube API Services to deliver our video content to you. YouTube provides an API (Application Programming Interface) that Winterhawk uses to embed our YouTube video channel content on to our website, for our visitors to consume. By embedding the YouTube API Services, YouTube may place cookies on your computer. As YouTube, owned by Google, is a third party, Winterhawk has no control over the cookies or monitoring practices of this third party. For more information on the YouTube API, click here YouTube API. For YouTube’s Privacy Policy (supplied by Google) click here: YouTube (Google) Privacy Policy.
Winterhawk Consulting Ltd uses Google for first-party cookies, namely Google Analytics, to track site and web page visitor statistics and is used to monitor usage and performance information allowing us to ensure that content displayed on the site is relevant.
Cookies on winterhawk.com
This site uses cookies. The table below explains the cookies we use and why. We will not use any of this data to personally identify you.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Google Analytics
_ga
_gat
_gid
These cookies are used to collect information about how you use our website. The information collected includes number of visitors, pages visited and time spent on the website. The information is collected by Google Analytics in aggregated and anonymous form, and we use the data to help us make improvements to the website. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Click here for more information about Google Analytics and your privacy.
YouTube cookies
GPS
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
PREF
IDE
test_cookie
nextId
requests
These cookies are used by YouTube to show you relevant videos, and to collect data on what videos have been viewed.
Cookie banner preferences
_GDPR_cookie_banner_shown
Performance
Functionality
targeting-or-advertising
These cookies are used for the cookie banner to display and to allow you to manage your cookie preferences
Disabling cookies
You can prevent the use of cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Please be aware that some cookies are necessary for the website to function. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of this site and many other sites you visit will then not then work properly as certain functionality and features will have been disabled.For more information about cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
Terms of use
By accessing this site, you agree to the following terms and conditions and other applicable laws. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, please do not use this website.
All the information and material provided on this web site is solely for illustrative purposes. It is not intended to, and does not create any business, contractual or employment relationship with Winterhawk Consulting Ltd. All the information, content, text, images, html code, photography and graphics are the property of Winterhawk Consulting Ltd and may not be copied, reproduced, republished, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without our express, advance, written consent. All trademarks used or referred to in this site are the property of their respective owners.
Links on this site may lead to services or external websites not operated by Winterhawk Consulting Ltd. No judgement or warranty is made with respect to such other services or sites and Winterhawk Consulting Ltd takes no responsibility for such other sites or services. A link to another site or service is not an endorsement of that site or service. Any use you make of the information provided on this site, or any site or service linked to by this site, is at your own risk. This site is provided “as is” and Winterhawk Consulting Ltd expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
In no event shall Winterhawk Consulting Ltd, or any of its employees or contractors, be liable for any damages whatsoever in connection with the information or material on this web site, including but not limited to actual, consequential, direct, exemplary, incidental, indirect, punitive or special damages.