http://wintercamp.com/wc3/privacy.php
Winter Camp UniversePrivacy Policy
Still a tradition despite being ruined hundreds of times since 1977
What's Next?Registration DeadlineSunday, December 20, 2020 at 11:59pmYour Post Office
Login
Pages
Home
Winter Canp XLIII
Winter Canp XLIV
Skunkworks
The Wall
Winter Camp at Home
Calendar
Checklists
Newsfeed
Sections
History
Leader Guide
Media
Planning
References
Trivia
Unconventional
WCFS
Site Stuff
Guestbook
Revisions
Store
WCU Network
Social Media
Instagram
FaceBook
Twitter
Discord
Winter Camp / Wc3 / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
www.wintercamp.com
Winter Camp Universe is committed to respecting and protecting the personal privacy of its members and those who visit its Web site. It is our policy to acquire personal information from users only by overt and voluntary means, only when it is in the interest of the user to provide it, and to utilize this information only for the purpose it was provided.
The information that follows explains the kinds of information this Web site collects, how it is used, the conditions under which it is made available to third parties, and how information is maintained.
What information does this site collect?
This site collects anonymous data that is not indicative of and cannot be traced to an individual without the cooperation of their Internet Service Provider. This data includes information about the user's remote IP address, referral data (which page "linked" to the present request), and the browser software's user-agent string. This information is accepted passively from the HTTP headers that are sent from the user when requesting any file from the server. Other anonymous data entered by the user may be collected in a common repository, including terms entered into the search engine, ZIP codes entered into the council locator, etc.
Personally identifiable data is collected only by means of form interfaces on the site, into which the user must voluntarily enter the information requested. This information is requested only when it is necessary to accomplish the overt purpose indicated by the interface containing the form that requests it. Such for interfaces require only the information reasonably necessary to accomplish the overt purpose indicated on the interface.
No attempt is made to covertly or "quietly" collect personally identifiable information, nor are cookies or any other tracking technology used for the purpose of coordinating information that a user may opt to enter in various interfaces on the site.
What organization is collecting the information?
Information entered by site visitors is retrieved directly by the Winter Camp Universe17612 Herrick StAllen Park, MI
48101
How does Winter Camp Universe use the information it collects?
The anonymous information collected is used to monitor the usage of this Web site and the interests of those who use it. Data such as the volume of traffic to the server, the number of visitors a certain section of the site receives each month, or the most popular search terms are analyzed to derive general statistics about the site's reach and the audience's usage patterns.
Personally identifiable information is used only for the express purpose for which it was submitted. For example, if a user enters their contact information in the "change of address" form for Scouting magazine, the information will be used only to change their address or to correspond with them regarding the change of address.
With whom does Winter Camp Universe share the information that is collected?
Winter Camp Universe does not share personally identifiable information about its web site visitors with anyone.
Reports, statistics, and other analyses of aggregate anonymous information may be shared within the organization or provided to third parties at the sole discretion of Winter Camp Universe. This information does not include any personally identifiable information.
Exception: Winter Camp Universe reserves the right to use all information at its disposal and to share this information with ISPs and other third parties as necessary to investigate any incident of misuse or abuse of its site, server, or information systems.
How does Winter Camp Universe maintain the information it collects?
In most cases, personally identifiable information is not maintained. Once it has been used for its intended purpose, it is deleted. Because of the brevity of this interval, no mechanism is provided to enable users to alter or delete information they have submitted.
Policy Modifications and Deviations
We may modify this privacy policy and will post those changes here. If the privacy policy changes in the future, we will not any personal information you have submitted to us under the current Privacy Policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, without your prior consent.
It may be necessary to deviate from this general policy in unique instances and for specific purposes. In such instances, a link will be provided to a description of the deviation. This link will be placed where it can be reasonably expected to be noticed prior to submitting any information for which this privacy policy is modified or exempted in any way.
This page last updated: November 16, 2020
The contents and layout of this page are Copyright (C) 1997-2020 by Winter Camp Future Society.
Copyright and Privacy Policies are available.
Winter Camp is a chapter activity of Migisi Opawgan Chapter
We are part of
Noquet Lodge
of the Order of the Arrow.
This page is not an official publication of the
Boy Scouts of America