https://wmc-bmwcca.org/about-us/privacy-and-legal/
White Mountain Chapter > About Us > Privacy and Legal
Your privacy is important to us and we will do our best to protect information that you provide us. Information on this site is copyrighted and for club use only.
Privacy
The short version
We won’t give out your e-mail address
We will only use e-mail for Club notices
You can unsubscribe at any time
If mail to you bounces, we’ll drop you from the list
We don’t have to send out mailings
Don’t send SPAM to addresses listed on this site
The long version
We respect your privacy and as such, will only use electronic mail addresses, provided to us, for White Mountain Chapter business only.
The electronic mailing list we maintain is for use by White Mountain Chapter Officers and Staff and will not be sold or given to Sponsors, Advertisers, or any third party.
The mailing list we maintain, is an “opt-in” system, where members and guests can subscribe to the list. For members that provide their electronic mail address as part of joining the BMW Car Club of America, we will automatically invite them to “opt-in”. All subscribers can choose to “opt-out” at any time.
Individual electronic mail addresses may be removed from the mailing list at any time, without notice, at the discretion of the White Mountain Chapter. This will usually occur, when electronic mail message delivery fails (bounces).
By its very nature, electronic mail delivery is “best effort” and is not guaranteed. The White Mountain Chapter makes no guarantee of delivery of messages and cannot be held liable for any failure to deliver electronic mail messages to subscribers to the mailing list. There also is no obligation for the White Mountain Chapter to send an electronic mail notification for any Chapter business.
The electronic mail addresses that are available on this web site are not intended for commercial use, such as unsolicited Commercial e-mail, also known as spam or junk e-mail. Inappropriate use of these electronic mail addresses will be considered theft of service.
Legal
The short version
This site is for club use
We aren’t responsible if you take our advice and break your car
This site is “G” rated
You can link to our site
If you want to use anything from this site, just ask us
The long version
White Mountain Chapter, BMW Car Club of America, Inc. (“White Mountain Chapter”) and its contents remain the property of the White Mountain Chapter.
Unless otherwise noted, all information furnished herein is provided by the membership of the White Mountain Chapter and is primarily intended for members of the White Mountain Chapter.
The White Mountain Chapter assumes no liability for any of the information contained herein. The ideas, opinions and suggestions expressed in the White Mountain Chapter newsletter and web site are those of the authors and no authentication is implied.
Unless otherwise noted, none of the information in the White Mountain Chapter newsletter and web site is “factory approved”. Modifications within the warranty period of your car may void the warranty.
All trademarks and registered trademarks are property of their respective holders.
Written permission is not required to link to any page on this web site.
Ask for written permission to reproduce any words or images published on the White Mountain Chapter web site. If written permission is given, full credit must be given to the author and the White Mountain Chapter, BMW Car Club of America, Inc.
Calendar Nothing from December 11, 2020 to March 11, 2021.
Recent News
December Chapter Election Meeting
December 10, 2020
BMW X3 Raffle!
November 6, 2020
Audi Club Scavenger Hunt Drive
September 26, 2020
September Board Meeting
September 24, 2020
Copyright © 2020 | WordPress Theme by MH Themes