http://woodlandacres.com/terms-policy/
Terms & Policy
Woodland Acres Campground Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to your Privacy
Woodland Acres is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that your visit to our website is completely secure.  If you have any questions or problems with any aspect of our privacy policy or its implementation, please contact us.
Security of your Personal Information
To maintain the security of your information, we use the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol with 128-bit or higher encryption strength to transmit sensitive information.  This is the same technology used in transmitting sensitive information by banks, governments, and online businesses such as Amazon.com and eBay.
Once the information is in our system, it is accessible to authorized Woodland Acres personnel only.  We strictly enforce our privacy policies with our employees and any breach of this policy will result in termination and the pressing of criminal charges where there are grounds.
How we use your Personal Information
Your personal information will be used to provide you with the requested products and services.  This includes the use of information for completing transactions or communicating back to you.  Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not used for any other purpose.
We may also use personal information in a manner that does not identify you specifically nor allow you to be contacted but does identify certain criteria about our Site’s users in general (such as we may inform third parties about the number of registered users, number of unique visitors, and the pages most frequently browsed).
Who we share your Personal Information with
We will NOT sell, trade or rent your name or personal information to anyone else.  We DO NOT sell, trade, rent or provide outside access to our mailing list at all.
Woodland Acres will not release your personal information to authorities unless required by law, search warrant, court order, subpoena, or fraud investigation.
Except as otherwise stated in this policy, Woodland Acres will share your information with third parties only to the extent necessary to provide the services and products requested by you.  All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Collection of your Personal Information
Woodland Acres only saves such personal information that is necessary for you to access and use our services.  This personal information includes, but is not limited to, first and last name, email address, phone number, other payment processing information and document creation data.  Woodland Acres will store such personal information until you formally request its deletion in writing, or Woodland Acres otherwise deletes that personal information in accordance with its decisions or internal policies.
Are Cookies Used on the Site?
Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than 10 minutes, we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off.
Links:
Our website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another website. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process requests and to send information and updates pertaining to requests.
Send you additional information related to your request
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails:
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
Contacting Us:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Woodland Acres Campground
33 Woodland Acres Drive
Brownfield, Maine 04010 USA
info@woodlandacres.com
207-935-2529
Terms of ServiceIntroduction:
Welcome to www.woodlandacres.com. This website is owned and operated by JRP Enterprises, Inc., d/b/a Woodland Acres Campground. By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide, you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following terms and conditions as stated in this policy (hereafter referred to as ‘User Agreement’).
This agreement is in effect as of November 13, 2017.
We reserve the right to change this User Agreement from time to time without notice. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this User Agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications. Your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified terms and conditions.
Responsible Use and Conduct:
By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide for you, either directly or indirectly (hereafter referred to as ‘Resources’), you agree to use these Resources only for the purposes intended as permitted by (a) the terms of this User Agreement, and (b) applicable laws, regulations and generally accepted online practices or guidelines.
Wherein, you understand that:
a.  To access our Resources, you may be required to provide certain information about yourself (such as identification, contact details, etc.) as part of the registration process, or as part of your ability to use the Resources. You agree that any information you provide will always be accurate, correct, and up to date.
b.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any login information associated with any account you use to access our Resources. Accordingly, you are responsible for all activities that occur under your accounts.
c.  Accessing (or attempting to access) any of our Resources by any means other than through the means we provide, is strictly prohibited. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of our Resources through any automated, unethical or unconventional means.
d.  Engaging in any activity that disrupts or interferes with our Resources, including the servers and/or networks to which our Resources are located or connected, is strictly prohibited.
e.  Attempting to copy, duplicate, reproduce, sell, trade, or resell our Resources is strictly prohibited.
f.  You are solely responsible any consequences, losses, or damages that we may directly or indirectly incur or suffer due to any unauthorized activities conducted by you, as explained above, and may incur criminal or civil liability.
g.  We may provide various open communication tools on our website, such as blog comments, blog posts, public chat, forums, message boards, newsgroups, product ratings and reviews, various social media services, etc. You understand that generally we do not pre-screen or monitor the content posted by users of these various communication tools, which means that if you choose to use these tools to submit any type of content to our website, then it is your personal responsibility to use these tools in a responsible and ethical manner. By posting information or otherwise using any open communication tools as mentioned, you agree that you will not upload, post, share, or otherwise distribute any content that:
i)  Is illegal, threatening, defamatory, abusive, harassing, degrading, intimidating, fraudulent, deceptive, invasive, racist, or contains any type of suggestive, inappropriate, or explicit language;
ii)  Infringes on any trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary right of any party;
iii)  Contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising;
iv)  Impersonates any person or entity, including any www.woodlandacres.com employees or representatives.
We have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that, we feel in our judgment does not comply with this User Agreement, along with any content that we feel is otherwise offensive, harmful, objectionable, inaccurate, or violates any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks. We are not responsible for any delay or failure in removing such content. If you post content that we choose to remove, you hereby consent to such removal, and consent to waive any claim against us.
h.  We do not assume any liability for any content posted by you or any other 3rd party users of our website. However, any content posted by you using any open communication tools on our website, if it doesn’t violate or infringe on any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks, becomes the property of www.woodlandacres.com, and as such, gives us a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, publish, publicly display and/or distribute as we see fit. This only refers and applies to content posted via open communication tools as described, and does not refer to information that is provided as part of the registration process, necessary to use our Resources.
i.  You agree to indemnify and hold harmless www.woodlandacres.com and its parent company and affiliates, and their directors, officers, managers, employees, donors, agents, and licensors, from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of this User Agreement or the failure to fulfill any obligations relating to your account incurred by you or any other person using your account. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this User Agreement. In such event, you shall provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.
Limitation of Warranties:
By using our website, you understand and agree that all Resources we provide are “as is” and “as available”. This means that we do not represent or warrant to you that:
i)  the use of our Resources will meet your needs or requirements.
ii)  the use of our Resources will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from errors.
iii)  the information obtained by using our Resources will be accurate or reliable, and
iv)  any defects in the operation or functionality of any Resources we provide will be repaired or corrected.
Furthermore, you understand and agree that:
v)  any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of our Resources is done at your own discretion and risk, and that you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer or other devices for any loss of data that may result from the download of such content.
vi)  no information or advice, whether expressed, implied, oral or written, obtained by you from www.woodlandacres.com, its parent company and affiliates, and their directors, officers, managers, employees, donors, agents, and licensors or through any Resources we provide shall create any warranty, guarantee, or conditions of any kind, except for those expressly outlined in this User Agreement.
Limitation of Liability:
In conjunction with the Limitation of Warranties as explained above, you expressly understand and agree that any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid, if any, for use of products and/or services. Therefore, www.woodlandacres.com will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary loss or damages which may be incurred by you because of using our Resources, or because of any changes, data loss or corruption, cancellation, loss of access, or downtime to the full extent that applicable limitation of liability laws apply.
Copyrights/Trademarks:
All content and materials available on www.woodlandacres.com, including but not limited to text, graphics, website name, code, images and logos are the intellectual property of www.woodlandacres.com, and are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. Any inappropriate use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of any content on this site is strictly prohibited, unless specifically authorized by www.woodlandacres.com.
Termination of Use:
You agree that we may, at our sole discretion, suspend or terminate your access to all or part of our website and Resources with or without notice and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of this User Agreement. Any suspected illegal, fraudulent or abusive activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. Upon suspension or termination, your right to use the Resources we provide will immediately cease, and we reserve the right to remove or delete any information that you may have on file with us, including any account or login information.
Governing Law:
This website is controlled by www.woodlandacres.com from our offices located in the state of Maine, USA. It can be accessed by most countries around the world. As each country has laws that may differ from those of Maine, by accessing our website, you agree that the statutes and laws of Maine, without regard to the conflict of laws and the United Nations Convention on the International Sales of Goods, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this website and the purchase of any products or services through this site.
Furthermore, any action to enforce this User Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in USA, Maine. You hereby agree to personal jurisdiction by such courts, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
Guarantee:
UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSED, WWW.WOODLANDACRES.COM EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions or comments about these our Terms of Service as outlined above, you can contact us in writing at:
Woodland Acres Campground
33 Woodland Acres Drive
Brownfield, Maine 04010
USA
Menu
Keep In TouchJoin our mailing list!
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!