https://worldofbeer.com/termsandconditions
Careers
Party At Wob
International
Accessibility Statement
Locations
Order Now
Menus
Beer
Rewards
Careers
Gift Cards
Franchising
Contact Us
Enter Your ZIP For Menus
Search
Location Details
Change Location:
Enter Your ZIP For Menus & Promos
Search
World of Beer Rewards WOB Rewards Term and Conditions
To help World of Beer Rewards (the “WOB Rewards”) program members fully understand the WOB Rewards’ special services, benefits and awards, the following Terms and Conditions have been prepared as a reference. These provisions will govern participation in the WOB Rewards program, and it is the member’s responsibility to read and understand all of them. World of Beer Franchising, Inc. (“WOB”) may change the WOB Rewards rules, conditions, benefits, or awards pertaining to the WOB Rewards at any time without notice. WOB Rewards partner awards (if any), and associated benefits may be subject to taxes. Any required disclosure and tax liability are each member’s sole responsibility. Membership in the WOB Rewards, the awarding and redemption of WOB Rewards offers are void where prohibited by law and are subject to applicable government regulations. These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the State of Florida. These Terms and Conditions may only be modified in writing by WOB. You may access updated Terms and Conditions of WOB Rewards at https://worldofbeer.com/termsandconditions.
General Terms and Conditions
1. These Terms and Conditions May Change. WOB may, among other things: change earning ability, withdraw, limit, modify or cancel any award, cancel or change partner awards, increase the WOB Rewards requirements to redeem any award, modify or regulate the transferability of WOB Rewards benefits. WOB Rewards enrollment may take up to seven business days. No retroactive WOB Rewards benefits will be awarded.
2. Eligibility. In order to enroll in the WOB Rewards, you must be at least twenty-one (21) years of age and a legal resident of the fifty (50) United States or the District of Columbia. You must also have online access, a valid email address and phone number. Individuals are only eligible to have one WOB Rewards membership. Memberships cannot be shared or combined by more than one person. Corporations, associations, or groups cannot enroll in WOB Rewards.
3. Enrollment in the WOB Rewards. There are three ways to enroll in the WOB Rewards: (a) online by visiting the WOB Rewards homepage at https://worldofbeer.com/wobrewards; (b) via the WOB Mobile App available at the Google Play or App Stores; or (c) at a participating World of Beer Bar & Kitchen. To register at a Bar & Kitchen, you simply need to ask your server or bartender for information. Click here to locate a participating World of Beer Bar & Kitchen closest to you. Important: Although you can enroll at participating World of Beer Bar & Kitchens, your cards must be registered on-line or through our app in order for you to receive/redeem rewards.
You must complete all the registration form, including non-optional fields, including your full name, address, city, state, zip code, email address, phone number and birthday. If you currently have an account with WOB, log into your account and confirm your personal information to register.
4. Earning Benefits: WOB Rewards Members earn credit towards a reward by spending money on eligible purchases at participating WOB Bar & Kitchens. Each time you visit and pay for your purchase with a registered WOB Rewards Card or the World of Beer Mobile App, you will earn one (1) dollar towards a reward per $1 spent on the purchase. WOB Rewards members earn credit on alcohol purchases, where legal. State & local restrictions apply. In the event state or local restrictions prohibit or otherwise restrict the granting of rewards on alcohol purchases, no credit will be awarded for such purchases. WOB Rewards members at locations in the following states cannot earn credit on alcohol purchases: AL, CA, IN, MA, NC, OH and TX. World of Beer International locations and non-traditional sites such as airports/concessions are excluded from the WOB Rewards program. Reward credit will not be awarded for gift card purchases and may not be awarded in connection with promotional discounts and offers.
Credit towards a reward will appear on member’s WOB Rewards Account within twenty-four (24) hours after the member’s payment is processed with a registered WOB Rewards Card or the World of Beer Mobile App. If a member does not receive credit for your purchase after 48 hours, please contact us at loyalty@wobfranchising.com. Members can view their reward progress via the Mobile App.
Credit earned towards a reward has no cash value and expires thirteen (13) months after the date on which they were earned.
5. WOB Challenges and Badges: WOB Rewards members may also participate in WOB Challenges to obtain Badges, rewards or other prizes. WOB Challenges and eligible Badges will be posted on the WOB Rewards website and the WOB Mobile App. Reward(s) and/or prize(s) will be identified in connection with the WOB Challenge or Badge posting.
6. Benefits:
WOB Rewards members receive the following benefits:
A $5 reward for signing up
A $5 reward for every $75 spent
A birthday reward of a free beer or shareable food item, where legal, received 7 days before your birthday and expiring 7 days after
Be recognized and rewarded for exploring new beers
Participate in exclusive challenges
Earn badges
Receive special offers
Members will be notified via the following channels push notification (if opted into on your mobile device), email listed in the WOB Rewards registration (if the Member opts in email updates), updates on the WOB Rewards member’s app and/or web profiles when the WOB Rewards member is eligible to receive rewards. To redeem a reward, WOB Rewards members must present their WOB Rewards card or mobile app to redeem rewards for eligible food and beverage purchases at participating WOB Bar & Kitchens. Members may combine multiple rewards in one redemption, provided that the combination of multiple rewards does not exceed fifty (50%) of the total check. Rewards may not be used to purchase gift cards. State and local restrictions vary by each location, and WOB reserves the right to restrict redemptions of rewards in order to comply with state and local laws and regulations. WOB Rewards members cannot redeem rewards on alcohol purchases at locations in the following states: AL, CA, IL, IN, MA, NC, OH, SC AND TX. Partial Rewards will not be issued. If a full Reward is not used when redeemed, no remaining balance will be refunded nor will any remaining balance be available for application toward future purchases.
Unless otherwise stated, Rewards (including Challenge Rewards) expire thirty (30 days) after issuance.
7. Termination of WOB Rewards. The WOB Rewards may continue until such time as WOB at its sole discretion elects to designate a WOB Rewards termination date. WOB has the right to end the WOB Rewards by providing written notice to then Active Members thirty (30) days in advance. All WOB Rewards benefits in the account will be forfeited thirty (30) days after the written notification. An “Active Member” is a member that has received WOB Rewards benefits and has provided and maintained a valid e-mail address/phone number. If you fail to maintain an active, valid email address/phone number, WOB reserves the right to inactive your account. If your account is inactivated, you will no longer be an Active Member and all WOB Rewards benefits will be forfeited thirty (30) days after you cease to be an Active Member. If you wish to be a member in the WOB Rewards after you cease to be an Active Member, you must create a new WOB Rewards account.
8. Termination of Membership. WOB may discontinue membership for any member who acts in an abusive manner (including but not limited to abusive behavior targeted at WOB employees, affiliates or abusive behavior via social media) or in a manner inconsistent with local, state or federal laws. Discontinued membership under this Section will result in the immediate loss of all accumulated WOB Rewards benefits and the WOB Rewards account will be closed. We also reserve the right to deny future membership if we deem your conduct to violate these Terms and Conditions. Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with these Terms and Conditions will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.
9. Transfer of WOB Rewards Benefits. WOB Rewards membership has no cash value and is not valid if obtained from unauthorized parties, including without limitation, internet auction sites. The transfer, sale or barter of WOB Rewards benefits, and partner awards or benefits other than by WOB is prohibited. WOB Rewards benefits or partner awards that have been transferred, sold or assigned for such purposes may be confiscated or canceled. WOB Rewards accounts are for member’s benefit only and are not transferable to another person for any reason including death, divorce or inheritance.
10. Privacy Policy. The information you provide as a member of the WOB Rewards will be handled according to the WOB Privacy Policy. https://worldofbeer.com/privacy
11. Account Information. For information about your membership, simply log-on to your account online, contact WOB by e-mail at loyalty@wobfranchising.com
12. Updates to Terms and Conditions. We may, in our discretion, change these Terms and Conditions, the WOB Privacy Policy, or any aspect of the WOB Rewards membership. If any change to these terms is found invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that change is severable and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining changes or conditions. YOUR CONTINUED MEMBERSHIP AFTER WE CHANGE THESE TERMS CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY CHANGES, YOU MUST CANCEL YOUR MEMBERSHIP.
13. Limitation of Liability. IN ADDITION TO OTHER LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE WOB REWARDS PROGRAM. OUR TOTAL LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT YOU SPENT ON QUALIFYING PURCHASES IN THE MOST RECENT TWELVE-MONTH PERIOD. THESE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AND WILL SURVIVE CANCELLATION OR TERMINATION OF YOUR MEMBERSHIP. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
14. Dispute Resolution. In consideration for participating in the WOB Rewards, except for intellectual property claims, you agree that if you have a dispute with WOB about the WOB Rewards, you will try to resolve the dispute through negotiation with WOB. If agreement cannot be reached through negotiation, you agree to seek resolution on an individual basis only through binding arbitration in the State of Florida and that the laws of the State of Florida will govern the substantive resolution of the matter. If for any reason a claim proceeds outside of binding arbitration, the laws of the State of Florida will govern.
15. Third Party Contact, Products and Services (including Advertising and Promotions). WOB may provide third party content on the WOB Rewards website and/or mobile app (including embedded content) and links to web pages and content of third parties, including WOB branded, co-branded and/or our franchisee(s)’ content and/or webpages (collectively, “Third Party Content”). WOB does not control endorse or adopt any Third Party Content including the advertisements or promotions of any third party, and inclusion of, any link to and/or reference to Third Party Content does not imply WOB’s endorsement, affiliation or adoption of the Third Party Content and WOB makes no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. When you visit other sites via Third Party Content, or participate in promotions or business dealings with third parties, these Terms and other policies applicable to the WOB Rewards program no longer apply, and the terms and policies of the third party sites govern. It is your responsibility to determine when you are accessing Third Party Content. You acknowledge and agree WOB is not responsible or liable in any manner for Third Party Content.
16. Responsible Drinking. WOB reserves the right to refuse alcohol service or the awarding of Tokens to any WOB Rewards member who cannot provide proper identification to verify age or who appears intoxicated. Please drink responsibly.