https://wustenbergerland.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
YOUR PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
SECURITY
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via this website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, Wustenbergerland.com will never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18. Under our Terms of Service, children under 18 are not allowed to access our service.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
When visiting Wustenbergerland.com, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of Wustenbergerland.com, then you may contact us HERE. You may also call us at (661) 904-4737.
Want to Learn More?
Contact Us Today!
(661) 904-4737
Full name:*Phone number:*Email address:*
Additional comments:CAPTCHA
Call Now
We use cookies to make our website optimal for you and to continuously improve it. By continuing to use the site, you consent to the use of cookies.Got It!Privacy policy