http://wwoofusa.org/how-it-works/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
The WWOOF movement needs you! We are building a new worldwide common WWOOF platform. Please support this projectto make it a reality.
Dismiss
Support Organic Farmers: Shop the WWOOF Host Holiday Gift Guide
Dismiss
Sign Up As a Host
As a WWOOFer
Log In
Terms and Conditions
WWOOF-USA Membership Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING “JOIN” OR BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE AND ALL TERMS INCLUDED BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES.
These Terms of Use may be changed at any time by WWOOF-USA without notice. Your continued access and use of this website will mean that you agree to be bound by the most current version of the Terms of Use. Please check these terms and conditions periodically for any changes.
The intention of these conditions is that both parties have a full and mutual understanding between them for an enjoyable and fulfilling WWOOF experience.
Membership Terms & Conditions
WWOOF-USA's function is limited to providing the current host and WWOOFer directory to members. WWOOF-USA cannot accept responsibility for injury, loss, or damage. By joining, you agree to release, indemnify, assume the defense of (if requested), and hold harmless WWOOF-USA and its directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all liability, loss, wage claims, workers compensation claims, damages, costs or expense (including travel expenses or attorney's fees).  You are aware of local, state and federal labor laws, which apply to you, and will be in compliance with them. You agree to produce suitable identification for membership verification upon request.
WWOOFers: By joining WWOOF-USA, you  agree to the following: You will contact each host you would like to visit in advance, and to leave immediately if requested to do so. In addition, you understand that you are solely responsible for all of your transportation to and from the host, regardless of the circumstances.  Please read section 5 for additional WWOOFer terms.
Hosts: By joining WWOOF-USA, you agree to the following: You will follow the WWOOF host guidelines (section 4.1).  You recognize that WWOOFing is a cultural and educational exchange, and not a labor source. You understand that it is your responsibility to investigate farmer, homeowner, and other insurance options to find the best fit for your needs. Please read section 4 for additional host terms.
By joining, all members further agree to follow WWOOF’s membership guidelines: WWOOFers spend about half of each day helping out on a host farm, learn about organic farming and sustainable agriculture, and receive room and board during their visit – with no money exchanged between hosts and WWOOFers.
General Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy: We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
We’ve updated our Privacy Policy to take into account the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Transparency: We’ve provided additional details about the information we collect and how we use that information. We’ve also explained your choices and the control you have over your information.
Functionality: We may provide you with the ability to access and request correction or deletion of your personal information. This Policy applies to our use of any and all data collected by us in relation to your use of Our Site. Please read the Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it.
Delivery Policy: Host memberships are reviewed and activated within 1-5 business days; WWOOFer memberships are activated immediately upon receiving payment. Once activated, both memberships provide access to create a profile and view the full online member directory, allowing hosts and WWOOFers to connect for opportunities to learn about sustainable agriculture in USA.
Refund Policy: A refund may be available up to 30 days from purchase date based on a case-by-case review upon request. If any membership policies have been violated within these 30 days then you void your right to a refund.
Pricing: WWOOFer membership price is $40 (single) or $65 (couple) providing display of your profile on the WWOOFer directory and access to the online host directory for 1 year from date of purchase. Host membership price is $20-50 (sliding scale) providing display of your profile on the host directory and access to online WWOOFer directory for 1 year.
Responsibility: The responsibility of WWOOF-USA is limited to providing a means of contact between hosts and WWOOFers. Any arrangements made are entirely the members’ own responsibility.
Full organization name: Worldwide Opportunities on Organic Farms, USA (WWOOF-USA)
1. Eligibility, Registration, and Profiles
1.1 You must be at least 18 years old to access or use the Services. By registering to use our Services, you represent that you are over 18.
1.2 In order to become a member of WWOOF-USA, you will need to register for an account and create a profile. You agree to (a) provide accurate, truthful, current and complete information when creating your profile; (b) maintain and promptly update your profile information; (c) maintain the security of your profile by protecting your password and restricting access to your profile; (d) promptly notify WWOOF-USA if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches related to the Services; and (e) take responsibility for all activities that occur on your profile and accept all risks of any authorized or unauthorized access.
1.3 Safety and Security.  For the safety and security of all members, WWOOF-USA does not allow sex offenders or convicted felons to participate in the WWOOF program, unless they apply to us prior to application during the Safety and Security stage of registration. If we receive notification that you are in violation of this policy, we reserve the right to revoke your membership immediately.  If a potential member feels that their circumstances warrant further consideration, we request you provide a written explanation to:
. This information will be reviewed by a committee with regard to the safety of our members. Failure to provide further explanation, falsification, or omission of data will result in denial of or revocation of membership.
1.4 WWOOF profiles are not transferable. You may only share a profile if you register for a couple account. Each individual WWOOFer must use their legal name when registering for identification purposes. Names on the accounts cannot be changed. The only other allowance of a shared account is when minors wish to WWOOF with their parent or legal guardian. Not properly registering everyone in your party is cause for membership revocation. In order to preserve member accountability, no member may have more than one account. If an account expires and a member wishes to renew, they must renew their previous account. Members should notify WWOOF-USA of account theft or of unauthorized use.
1.5 Visas and Immigration. If you are traveling to the USA as a foreign national, please be aware that WWOOF-USA cannot help you obtain a visa and you are responsible for understanding the laws when you enter the country. WWOOF-USA is not responsible for any problems you may experience with immigration. For more information, please see our FAQs.
1.6 Insurance. WWOOFers are encouraged to have travel, medical, or other adequate insurance, and hosts may ask WWOOFers if they have any coverage before they arrive. Additionally, most hosts have some types of coverage in their homeowner’s policy, however WWOOF is not an expert on insurance, so can’t give advice. You acknowledge that you assume responsibility for any risks.
1.7 You agree to respect members' privacy, gender, and personal and human rights and freedoms at all times.
2. Interaction with Other Members
2.1 You Have Sole Responsibility When Interacting with Other Members. WWOOF’s function is limited to supplying the current directory so that members can learn about one another, communicate and arrange visits. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other members of our Services. We do not monitor interactions between you and other members as a matter of course and have no obligation to do so.  We do however reserve the right to do so if we wish.
2.2 Identity Verification. We cannot and do not confirm each member’s identity. You are solely responsible for determining the identity and suitability of others with whom you may interact through our Services. WWOOF-USA does not represent or warrant that our tools are sufficient to determine whether it is appropriate for you to interact with another member. Further, we do not endorse any persons who use or register for our Services. We do not investigate or verify any member’s reputation, conduct, morality, criminal background, or any information members may submit to the Services. We encourage you to take precautions when interacting with other members, particularly when meeting a stranger in person for the first time. Furthermore, you agree to produce suitable identification if requested by a host or WWOOFer for membership verification.
2.3 Release.  WWOOF-USA’s function is limited to providing members with access to current directory of members and that WWOOF-USA cannot accept responsibility for injury, loss, or damage. You agree to release, indemnify, assume the defense of (if requested), and hold harmless WWOOF-USA and its directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all liability, loss, wage claims, workers compensation claims, damages, costs or expense (including travel expenses or attorney’s fees).
3. Member Content and Conduct
3.1 Member Content. The WWOOF-USA website includes interactive areas such as your profile and the forums where you or other members can create, post or store content, messages, materials, photos, or other items or materials on the Services (collectively, “Member Content”). You are solely responsible for your use of such interactive areas and agree that your use of these areas is at your own risk.
3.2 Member Content Restrictions. You are solely responsible for any Member Content that you submit, post or transmit via our Services. WWOOF-USA does not permit content to be posted that contains personal attacks or insults, profanity, inappropriate, illegal, lewd, or unrelated content, hate speech, sexual references, intentionally inflammatory rhetoric, or defamation (including libel).  Additionally, we do not permit content to be posted that:
contains personal contact information such as name, phone number, websites, etc in profile descriptions since these are visible to the public;
contains unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations, without our prior written consent;
contains private or personal information about another person, unless such person has agreed to the disclosure of this information;
contains viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files viruses, cancel bots, Trojan horses, harmful code, flood pings, denial-of-service attacks, packet or IP spoofing, forged routing or electronic mail address information or similar methods or technology;
may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party. By posting Member Content, you represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to distribute and reproduce such Member Content; or any third party.
We do not monitor Member Content as a matter of course.  If you become aware of Member Content that violates these Terms, you may contact us directly to report. We may, in our sole discretion, edit, remove or delete any Member Content without notice but are not obliged to do so.
3.3 Member Conduct. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to act responsibly, exercise good judgment and you agree not to:
use the Services in violation of any applicable law or regulation, including promoting, participating in, or encouraging any illegal activity;
infringe the rights of any third party, including without limitation, intellectual property, privacy, publicity or contractual rights;
use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other members from fully enjoying the Services or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of the Services in any manner;
use our Services in connection with the distribution of spam (which we define as unsolicited bulk e-mail or any other unsolicited messages of a commercial, religious, romantic or political or other nature not within the intended purposes of the Services);
stalk, intimidate, threaten or otherwise harass or cause discomfort to any other member of our Services or WWOOF-USA employee;
collect or store any information about any other member other than as permitted on our Services;
publish or publicize the personal information of other WWOOF-USA members (including name, address, or other private details) without the prior permission of that member;
use our Services for any commercial purpose whatsoever, unless with prior written consent from WWOOF USA;
impersonate any person or entity, or falsify or otherwise misrepresent yourself or your affiliation with any person or entity, whether by providing or omitting to provide information;
circumvent or attempt to defeat any security or verification measure relating to use of the Services;
assist any third party in doing any of the foregoing.
3.4 Respect. You further agree to be respectful to hosts, WWOOFers, the host family and their property, and WWOOF-USA employees.
3.5 Respond. In an effort to encourage good communication between members of the Service, you agree to respond to all reasonable messages from other members.  You also acknowledge that your response to messages will be displayed on your profile page as your response rate and time.
4. Host Terms
4.1 As a WWOOF-USA host, you further agree to support and practice the WWOOF Hosting Guidelines:
Practice organic or sustainable growing methods.
Provide an educational experience and share knowledge with WWOOFers.
Provide adequate food for three meals per day.
Provide suitable and sanitary living accommodations.
Ask WWOOFers to help for no more than half a day (between 4-6 hours), 5.5 days per week.
Keep your profile up-to-date with accurate and detailed information about WWOOFer activities.
4.2 In addition to practicing organic or sustainable growing methods, you agree to the humane treatment of any animals on your property and understand that reports of animal neglect may be cause for membership cancellation.
4.3 You further agree to disclose on your profile and in communication with WWOOFers if your host farm is also a religious or spiritual organization. You will also disclose if any religious practices, events or behaviors are required of visitors to the farm.
5. WWOOFER Terms
As a WWOOFer, you additionally confirm the following:
5.1 You are solely responsible for all of your transportation to and from the host’s location, regardless of the circumstances.
5.2 You agree to contact each host you would like to visit in advance to arrange a stay, and to leave immediately if requested to do so.
5.3 YOU AGREE TO NOTIFY HOSTS WELL IN ADVANCE IF DUE TO UNFORESEEN CIRCUMSTANCES YOU CANNOT HONOR YOUR COMMITMENT TO VISIT THEM. If you are a ‘no-show’, hosts may leave negative reviews and ratings on your profile page and in the forums.  Additionally, you understand that WWOOF may cancel your membership if we receive reports of 3 no-shows.
6. Termination
We may, at our sole discretion and with or without a refund, with or without cause (any such cause may include your breach of the WWOOF-USA Terms and Conditions), and with or without prior notice: (1) Cancel your access to our services, (b) Block or remove your membership and profile and all related information and files.
7. Reporting Misconduct
If you interact with anyone through our Services who you feel is acting or has acted inappropriately, including but not limited to offensive, violent or sexually inappropriate behavior, who steals from you or engages in any other disturbing conduct, we strongly encourage you to immediately report such person to the appropriate authorities and to us by contacting us on feedback@wwoofusa.org. Please note that although we encourage you to report misconduct, we are not responsible or liable for our members’ actions and we are not obligated to take any action.
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
© WWOOF- USA TERMS OF USE