https://www.lakecamancheresort.com/terms-conditions
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions
Home/Terms & Conditions
Reservations
May through September, there is a 2-night minimum stay in all lodging on a regular weekend or a 3-night minimum on a holiday weekend. One night stays are permitted only during our off-season (October through April).
Except for service dogs or guide dogs, pets are allowed in specific pet-friendly units ONLY.
Maximum occupancy for cottages will be strictly enforced. If you exceed the maximum occupancy for your unit, additional fees and/or termination of your stay may occur.
Campfires are NOT allowed at any of the units.
Tents and/or Recreational vehicles may not be utilized for accommodations. Recreational vehicles must be parked in designated areas only, not by the lodging units.
The kitchen must be left clean. A minimum charge of $50.00 will be deducted from the deposit for cleaning dishes, utensils, pots and pans, silverware and glassware.
Extremely soiled or damage linens will be charged a minimum of $25.00 out of deposit.
Rates and Rules
Lake Camanche requires a deposit for cottages and motel rooms collected at time of check-in in the amount of $200.00.  The deposit will be refunded up to 72 hours of departure after room has been inspected, unless retained for damages incurred. See above for examples.
Payment in full is required at time of booking.
Problem guests may not be allowed to return.  Problems include noise levels after hours, over-populating cottage, destroying property, littering campgrounds, etc.  Damages assessed will be deducted from the deposit.
Method of Payment
Lake Camanche accepts several methods of payment to accommodate your needs, including Visa, MasterCard, and Discover/Novus.
We also accept certified checks, money orders, and travelers checks.  Personal checks are not accepted.  Payment by mail MUST be received in our office within 7 days after making a reservation but not less than 14 days prior to scheduled arrival date.
Cancellation and Refund Policy
A minimum of 7 days notice prior to your scheduled arrival date will be required to receive a full refund.
If you cancel within 7 days of check-in, you will forfeit a one night stay.
If you cancel within 3 days of check-in, you will forfeit any and all monies paid on your lodging reservation.
Refunds for bankcard payments will be issued as a credit to your bankcard.
Refunds for cash payments will be mailed within 30 days of a qualified cancellation.
No refund will be issued for cancellations made after the scheduled arrival date. No-shows are not entitled to a refund. Reservations will be cancelled for non-receipt of payment.
Arrivals and Departure
Check-In time starts at 4:00 p.m.
Check-Out time is by 11:00 a.m.
Early check-in is allowed, subject to availability, up to 2 hours maximum with a minimum 24 hour notice.
Late check-out is allowed, subject to availability, up to 3 hours maximum at the rate of $25 per hour, plus tax.  Notice must be given to the GATE HOUSE no later than 11:00 AM on day of departure.
Extending a stay and/or renewal may be made at the either GATE HOUSE before 11:00 AM and are subject to availability.
Please return your room key(s) to the front gate.
Gate hours of entry are from 5AM to 11PM daily.
For phone reservations, please contact our Reservation Call Center at:
(866) 763-5121 or (209) 763-5121.
North Shore Gate House: 209-763-5922
South Shore Gate House: 209-763-5913
Camanche Recreation Company reserves the right when necessary to modify reservation policies.
Camping and Group Sites – Terms & Conditions
Reservations
Maximum stay for campsites or group sites is 14 days within a 30-day period.  There is a 3-night minimum stay for a holiday weekend and a 2-night minimum stay on a regular weekend.  Campsites can be reserved a maximum of 6 months in advance.
When reserving multiple sites, each campsite must be made under a different name including a complete address, telephone number, and email address.  Phone reservation is limited to 3 campsites per reservation.
Reservations made less than 3 days prior to scheduled arrival are non-refundable and non-changeable.  No raincheck will be given.
We have no control over the weather.  All reservation commitments must be honored regardless of weather conditions.
Campsites that are not pre-sold remain available on a first come first served basis.
Reservations can be made online on our Reservations Page.
Phone reservations will be taken by the call center daily from 9:00 am to 4:30 pm at
(866) 763-5121.
Rates and Rules
A prepaid, non-refundable reservation fee is required for each site reserved in advance in addition to the required nightly fee. There will be an additional change fee charged if you change or modify an existing reservation.
Except for group campsites, each general campsite allows a maximum of 8 people only (including any children). Camping is limited to two vehicles per campsite except on designated group campsites. Second vehicle will have to pay the required nightly fee at the front gate upon arrival.
A minimum cleaning and service fee of $50.00 will be charged for campsites that require additional cleaning time upon departure date. Damages will be assessed and camper(s) will be charged accordingly.
“Problem” campers may not be allowed to return, for reasons including noise levels after hours, profanity, destroying property, littering campgrounds, etc.
Method of Payment
Camanche Recreation Company accepts several methods of payment to accommodate your needs, including Visa, MasterCard, and Discover/Novus.
We accept certified checks, money orders, and travelers checks.  Personal checks are not accepted.  Payment by mail MUST be received within 7 days after making reservation and clear 7 days before the check in date.  We also accept cash payment at the store or gate.
Cancellation and Refund Policy
A minimum of 3 days notice prior to scheduled arrival date on a regular weekend is required to get a refund, less the reservation fee. If cancelled less than 3 days, a refund will be given less the reservation fee and forfeiture of the first night use fee.
A minimum of 5 days notice prior to scheduled arrival date on a holiday weekend is required to get a refund, less the reservation fee. If cancelled less than 5 days, a refund will be given less the reservation fee and forfeiture of the first night use fee.
Refunds for cash payments will be mailed within 30 days of a qualified cancellation.
Refunds for bankcard payments will be issued as a credit to your bankcard.
For group campsites, there is a minimum of 5 days notice required prior to scheduled arrival to get a refund, less the reservation fee. If cancelled less than 5 days, a refund will be given less the reservation fee and forfeiture of the first night use fee.
No refund will be issued for cancellations made after the scheduled arrival date. No-shows are not entitled to a refund.
Unpaid reservations are not guaranteed. Reservations will be cancelled for non-receipt of payment after 7 days.
Arrivals and Departures
Check-In and Check-Out are strictly enforced.
Check-In time starts at 2:00 pm. Check-Out time is at 1:00 pm.
All campers need to vacate their site by 1:00 pm.
Hours of Entry: 5:00 am to 11:00 pm Daily
As a courtesy to other guests, there will be no arrivals from 11:00 p.m. until 5:00 a.m.
An ID to match with the name of the person on the reserved site will be required at the gate before entering the campground.
Recreational Vehicle Sites
Recreational vehicles (RV’s) must have the capability to connect to all three utilities: water, electric and sewer (black and grey water) and establish a proper sewer connection.
Only one RV or camp trailer is allowed per campsite.
Parking in South Shore’s Monument RV Camps is limited to those who have paid for RV hookup sites. Park rules limit tents to one per site in this area.
Campfires in Miners Camp RV area are permitted only in designated areas with a 10-foot bare ground clearance and in approved fire containers.
CAMPERS AND GUESTS ARE EXPECTED TO FOLLOW ALL RULES AND REGULATIONS WHILE STAYING AT LAKE CAMANCHE.
For phone reservations to our North Shore site, please call (866) 763-5121 or (209) 763-5121.
For phone reservations to our South Shore site, please call (866) 763-5178 or (209) 763-5178.
Website reservations are available on Reservations Page for campsites only.
Lake Camanche Recreation reserves the right when necessary to modify Reservation Policies.
Terms of Service for www.lakecamancheresort.com
Introduction
Welcome to www.lakecamancheresort.com. This website is owned and operated by www.lakecamancheresort.com. By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide, you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following terms and conditions as stated in this policy (hereafter referred to as ‘User Agreement’), along with the terms and conditions as stated in our Privacy Policy (please refer to the Privacy Policy section below for more information).
This agreement is in effect as of Jun 13, 2018.
We reserve the right to change this User Agreement from time to time without notice. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this User Agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications. Your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified terms and conditions.
Responsible Use and Conduct
By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide for you, either directly or indirectly (hereafter referred to as ‘Resources’), you agree to use these Resources only for the purposes intended as permitted by (a) the terms of this User Agreement, and (b) applicable laws, regulations and generally accepted online practices or guidelines.
Wherein, you understand that:
In order to access our Resources, you may be required to provide certain information about yourself (such as identification, contact details, etc.) as part of the registration process, or as part of your ability to use the Resources. You agree that any information you provide will always be accurate, correct, and up to date.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any login information associated with any account you use to access our Resources. Accordingly, you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account/s.
Accessing (or attempting to access) any of our Resources by any means other than through the means we provide, is strictly prohibited. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of our Resources through any automated, unethical or unconventional means.
Engaging in any activity that disrupts or interferes with our Resources, including the servers and/or networks to which our Resources are located or connected, is strictly prohibited.
Attempting to copy, duplicate, reproduce, sell, trade, or resell our Resources is strictly prohibited.
You are solely responsible any consequences, losses, or damages that we may directly or indirectly incur or suffer due to any unauthorized activities conducted by you, as explained above, and may incur criminal or civil liability.
We may provide various open communication tools on our website, such as blog comments, blog posts, public chat, forums, message boards, newsgroups, product ratings and reviews, various social media services, etc. You understand that generally we do not pre-screen or monitor the content posted by users of these various communication tools, which means that if you choose to use these tools to submit any type of content to our website, then it is your personal responsibility to use these tools in a responsible and ethical manner. By posting information or otherwise using any open communication tools as mentioned, you agree that you will not upload, post, share, or otherwise distribute any content that:
Is illegal, threatening, defamatory, abusive, harassing, degrading, intimidating, fraudulent, deceptive, invasive, racist, or contains any type of suggestive, inappropriate, or explicit language;
ii. Infringes on any trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary right of any party;
Iii. Contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising;
Iiii. Impersonates any person or entity, including any www.lakecamancheresort.com employees or representatives.
We have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that, we feel in our judgment does not comply with this User Agreement, along with any content that we feel is otherwise offensive, harmful, objectionable, inaccurate, or violates any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks. We are not responsible for any delay or failure in removing such content. If you post content that we choose to remove, you hereby consent to such removal, and consent to waive any claim against us.
We do not assume any liability for any content posted by you or any other 3rd party users of our website. However, any content posted by you using any open communication tools on our website, provided that it doesn’t violate or infringe on any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks, becomes the property of www.lakecamancheresort.com, and as such, gives us a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, publish, publicly display and/or distribute as we see fit. This only refers and applies to content posted via open communication tools as described, and does not refer to information that is provided as part of the registration process, necessary in order to use our Resources. All information provided as part of our registration process is covered by our privacy policy.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless www.lakecamancheresort.com and its parent company and affiliates, and their directors, officers, managers, employees, donors, agents, and licensors, from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of this User Agreement or the failure to fulfill any obligations relating to your account incurred by you or any other person using your account. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this User Agreement. In such event, you shall provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us, which is why we’ve created a separate Privacy Policy in order to explain in detail how we collect, manage, process, secure, and store your private information. Our privacy policy is included under the scope of this User Agreement. To read our privacy policy in its entirety, click here.
Limitation of Warranties
By using our website, you understand and agree that all Resources we provide are “as is” and “as available”. This means that we do not represent or warrant to you that:
i) the use of our Resources will meet your needs or requirements.
ii) the use of our Resources will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from errors.
iii) the information obtained by using our Resources will be accurate or reliable, and
iv) any defects in the operation or functionality of any Resources we provide will be repaired or corrected.
Furthermore, you understand and agree that:
v) any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of our Resources is done at your own discretion and risk, and that you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer or other devices for any loss of data that may result from the download of such content.
vi) no information or advice, whether expressed, implied, oral or written, obtained by you from www.lakecamancheresort.com or through any Resources we provide shall create any warranty, guarantee, or conditions of any kind, except for those expressly outlined in this User Agreement.
Limitation of Liability
In conjunction with the Limitation of Warranties as explained above, you expressly understand and agree that any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid, if any, for use of products and/or services. Www.lakecamancheresort.com will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary loss or damages which may be incurred by you as a result of using our Resources, or as a result of any changes, data loss or corruption, cancellation, loss of access, or downtime to the full extent that applicable limitation of liability laws apply.
Copyrights/Trademarks
All content and materials available on www.lakecamancheresort.com, including but not limited to text, graphics, website name, code, images, and logos are the intellectual property of www.lakecamancheresort.com, and are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. Any inappropriate use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of any content on this site is strictly prohibited, unless specifically authorized by www.lakecamancheresort.com.
Termination of Use
You agree that we may, at our sole discretion, suspend or terminate your access to all or part of our website and Resources with or without notice and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of this User Agreement. Any suspected illegal, fraudulent or abusive activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. Upon suspension or termination, your right to use the Resources we provide will immediately cease, and we reserve the right to remove or delete any information that you may have on file with us, including any account or login information.
Governing Law
This website is controlled by www.lakecamancheresort.com from our offices located in the state of CA, US. It can be accessed by most countries around the world. As each country has laws that may differ from those of CA, by accessing our website, you agree that the statutes and laws of CA, without regard to the conflict of laws and the United Nations Convention on the International Sales of Goods, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this website and the purchase of any products or services through this site.
Furthermore, any action to enforce this User Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in US, CA You hereby agree to personal jurisdiction by such courts, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
Guarantee
UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSED, www.lakecamancheresort.com EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about these our Terms of Service as outlined above, you can contact us at:
www.lakecamancheresort.com
2220 Boynton Avenue, Suite C
Fairfield, CA 94533
US
Weather Forecast
0°
C
Calendar
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Jan
Lake Water Level
Subscribe to Newsletter
Book Boat Rentals!