http://www.vacamas.org/privacy
Home
About
Hi Impact Award Winner
Our History
Meet Us
Theory of Change
Transparency
Events
Contact
Employment
Programs
Digital School Programs
Sleepaway Camp
Teen Camp
Day Camp
Register for Camp
Afterschool
After School Online
Retreat Center
Overview
Youth Retreats
Adult Retreats
Services
Map
Donate
Donate Now
Fundraise For Us!
Volunteer
Privacy Policy
Protecting personal information and using it in a manner consistent with your expectations is a high priority for everyone associated with Hands In 4 Youth. As a user of our web site, you also have a responsibility to safeguard your information and how it is used on the Internet. To ensure that you can rely upon the quality, consistency, and confidentiality of this site, we stand behind the following privacy policy:SecurityHands In 4 Youth will collect only the personal information that is necessary to conduct our business and protect your personal information. Hands In 4 Youth will maintain strong security controls to ensure that member information in our files and computers is protected. Where appropriate, we will use security-coding techniques to protect against unauthorized access to personal records, ensure accuracy and integrity of communications and protect user confidentiality. As a user of our web site, you will always have the opportunity to review your information and make request changes to ensure that our sources are complete and accurate. We will never sell or divulge in any way any personally identifiable information to a third party, unless we are lawfully required to do so.Tracking and StatisticsWe track how visitors use our online services. This tracking system tells us on which page someone entered our website, what pages were visited, but it doesn’t capture any information that personally identifies a visitor. This information is used for internal review to help us in the management and continuing development of our website.General DisclaimerHands In 4 Youth makes every effort to provide links from our website to other sites that members will find reliable and non-offensive. However, we do not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any information or content contained on or distributed through web sites linked to or from this web site. Reliance upon any such materials shall be at your sole risk. Additionally, Hands In 4 Youth is not responsible for the copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in sites linked to or from this web site or subsequent links from other sites.Correct/UpdateThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.E-mail – info@hi4y.orgSend mail to Hands In 4 Youth, 256 Macopin Road, West Milford, NJ 07480Phone: (973) 838-0942