http://www.12metercharters.com/privacy-policy
0
PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy is intended to explain what types of information we at 12MeterYachtCharters.com (“12MYC”) collect about you, and how we use and share that information.   We take commercially reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to and from us over the Internet. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post any changes on the Site as they go into effect. By accessing the Site after we make any such changes to this Privacy Policy, you are deemed to have accepted such changes.What information does 12MYC collect online?12MYC gathers navigational information about where visitors go on the Site and information about the technical efficiencies of the Site. In the process of gathering Navigational Information, non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may be collected which will provide information regarding a visitor's use of the Site.  We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding visitors to the Site. These service providers are permitted to use the information collected on our behalf to help us conduct and improve our business. If you prefer, you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. However, if you turn your cookies off, some features of the Site may not function properly.We may ask you to provide personal information when you establish or update an Account on the Site, sign up to receive emails from 12MYC or other marketing materials, make a purchase, view your order history, or contact us.  Categories of personal information collected online include name, billing and shipping address information, email address, telephone number, mobile number, credit card information, resume information, and any other information you choose to provide us.Personal Information may also be collected directly by us through our Social Media Pages and may also be collected by the social media sites hosting our Social Media Pages. This Privacy Policy does not cover Personal Information collected by any Social Media Site or the privacy and security practices of any Social Media Site. Please review privacy policies and terms of service on the applicable Social Media Site, if you have any questions about their privacy or security practices.  Any Personal Information or other information, photos, or other content that you make publicly available through our Social Media Pages, is made available to all users of the Social Media Pages and others, and that it is not subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.How does 12MYC use your Information?12MYC uses your Information to:   • Deliver products that you have ordered;   • Contact you or the product recipient(s) in the event of order delay or difficulty;   • Send information about events, surveys, promotions and possibly contests to you;   • Tailor your experience on the Site to your interests;   • Develop and improve our products, services, and the Site; and   • Respond to your inquiries.   • Deliver information through the various communication channels you have provided to us  about our products or the Site, including adding you to our email list or to our customer phone and mail marketing list when you register for an account or make a purchase.Third PartiesWe may use third party vendors to assist us with the Site and our e-commerce. We will share your Information with these Third Party Vendors only as necessary for them to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law. Use of your Information by these Third Party Vendors is governed by their own privacy policies and procedures and not by this Privacy Policy.We may also share your Information with any of our parent companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us.  In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, sale of assets, dissolution, or similar event, some or all of the Information may be part of the transferred assets.To the extent permitted by law, we may also disclose Information when required by law, court order, or other government or law enforcement authority or regulatory agency, or whenever we believe that disclosing such information is necessary or advisable, for example, to protect the rights, property, or safety of us or others.We may elect to use third party advertising companies to serve our advertisements and allow them to collect non-Personal Information during your visits to the Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you.For your convenience, the Site may contain links to web sites that are owned and/or operated by third parties.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices, advertising, products, services or the content of any Third Party Site. Links that appear on the Site should not be deemed to imply that we endorse or have any affiliation with any Third Party Site or the products, services, or content made available through any Third Party Site.Questions or ConcernsIf you have additional questions or would like more information regarding our information collection, use of disclosure practices, please feel free to contact us at: sail@12meteryachtcharters.comPAYMENTWe accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover.Charges may take up to five days to appear on your credit card, and refunds may take up to 14 days to appear.  An authorization for the full amount of the transaction will be placed on your credit card at the time of purchase.When processing credit cards, 12MYC employs a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption to protect your transaction so you can shop safely. After purchase you will receive an email with confirmation acknowledging your order.