http://www.douglaslaing.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
›
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
By purchasing from our website, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. You should therefore read the following carefully before making a purchase, and save a copy for your future reference. “Our website” and “our site” refers to DouglasLaing.com. Refusal to accept the terms and conditions means you cannot buy goods from DouglasLaing.com.
About Us
DouglasLaing.com is owned and operated by Douglas Laing & Co. Douglas Laing & Co. produces and publishes the content on this website and “We”, “Us” and “Our” refers to the Douglas Laing team.
The e-commerce (i.e. “shop”) functionality of our website is partially operated by Mail Marketing UK Limited. Mail Marketing is registered in Scotland under company number SC171868 and with our registered office at 42 Methil Street, Glasgow, Scotland G14 0SZ.
Age Restriction
The sale of Alcohol is subject to strict age restriction policy. No goods are offered for sale at this Site to any person who is below legal drinking age in the country in which he or she is resident where such sale would be contrary to local law.
Placing an order through our site you warrant you are of lawful age to purchase alcohol in your resident country. If you are buying Products as a gift, the recipient must also be of a lawful age. This is the responsibility of the purchaser.
Our couriers will require a signature on exchange of goods. They will request proof of age if any doubt as to the signatory’s age exists and goods will be returned if no such proof is provided.
Contract
Shortly after you have placed your order, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order.  This constitutes an offer to buy a product and does not mean that your order has been accepted.  All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an e-mail that confirms that the Product has been dispatched (the “Dispatch Confirmation”).The contract between us (the “Contract”) formed when we send you this document.
The Contract relates only to those Products whose dispatch is confirmed in the Dispatch Confirmation.  We will not be obliged to supply any other Products which may have been part of your order until the despatch of such Products is confirmed in a separate Dispatch Confirmation.
Consumer Rights
As a consumer, you may cancel a Contract at any time within seven working days, beginning on the day after you receive the Products. In this case, you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the Products in accordance with our refunds policy (as outlined in section 7).
To cancel a Contract, you must inform us in writing and return the Product(s) to us immediately, in the same condition and packaging in which you received them, and at your own cost and risk. You are legally obliged to take reasonable care of the Products while they are in your possession. Failure to comply with this obligation may result in our right of action against you for compensation.
Order Process and Payment
You can pay for Products purchased from DouglasLaing.com using an accepted credit or debit card, via our payment providers, Stripe and PayPal. You must give us authority for payment at the time of order.
We have taken reasonable precautions to ensure our site is secure, and we believe it is secure, however, we do not accept any liability should there be a breach or failure of security.
We do not accept payment by cheque, bank transfer or cash on delivery.
You must complete all mandatory fields to enable us to process your order and allow us to contact you should we need to discuss your order. Please complete all fields carefully and accurately.
All cardholders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. We will not deliver any Products prior to these checks and authorisations being completed. If your card issuer refuses to authorise payment to us, we cannot accept your order, and will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery.
The main characteristics of the goods sold through this Site are set out on the pages picturing them. Every effort has been made to display the colours of the goods as accurately as possible. However, because the colour you see will depend on your monitor we cannot guarantee that the colours of the goods purchased by you will be the same as the colours shown on your monitor.
Should we accept your order, the price applicable to goods ordered by you is that shown on the Site at the point when your order is placed. The period for which this price is valid is limited and we can only guarantee this price to you for orders placed that day (unless a longer period is stated specifically in the description given). The sales tax applicable to your order will depend on a number of factors which we will establish at the point of placing your order. These include the following:
The type of goods ordered (rates may differ);
Where the goods are to be delivered to e.g. UK, EU, outside EU;
You are responsible for paying any import or similar duties which may be levied on the export or import of the goods ordered by you.
Where an error has been made and the price displayed is too low, Douglas Laing and Mail Marketing are not obliged to sell you the goods at that price. You will be refunded the amount you paid, or you may choose to pay the shortfall and have your order fulfilled.
We will notify you of acceptance of your order by email. The contract for our sale and your purchase of the goods shall be made at the place from which our despatch confirmation email is sent to you, when the email is sent. Prior to such time there is no legal agreement in place.
The goods purchased by you will be despatched to you by the method of delivery indicated within 30 days of the date of your order.
We will inform you of the non-availability of any goods ordered by you within 30 days of the date of your order and will refund your credit card the full amount paid in respect of such goods within 30 days of your order.
We may choose to limit the availability of some Limited Edition products, so please check the product description carefully. Orders placed above the amount outlined in the product description may be subject to cancellation and refund.
You may withdraw from any agreement for the purchase of goods by posting or otherwise despatching the goods to the return address indicated on them within 7 working days of their receipt by you. We will refund to your debit or credit card the price (including sales taxes) of any goods so returned to us within 30 days of their receipt by us.
Delivery Instructions
Deliveries are made during business hours on Monday to Friday. A signature will be required.
If no-one is available to sign for the parcel, our delivery company will leave a contact card with instructions for the customer to call their local depot. If the customer does not then call their local depot, the parcel is returned to us after a week - the cost of which will be passed on to the customer. If the parcel is returned to us and you do not wish us to re-send it, only the cost of the product minus the initial delivery charge and the return charge will be refunded. To resend the parcel will incur a further delivery charge.
Please contact the local depot/post office as soon as a card is received to re-arrange delivery or collection.
Returns, Refunds and Replacements
If you wish to return Products which are not faulty, please contact us with details of your order within 7 days of delivery of the goods.
Returned products must be returned to us in good condition, with all packaging intact. All refunds will be arranged within 30 days of our acceptance to do so and after the safe receipt of the returned goods. Any product returned must be within its original packaging, contain the relevant paperwork and be adequately packed to avoid any possible damage. The cost and risk of returning the product are the responsibility of the customer and proof of delivery service must be used.
Upon receipt of your order, the order should be carefully inspected to make sure that it is intact and in full.
The courier must be informed of breakages or shortages at the time of delivery. We may not (at our sole discretion) accept any claims for breakages or shortages unless they are stated on the courier’s documentation. We must have confirmation of these breakages or shortages within 7 working days of delivery. Photographic evidence is required by our carrier company if an item has been damaged during transit.
Prices, Promotions and Availability
We endeavour to ensure the accuracy of all information on our site. The prices payable for the Products that you order are clearly set out on our site. All prices are quoted inclusive of any VAT payable unless otherwise stated. The price of the Products does not include the delivery charge which will be charged at the rates applicable at the date you place your order.
Prices, promotions and specifications can change without notice and Products are subject to availability.
If for any reason, we are unable to supply a particular Product we will notify you as soon as possible.
Free Gifts are subject to availability at the point of sale, whilst stocks last. Douglas Laing & Co. provides no guarantee that all or any free gift will remain available throughout the offer period.  Free gifts are non-transferable and cannot be redeemed for cash or exchanged.  Free gifts will be dispatched with the relevant items from your qualifying order and will only be available on orders placed via DouglasLaing.com
Our Liability
We warrant to you that any Product purchased from us through our site is of satisfactory quality and reasonably fit for all the purposes for which products of the kind are commonly supplied.
Our liability for losses you suffer as a result of us breaking this agreement is strictly limited to the purchase price of the Product you purchased.
We are not responsible for indirect losses which happen as a side effect of the main loss or damage (including, but not limited to, loss of income or revenue, loss of business, loss of profits or contracts, loss of anticipated savings and/or loss of data).
Data Protection
We have a privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) which relates to our use of your personal information. We would encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy is available on our site. Breach of our Privacy Policy constitutes a breach of these terms and conditions of which they form part.
Contacting Us
For queries regarding Product availability or information, please e-mail info@douglaslaing.com. For queries regarding an existing order, please ensure you provide us with your name, address and order number allowing us to deal with your enquiry as quickly as possible.
Waiver
If we fail, at any time during the term of a Contract, to insist upon strict performance of any of your obligations under the Contract or any of these terms and conditions, or if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled under the Contract or any of these terms and conditions, this shall not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies and shall not relieve you from compliance with such obligations.
A waiver by us of any default shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default.
No waiver by us of any of these terms and conditions shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing.
Severability
If any of these terms and Conditions or any provisions of a Contract are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Our Right to Vary These Terms & Conditions
We have the right to revise and amend these terms and conditions occasionally to reflect, amongst other things, changes in market conditions that affect our business, changes in technology, changes in payment methods, changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements and changes in our system's capabilities.
You will be subject to the policies and terms and conditions in force at the time that you order Products from us, unless any change to those policies or these terms and conditions is required to be made by law or governmental authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you), or if we notify you of the change to those policies or these terms and conditions before we send you the Despatch Confirmation (in which case we have the right to assume that you have accepted the change to the terms and conditions, unless you notify us to the contrary within seven working days of receipt by you of the Products).
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Contracts for the purchase of Products through our site and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by Scots law. Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with such Contracts or their formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Scotland.
Delivery to the USA
We are currently able to deliver to the following States: Alaska, California, Connecticut, Delaware, District of Colombia, Florida, Idaho, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island, Texas, Vermont, Virginia and Wyoming. Unfortunately due issues with the courier we are unable to currently deliver to other States. We apologise for any inconvenience caused.
Multiple Orders
For very limited products, we reserve the right to restrict to one bottle per customer and may adjust your order without notice. Where a customer places multiple orders in order to work around restrictions, we reserve the right to cancel the additional orders.
Entire Agreement
These terms and conditions and any document expressly referred to in them constitute the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter of the Contract and supersede any previous arrangement, understanding or agreement between us. We each acknowledge that, in entering into the Contract, (and the documents referred to in it), neither of us relies on any statement, representation, assurance or warranty (“Representation”) of any person (whether a party to that Contract or not) other than as expressly set out in these terms and conditions. Each of us agrees that the only rights and remedies available to us arising out of or in connection with a Representation shall be for breach of contract as provided in these terms and conditions. Nothing in this clause shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud.
Welcome! Please confirm your location.
To enter our website, you must be of the legal drinking age at which the purchase and consumption of alcohol is permitted in your country of residence.
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia And Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia (Local Name: Hrvatska)
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island & Mcdonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic Of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People'S Republic Of
Korea, Republic Of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People'S Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States Of
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre And Miquelon
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Accept & Enter
We use cookies on our site to enhance your online experience. You can update your preferences at any time. To find out how we use your data, please visit our privacy policy.
Manage Preferences