http://www.nwtf.org/privacy-policy
Official Site of the National Wild Turkey FederationBecome a MemberMake a DonationShopPrivacy PolicyThis policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the National Wild Turkey Federation website www.nwtf.org, (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.  When filling out forms or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address and/or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails regarding company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. Data maintained in our system will be protected using the security standards and procedures established by the NWTF.
The NWTF uses industry standard safeguards to protect your personal information against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of your personal information. We will not share, sell, or exchange your personal information with any other entity for third-party fundraising or marketing purposes, except as provided in this Policy or as expressly consented to by you. To the extent that a third-party service provider is used to process any donations, the provider is bound by strict confidentiality rules, and your information will only be used to the extent necessary to process the donation.  To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have [consented to/not opted out of] these disclosures. [We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.]
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.   When you register on our website, cookies also allow us to save information so that you will not have to re-enter it the next time you visit.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell or trade to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting or supporting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.  A link to a page does not constitute an endorsement.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are committed to complying fully with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act).  We limit the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information collected from anyone under 16 years of age.  If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at the address below.  We encourage families to discuss their household guidelines regarding the online sharing of personal information.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, send an email notifying you of any changes, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on February 7, 2020.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.nwtf.org/contact
P.O. Box 530
Edgefield, SC 29824
USA
info@nwtf.net