http://www.tidswellwines.com.au/privacy-and-disclaimer
Log In /
Contact Us /
Your cart is empty
1. Tidswell Wines is committed to best-practice privacy standards
We are committed to protecting your personal information and letting you know the type of information we collect and how this information is used. Our Policy is based on the National Privacy Principles, developed by the Office of the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner which came into effect 21 December 2001. Tidswell Wines also intends to comply with any guidelines or laws introduced in Australia to strengthen protections for your privacy.
2. Collecting information about you
The amount of information we collect about you depends on your use of our website. The only personal information we collect is what you tell us about yourself, for instance through surveys and newsletter registrations.
We use your personal information for research or to improve our site and the services we offer you. We analyse the data for certain trends and statistics, such as which parts of our site users are visiting and how long they spend there. This information is compiled and analysed on an aggregated basis. We may share this aggregated information with our content providers to assist them in understanding our services but we do not give our content providers aggregated information that would allow them to identify you personally.
3. Our use of 'cookies'
Some of the pages found on the Tidswell Wines website use 'cookies' to help us remember who you are. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies help us provide you with services and features that are tailored to your needs when you visit the Tidswell Wines website again.
Cookies in themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's browsers. The cookies simply operate as a unique identifier.
This lets us know what you find interesting and useful, which allows us to keep improving our web site and provide you with a personalised service.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. If you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse them, although this means you may not be able to use certain features on our site and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session.
4. Our use and disclosure of your personal information
Tidswell Wines will not use or disclose any information about you without your consent unless legally required to do so or if we consider it necessary to:
provide you with the service you have requested
protect the rights or property of Tidswell Wines any user of Tidswell Wines or any member of the public; or
lessen or prevent a serious threat to a person's life, health or safety.
Tidswell Wines will seek to take all reasonable steps to keep any information we hold about you secure, accurate and up to date. Your information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities.
Tidswell Wines will take all reasonable steps to ensure that our employees and contractors respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by Tidswell Wines. You should contact us immediately if there is any unauthorised use of your account or any other breach of security. However, Tidswell Wines does not accept responsibility for any consequences of the unauthorised access to your information.
5. What else you should know about privacy
You should always close your browser upon leaving the website, especially if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence. You are responsible for the security of and access to your own computer.
To the extent that you disclose information on the Internet to parties other than Tidswell Wines, different rules may apply to the use and disclosure of your personal information. Since we do not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to their privacy customs and policies. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
Ultimately you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your username and passwords and any account information.
6. If you have a problem
Our customers are very valuable to us. If you have an inquiry relating to privacy or our Terms of Use, please email us. If you have any problems with our website or a general problem or complaint, please contact us. We take these issues seriously and will endeavour to address your concerns in the shortest possible time.
7. More on privacy
You can obtain further information about privacy in Australia and the protection of your personal information on the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner's web site.
Security Information
Tidswell Wines uses eWAY Internet Payment Gateway to provide a secure environment for the authorisation of credit card transactions over the Internet. Confidential information including client credit card details are encrypted the moment they are transmitted from the client's browser to the banking network using industry standard SSL 128-bit RC4 encryption technology.
A client's credit card details are not stored anywhere on the Internet and the only company who has access to this data is the merchant's bank. The bank also sends confirmation information via the same encryption technology back to the client's browser. These secure processes provide clients with peace of mind when purchasing online.
Delivery and Returns
We are committed to resolving any problems that our clients experience with product delivery. If you have any questions or issues regarding the delivery of your products, please contact us on +61 8 83635800.
Delivery Policy
Tidswell Wines has customers all around the country. For that reason we put a lot of time and effort into making sure that we have the best possible delivery network.
Our Delivery Carriers
Currently Tidswell Wines uses Australia Post to deliver to all states and territories. Australia Post is committed to providing Tidswell Wines with a high-quality parcel service and is able to provide consistent on-time delivery through their modern and efficient networks.
Where do we deliver?
Tidswell Wines can deliver to anywhere in Australia. If you are unsure whether we can deliver to the area that you live in, please contact us on +61 8 83635800. Please note that all Australia Post deliveries to rural areas will be left at the local Post Office. Please note that for ease of delivery and tracking, we prefer that where possible you provide a Business Delivery Address. Your purchases can then be delivered during normal business hours and signed for upon receipt.
Delivery charges and shipping policy
All orders must consist of one or more half dozens (6 bottles).
See purchase page for delivery costs. Depending on your location the delivery cost will vary significantly. Australian registered post delivery in 2-8 working days.
Calling Cards
Occasionally Australia Post may leave your purchases at the local Post Office as they have been unable to deliver to your specified delivery address. In this instance Australia Post will leave a Calling Card for you, advising the location of your purchases. If Australia Post does not hear from you within 7 days of leaving a Calling Card, they will contact Tidswell Wines to clarify further action.
Returns Policy
Tidswell Wines we stand by our products, and of course we want you to enjoy the wine you have purchased. On the rare occasion that incorrect goods are delivered please contact us within 30 days and Tidswell Wines will fully refund or replace the goods concerned, provided they are returned in good condition. Tidswell Wines will arrange for any return shipping requirements at our expense.
What if I order the wrong wine? Please contact us within 10 days of receiving the wine and we can exchange it for the correct wine. The customer will be responsible for any associated shipping costs.
What if the wine is faulty? Corked, oxidised, off, faulty, undrinkable wines will be replaced or refunded. Any replacement of wine will be with the current available vintage. Please contact us with the details.
Undeliverable Goods
The carrier will advise Tidswell Wines if they are unable to deliver a particular item. We will then attempt to contact you to arrange re-delivery.
Contact Information
Tidswell Wines
Tel: +61 8 83635800 Fax: +61 8 836358888
14 Sydenham Rd Norwood SA 5067
admin@tidswellwines.com.au
ABN: 61111970373
TIDSWELL WINES   LIMESTONE COAST   SOUTH AUSTRALIA
ENJOY IN MODERATION
Member Log In
Username
Password
Forgot your password?