https://www.ipsc.org/privacy-policy-2/
+34 971 796 232
info@IPSC.org
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
RSS
This is the Privacy Policy of International Practical Shooting Confederation (hereinafter referred to as “IPSC,” “we,” “us” or “our”), a non-profit association registered in Sweden, and whose registered address is Roburvägen 13, 181 33 Lidingö, Sweden. IPSC is registered as a legal entity under number 802512-7765. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our website www.ipsc.org (the “Service”). We collect this information when you visit our website with your computer, tablet or mobile phone (“Computer”). We process personal data in a manner that is in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), the GDPR-based legislation and the other current privacy legislation.
IPSC Registration Address:
Roburvägen 13,
181 33 Lidingö,
Sweden.
By using the Service, you understand and agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users”).
What kinds of information do we collect?
Information you provideWe collect the following information you provide us with directly:
Your name;
Communications between you and IPSC (e.g., we may send you Service-related emails);
Log file informationWe collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service. This log file information may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Analytics services (non-personally identifiable information only)We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. The tools use “cookies”, which are text files placed on your device, to collect your log information and behavior information in an anonymous form. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User. With respect to Google Analytics, although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits by disabling cookies.
How do we use this information?
We use all of the information we have to help us provide and support our Services. Here is how:
remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service;
provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service;
monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns;
diagnose or fix technology problems;
develop and test new products and features; and
How is this information shared?
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside IPSC.
The International Practical Shooting Confederation will take measures to timely inform the subject of personal data about the processing purposes if the provided personal data will be processed for purposes different from those for which the personal data were collected.
Change of controlIf we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of IPSC or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
Legal requests and preventing harmWe may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
Safety and security
IPSC has taken appropriate technical and organizational measures by using the latest technologies to protect your information against loss or unlawful processing. We use safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure. You are responsible for controlling access to emails between you and IPSC, at all times. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.
Your rights:
The International Practical Shooting Confederation is committed to ensuring the fair and transparent processing of your personal data. That is why it is important for us that data subjects have the following rights, subject to the relevant legal requirements:
– the right to require access to personal data of the data subject;
– the right to rectification or deletion of personal data;
– the right to restrict processing in relation to the data subject
– the right to object to the processing of personal data;
– rights to the portability of personal data;
– the right to withdraw his consent to the processing of personal data;
– the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory institution
To exercise your right, please write to info@ipsc.org
International transfer
Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside Spain and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information to Spain. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Retention period
In accordance with the law, IPSC does not retain data any longer than is required for attaining the purposes for which they were collected.
Inspection and correction
If you wish to know which of your data IPSC has recorded or if you wish to amend or remove data that you cannot amend via your account, please contact IPSC by providing the link/screenshot where the data in question is publicly available.
Third-party applications, websites and services
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any applications, websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another application, website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party applications, websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party application, website or service, including those that have a link on our Services, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.
Children’s privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with personal information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Who can I contact?
If you have additional questions regarding data protection in connection with our website or the services offered, please contact us at info@ipsc.org
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Cookies are only used to track visitor's locations and no private information is captured.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you agree with it.I AcceptNoPrivacy policy