http://www.tahbilk.com.au/privacy.html
Skip to Content
Skip to Navigation
About
Visit
Join the club
Shop
Tahbilk
Wishlist
(0)
Cart ($0.00 AUD)
Added to your cart
Edit Cart
Checkout
New customer? Register
Sign in
Welcome to our place
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Tahbilk Pty Ltd is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals' personal information in accordance with the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988, the Privacy Amendment (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Act 2012, the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000, the Do Not Call Register Act 2006 and the Spam Act 2003.
We are committed to supporting the 'Australian Privacy Principles for the Fair Handling of Personal Information' which set clear standards for the collection, access, storage and use of personal information which we obtain as part of our business operations.
Our respect for our customers' right to privacy of their personal information is paramount. All personal information, no matter how or where it is obtained, is handled sensitively, securely, and in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles which are available on the Privacy Commissioners website (www.privacy.gov.au).
Why is your personal information collected?Tahbilk collects certain personal information from our wine club members, suppliers and contractors for a range of purposes, including;
- To conduct our business of providing products and services to our customers;- To manage, service and communicate with contractors and suppliers;- To comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
Where is your personal information held?All personal information relating to wine club members is securely held in the Tahbilk Wine Club System (TWCS). The TWCS is located at Tahbilk Winery on our own servers. All contractors, Credit Customers and supplier information is held in our accounting and supplier management systems. This data is backed up regularly and appropriate security measures are in place to protect access to this data.
How and when is your personal information collected?
Tahbilk Wine Club Member DetailsThis includes information such as name, address, phone number and email address and is collected primarily through membership application forms either in person or via our website. Information about Members is used to administer membership accounts, to enable wines to be delivered and to develop and inform members via direct marketing methods (electronic, paper & phone) about club events, offers and promotions and Tahbilk products and services.
Visitor InformationThis covers information collected in relation to visitors to our Cellar Door, Winery, Tahbilk Cafe and Wetlands & Wildlife reserve and events such as wine and food festivals. This information includes, for example, reservation details provided when making bookings as well as travel details provided by people visiting as members of tour groups. In addition, from time-to-time we will collect photographs of visitors. These images may be published in articles in Newsletters or on our website. If individuals do not wish their images to be published, they may contact our Administration Manager on 1300 824 245 to request that this not occur.
Tahbilk CafeThis information includes, for example, reservation details provided by visitors when making bookings as well as travel details and meal preferences provided by people visiting as members of tour groups. For larger bookings and functions we may also collect credit card details for the purpose of processing deposit payments.
Customer Sales InformationWe collect personal information about individuals when they purchase goods and services from us, both over the counter and through our website. This information may, for example, include name, address, phone number, email address, credit card details and items purchased. This information is used to transact sales and to provide the goods and services ordered. Elements of the information may also be held and used internally to assist us with developing the wine club offering and Tahbilk experience to better service our members, with customer queries and to alert customers to new products and services.
Competition Entrant DetailsFrom time-to-time we conduct competitions and collect personal information about entrants provided on entry forms, such as name, address, phone number and email address. This information is used for conducting the competitions and may be used to send entrants information about our products and services.
WebsiteWhen you place orders or access your account information on the web site, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Confidential information, such as your address, credit card details and order history, is not stored on the web server but on Tahbilk's own database, which is protected against unauthorised access.
To better serve you, we use cookies to reduce the time required to submit purchase requests. "Cookies" are small pieces of information sent by a web server and stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive so it can later be read back from that browser. We also use cookies to retrieve certain information you previously provided to the Tahbilk site so that you do not need to re-enter this information every time you visit. This information can only be accessed when you enter your email or Member Number and password. No other company has access to our cookies. We also collect non-personal statistical information about our website visitors through the use of sessional cookies, such as the number of visitors, pages viewed, types of transactions conducted, time spent on the website and documents downloaded. This information does not enable visitors to our website to be identified. We use this information to evaluate our website performance.
Supplier & Contractor Application FormsContractor and supplier information provided to Tahbilk will be kept private and confidential. This information is required purely for the purpose of being able to manage, service and communicate with suppliers and contractors as required by law.
Credit CustomersA credit customer is those customers who are required to complete the Application of Credit form. In this instance your information will be used for the purposes of the accounts receivable department. All credit customers will be subject to the ‘terms & conditions of trade’ ‘Privacy Act Consent form’ and ‘Personal Guarentee’.
How is personal information used?We use the personal information that we collect so that we can conduct our business of providing products and services to you and to administer and enhance the business relationships we have with you. We do not disclose your personal information to any party outside Tahbilk Pty Ltd unless that party is contracted by us to assist in the delivery of that business relationship or to provide services or activities to you on our behalf in which case that party would be bound by the same privacy rules we follow. You have the right to tell us that you do not want us to contact you other than for the main purpose for which we have collected your personal details. We may be required to disclose your personal information in certain circumstances to government and regulatory authorities as required by law. We may also disclose your personal information where you have consented to us doing so. Your consent to the disclosure of your personal information may be verbal or in writing. Tahbilk Pty Ltd will not request or hold the following sensitive information - religion, financial status, marital status, medical details or sexual information. Tahbilk Pty Ltd will not keep a record of credit card information once an order has been processed unless requested to do so.
Integrity of Personal InformationWe will complete steps, as reasonable in the circumstances, to ensure your personal information is kept accurate, up to date and complete. This means that from time to time we may phone or mail you to check your delivery details, email address and other information relevant for the provision of providing our services and products to you.
Access to your personal informationWe will provide you with access to any of your personal information we hold. However, we may occasionally need to deny access to information in accordance with the exemptions contained in the Act. If you require access to your personal information, then please email our Administration Manager admin@tahbilk.com.au. Before we provide you with access to your personal information we will require some proof of identity and for most requests, your information will be provided free of charge, however we may charge a reasonable fee if your request requires a substantial effort on our part.
Unsubscribing from the Tahbilk Member DatabaseAt any time you wish to unsubscribe from your Tahbilk Wine Club Membership please contact us via the following contact details. Mail: PO BOX 130, Nagambie VIC 3608, Phone: 1300 824 245, Fax: 03 57 942 544 or Email: admin@tahbilk.com.au.
Changes to Tahbilk's Privacy PolicyWe may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to ensure that it remains accurate in view of any alterations to our information handling practices due to changed business circumstances. Any updated policy will be published on our website.
Contacting UsShould you require more detail on our Privacy Policy or believe that your privacy has been breached by us, then please contact our Administration Manager:
Tahbilk Pty LtdP.O. Box 130 NagambieVictoria 3608Phone: 1300 824 245Facsimile: (03) 5794 2360Email: admin@tahbilk.com.au
If your privacy concern or complaint is not resolved to your satisfaction, you can contact the Privacy Commissioners Office
Telephone: 1300 363 992 / Email: privacy@privacy.gov.au
Get In Touch
(03) 5794 2555
Admin Wine club Cafe & Group Bookings
254 O'Neils Road, Tabilk Victoria 3608
Opening Times
Cellar Door /
Eco-Trails:Weekdays: 9am to 5pmWeekends & Public Holidays: 10am to 5pm
Cafe:Weekdays: 10am to 4pm (Closed Tuesdays & Wednesdays)Weekends & Holidays:10am to 4pm
Trade & Media
Facebook
Twitter
© Tahbilk 2020
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Join the club
Privacy Policy