http://www.highlandbrewing.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important. We take care to ensure proper use of your information, described below. Your use of and/or registration on any aspect of http://www.highlandbrewing.com will constitute your agreement to this Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect online?
We collect information from you when subscribe to our newsletter. For the newsletter, you may be asked to enter your name and e-mail address.
We do not collect information for online sales. PayPal® collects your information. Please see PayPal®’s Privacy Policy for more information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
Your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) is not stored on our servers.Cookies and Other Data Collection Technology.A “ Cookie” is a small text file that is sent to or accessed from your web browser or your computer’s hard drive. A Cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the Cookie originated, the “lifetime” of the Cookie (when it expires), and a randomly generated unique number or other similar identifier. A Cookie may also contain information about your computer, such as user settings, browsing history and activities conducted while using our online services.Some web browsers (including some mobile web browsers) provide settings that allow you to control or reject Cookies or alert you when a Cookies is placed on your device. You may also be able to reject mobile device identifiers by activating the appropriate setting on your mobile device. Although you are not required to accept Cookies or mobile device identifiers, if you block or reject them, you may not have access to all features available through our online services.”
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies – for example, to help us remember if you are over 21 and to recall your selection(s) of calendar events. More cookies may be used as the site develops and may not all be listed here.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
No. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are 21 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Privacy Policy of Third Party Websites and Content Providers
Some web pages may contain content provided by and links to websites operated by third parties. This privacy policy does not extend to third party content or websites, and Highland makes no warranty or representation concerning their privacy practices.
Use of This Website
By viewing this website you agree to honor the copyrights contained herein.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 2/29/2012.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at info@highlandbrewing.com or 828-299-3370. www.highlandbrewing.com 200 Old Charlotte Hwy, Suite 200
Asheville, NC 28803
This policy supplied in part by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support.