https://www.lalique.com/en/lalique-group-data-privacy-notice
Home
Lalique Group Data Privacy Notice
Lalique Group Data Privacy Notice
1 | Purpose of the Data Privacy Notice
This Data Privacy Notice applies to Lalique Group worldwide for all personal information we collect when you either visit one of our official websites or our Lalique boutiques to buy goods or services from us or which you give to us when you provide us with your goods or services.
Unless your country's laws on personal data protection require explicit consent, by indicating your details in the manner described above, you agree that (i) we collect your personal information in the manner described in this Data Privacy Notice (ii) transmit your personal information to countries other than yours (including countries outside the European Union).
We take your privacy very seriously and we ask that you read this Data Privacy Notice carefully as it contains important information on the personal information we collect about you; what we do with your information and with whom your information might be shared.
Any questions about our Data Privacy Notice our handling of your personal data should be directed to personaldata@lalique.fr (see below "How to contact us").
2 | Scope and amendment of the Data Privacy Notice
This Data Privacy Notice applies to all companies of the Lalique Group, which means for Lalique Group SA and all of its subsidiaries and their employees. The Data Privacy Notice covers all processing of personal data.
In countries where the data of legal entities are protected in the same way as personal data, this Data Privacy Notice equally to the data of legal persons. Anonymized data, e.g. for statistical evaluations or investigations, are not subject to this Data Privacy Notice.
Our Data Privacy Notice for the use of our websites and the Data Privacy Notice of the Lalique Group does not apply to your activities on the websites of social networks or other providers, which you can reach via the links on our websites. Please inform yourself on the websites of these providers about their Data Privacy Notice.
We may occasionally make changes to this Data Privacy Notice. You should review this Data Privacy Notice before you provide us with your personal information, and occasionally verify that you are aware of the most recent version of any access you may make to this website or the purchase of our products.
3 | What information do we collect?
We collect personal information about you (such as your name, address, email address and telephone number) when you make an enquiry, register with us or purchase products from us or offer to supply us with goods or services, in the context of a registration, submitting a contact form, a survey, a competitive bid or for the execution of a contract, and in these cases only to the extent that we have received your consent or according to applicable legislation (further information see below under section "Legal Basis of Processing").
Email marketing campaigns published by us may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscribed activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include: the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email consent, times, dates and frequency of activity (this list is not comprehensive).
4 | Cookies
Lalique uses cookies and pixel tags to track the customers’ usage of the Website and to understand the customers’ preferences (such as country and language choices). This enables Lalique to provide better services to the customers and improve the online experience. Lalique also uses cookies and pixel tags to obtain aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction, to identify trends and obtain statistics so that Lalique can improve the Website. There are generally two categories of cookies used on the Website:
Functional
These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. These include cookies that allow users to be remembered as the user explores the Website within a single session or, if the user requests, from session to session. They help make the shopping cart and checkout process possible as well as assist in security issues and conforming to regulations.
Performance
These cookies allow Lalique to improve the Website’s functionality by tracking usage. In some cases, these cookies improve the speed with which Lalique can process the user’s request and allow remembering site preferences the user has selected. Refusing these cookies may result in poorly-tailored recommendations and slow site performance.
By visiting the Website with Client’s browser configured to allow cookies, Client allows such use. Such approval will be valid for a period that won’t exceed 13 months.
The Website user may deactivate the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on its browser. These settings are typically found in the Tools or Options menus. In any case, the user can refer to the Help menu of the Internet browser.
Cookies of Lalique
Name : ci_session (1 month duration)
Used to store the cart information and the profile of the connected user (if any).
Name: lalique_identity & lalique_remember_code (2 years duration)
Used to authenticate connected user (within an active session) on lalique.com.
Third-party Cookies
Name: Google Analytics
Used to monitor visitor traffic and behavior on the university websites. This enables Lalique to estimate more accurately the numbers of visitors to particular pages and plan for volumes of usage.
The following cookie is set by Google Analytics:
Cookie Name        Expiration Time             Description
_ga                       26 months                      Used to distinguish users.
_gat                      10 minutes                      Used to throttle request rate.
In addition, Google Analytics now has the ability to tap into data collected via remarketing and the Google advertising network (as described below). No user will be personally identifiable, however this service will collect information about gender, age and areas of interest where appropriate.
Social networks
These cookies are used when integrating social media and the sharing of content. The following cookies are set by Lalique social media and their expiration time is up to 2 years: c_user, datr, Lu, s , xs
Remarketing advertising features
The website uses third-party cookies, particularly click-track cookies, to better understand the interests and sessions of the users. These cookies are used to display advertisements on third-party websites based on user interests and sessions, which is referred to as "retargeting" or “remarketing”. With the advertisements Lalique aims to show the products that may be of interest to the customers.
This technology does not store any private user data such as email address, postal address or phone number.
5 | Who do we share your personal information with?
We may send information about you to other parties,  other companies within our group, our agents, associates and service providers and law enforcement agencies in connection with any investigation to help prevent unlawful activity.
Our websites may also contain offers from third-parties. If you click on such offers, we will transfer data to the respective provider to the required extent (eg the indication that you have found this offer with us and, if necessary, further information that you have already indicated on our website).
We integrate so-called "social plug-ins" of social networks on our websites such as Facebook, Twitter, Google and Instagram. If you have a user account with the network and are logged in at the moment of activating the social plug-in, the network can assign your visit to our website to your user account. Your connection to a social network, the communications between your network and your system, and your interactions on this platform are governed exclusively by the privacy policies of each network.
If you click on the link to an offer or activate a social plug-in, personal data may reach providers in countries outside the European Economic Area, which from the European Union ("EU") perspective do not meet EU standards appropriate "adequate level of protection" for the processing of personal data.
6 | Transfer of Personal Data outside the EEA
By principle, we do not send your data outside the EEA.
However, due to the international activities of Lalique and in order to optimize the quality of service, the information referred to above are likely to involve transfers of personal data outside your country and / or to countries that are not members of the European Economic Area, whose personal data protection laws differ from those of the European Union.
In that case, Lalique shall apply rigorous and appropriate physical, organizational and technical measures/procedures to ensure the security and confidentiality of personal data in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation.
7 | How will we use the information about you?
We process data about you to:
to provide the desired goods,
to identify you and manage your accounts with us,
to provide our customer service,
adapt our website and its content to your preferences,
to develop our services,
to notify you of any changes to our website or services that may affect you,
To inform you about other products or services that may be of interest to you
We may use any information we submit to you to provide you with further information by post or e-mail about the products and services we have requested and / or that you may have requested are of interest. You can unsubscribe at any time by contacting us as outlined below.
detect and prevent fraud
8 | Keeping your data secure
Our staff are bound by obligations of confidentiality and trained in the protection of personal data.  We will take all reasonable steps to comply with the Legislation and use the appropriate technical and organisational measures necessary to safeguard your personal data. We only share your personal data with third-parties who are also required to comply with the Legislation.
While we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal data, you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that is transferred from you or to you via the internet. If you have any particular concerns about your information, please contact us (see “How to contact us” below).
9 | Retention Periods
We store your personal data on secure servers for a period of:
personal information held in sales contract information - 10 years from the delivery of the products or the last transaction.
until you ask us to destroy it
In each case unless the law requires us to store the data for a longer period.
10 | Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
Insofar as you have given us consent to the processing of your personal data, this constitutes the legal basis for the processing (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR).
For processing of personal data for the purpose of initiating or fulfilling a contract with you, the legal basis is Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
Insofar as the processing of your personal data is necessary in order to fulfill our legal obligations (for example to store data), we are entitled to do so in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (c) GDPR.
In addition, we process personal data for the purpose of exercising our legitimate interests and legitimate interests of third-parties in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. Maintaining the functionality of our IT systems, but also the marketing of our own and third-party products and services and the legally required documentation of business contacts are such legitimate interests.
11 | Your Rights
As a person affected by data processing, you have the right to information (Article 15 GDPR), correction (Article 16 GDPR), data deletion (Article 17 GDPR), limitation of processing (Article 18 GDPR) and data portability (Article 20 GDPR).
If you have consented to the processing of your personal data by us, you have the right to revoke your consent at any time. The legality of the processing of your personal data until a revocation is not affected by the revocation. Likewise, the further processing of these data on the basis of another legal basis, such as the fulfillment of legal obligations (see section "Legal basis of processing"), remains unaffected.
Right of objection: You have the right at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to prevent the processing of personal data concerning you, which is based on Art. 6 (1) (e) GDPR (Data Processing in the Public Interest) or Art. 6 Par 1 f) GDPR (data processing on the basis of a balance of interests) takes place, objecting. If you object, we will process your personal data only if we can prove compelling legitimate reasons that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or if the processing of the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims serves.
If possible, please send your claims or explanations to the following contact address: personaldata@lalique.fr
If you believe that the processing of your personal data violates legal requirements, you have the right to complain to a competent data protection supervisory authority (article 77 GDPR).
12 | How to contact us
You can contact our data protection officer as follows:
E-Mail: personaldata@lalique.fr
Link to the contact form: https://www.lalique.com/fr/contact
Post:
LALIQUE
Customer Service
11 rue Royale
F75008 Paris
France
Telephone:   +33 (0) 1 55 90 59 63
As of October 2018
ANNEX - Lalique Group
An overview of the company structure with all associated companies can be viewed at any time under the following link: http://lalique-group.com/governance
This overview could be adjusted from time to time to reflect the current changes in the company structure. The status as of September 14, 2018 is as follows:
Company
Location
BENTLEY FRAGRANCES SA
Zurich, Switzerland
CHATEAU HOCHBERG SAS
Wingen-Sur-Moder, France
JAGUAR FRAGRANCES SA
Zurich, Switzerland
LALIQUE ART SA
Zurich, Switzerland
LALIQUE ASIA LTD.
Hong Kong
LALIQUE BEAUTY DISTRIBUTION SA
Zurich, Switzerland
LALIQUE BEAUTY DISTRIBUTION SARL
Ury, France
LALIQUE BEAUTY SA
Zurich, Switzerland
LALIQUE BEAUTY SERVICES SASU
Ury, France
LALIQUE CHINA LTD.
Hong Kong
LALIQUE CRYSTAL SINGAPORE PTE LTD.
Singapore
LALIQUE GMBH
Frankfurt, Germany
LALIQUE GROUP SA
Zurich, Switzerland
LALIQUE JAPAN CO. LTD.
Tokyo, Japan
LALIQUE LTD.
London, Great Britain
LALIQUE MAISON SA
Zurich, Switzerland
LALIQUE NORTH AMERICA INC.
East Rutherford, United States of America
LALIQUE PARFUMS SA
Zurich, Switzerland
LALIQUE SA
Paris, France
LALIQUE SHANGHAI LTD.
Shanghai, China
LALIQUE SUISSE SA
Zurich, Switzerland
LLQ MANAGEMENT SA
Zurich, Switzerland
PARFUMS ALAIN DELON SA
Zurich, Switzerland
PARFUMS GRES SA
Zurich, Switzerland
PARFUMS SAMOURAI SA
Zurich, Switzerland
SCI DU MONT A GRILLON
Ury, France
ULTRASUN (UK) LTD.
Reigate, Great Britain
ULTRASUN AG
Zurich, Switzerland
VILLA RENE LALIQUE SAS
Wingen-Sur-Moder, France