http://www.bdcl.org/terms-and-conditions
Membership
Member Benefits
Membership Options
Join or Renew Membership
Regions
Regions
Everyone is most welcome to join the Club, even if there is no Club Region close to you.
United Kingdom
New Zealand
South Africa
Japan
Switzerland
Netherlands
Australia
Germany
USA
Middle East
Publications
The Review
Advertiser & Diary
News
2020
Events
Club Events
Motorsport
The Club
The Club
Club History
Forum
Galleries
Join the club
Partners
Bentley History
Club Contacts
Club Shop
Club Shop
Contact
Terms Of Website Use
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Reliance On Information Posted & Disclaimer
The materials contained on our site are provided for general information purposes only and do not claim to be or constitute legal or other professional advice and shall not be relied upon as such.
We do not accept any responsibility for any loss which may arise from accessing or reliance on the information on this site and to the fullest extent permitted by English law, we exclude all liability for loss or damages direct or indirect arising from use of this site.
Information about us
http://www.bdcl.org is a site operated by Bentley Drivers Club ("We"); we are a company registered in England and Wales under registration number 00316068. Our registered office is W.O.Bentley Memorial Building, Ironstone Lane, Wroxton, Banbury, Oxfordshire, OX15 6ED.
Accessing our site
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Intellectual property rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Our site changes regularly
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Our liability
The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we, and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for:
loss of income or revenue;
loss of business;
loss of profits or contracts;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of data;
loss of goodwill;
wasted management or office time; and
for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Information about you and your visits to our site
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy.  By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Links from our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.  We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.  When accessing a site via our website we advise you check their terms of use and privacy policies to ensure compliance and determine how they may use your information.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The English courts will have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site.
These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact the web editor.
Club Shop Terms & Conditions
The Bentley Drivers Club Ltd is completely dedicated to your total satisfaction.  If you have any suggestions or comments then please   e-mail us at info@bdcl.org  Our Contact details are: The Bentley Drivers Club Ltd, W.O. Memorial Foundation Building, Ironstone Lane, Wroxton, Banbury, Oxfordshire, OX15 6ED.  V.A.T. Registration No: 194 2615 52
PRICES
Prices shown are GBP and inclusive of V.A.T. at 20% or zero rated as appropriate, but exclusive of post and packing. Please refer to the table below. Note these rates apply to the United Kingdom ONLY, IT IS NOT POSSIBLE TO ACCEPT OVERSEAS ORDERS ONLINE. Please make cheques payable to the ‘Bentley Drivers Club’, goods will be dispatched on clearance of funds.
For overseas orders an e-mail or fax number is required for agreement of shipping costs prior to dispatch, we will endeavour to ship using the most competitive carriers and only pass on the true cost of post and packing. Commercial invoices are available on request.
POST & PACKING (within the UK)
In general goods are shipped via Royal Mail/Parcelforce, however either a ‘tracked’ or an ‘overnight signed for service’ is available, please contact Club Office for a quotation.
For orders up to £9.99 : Add £2.00
For orders from £10.00 to £29.99 : Add £4.00
For orders from £30.00 to £49.99 : Add £6.00
For orders from £50.00 to £99.99 : Add £8.00
For all orders overs £100.00 : Add £10.00
DELIVERY SCHEDULE
For items in stock we will always endeavour to ship right away, however please allow 5 working days for UK orders and International orders are generally received in 10 - 15 working days, the exception to this would be during extreme busy periods in the Club, such as leading up to events etc. For items not in stock, we will back order for you and you will have the option to cancel your order if you would rather not wait. Backordered items are not charged until they are shipped
GUARANTEE
All of our items come with a 30 day no quibble guarantee, should any item fail to give complete satisfaction it will be exchanged or a refund for the cost of the item will be made. The exception to this is any clothing or bespoke item which is manufactured to order and cannot be returned except for manufacturing defects.
ONLINE PAYMENTS
We use a third party to process all card payments (Sage Pay) and you will be briefly directed to their website at the point of card payment.
If your card supplier declines payment we are under no obligation to bring this fact to your attention. You should check with your bank/credit/debit card supplier for further information as to the reason for your card being declined.
Thank you for visiting our site.
Join us Today
Meet fellow Bentley lovers, enjoy the drive and share the fun
Become a member
Stay Connected
Join our newsletter to receive news, updates and discounts