https://www.alpa.org/pages/privacy-policy
About ALPA
About ALPA
What We Do
Our Pilot Groups
Our History
Our Leadership
Careers
Advocacy
Advocacy
Top Priorities
Cargo Safety and Security
Flag-of-Convenience Schemes
COVID-19 Relief
Pilot Supply and the Future of the Profession
Safe Shipment of Hazardous Materials
Secondary Barriers
Single-Pilot Operations
State-Owned Enterprises
Unmanned Aircraft Systems
State of Our Skies: Canada
ALPA-PAC
On Our Radar
Cybersecurity
Federal Flight Deck Officer Program
Fly America and GSA City-Pairs Program
Foreign Ownership & Control and Cabotage
Voluntary Safety Reporting Programs
News & Events
News & Events
Air Line Pilot Magazine
Meetings and Training
News Room
Pilot Resources
Pilot Resources
Benefits
Aeromedical
Member Insurance
Membership Resources
Pilots for Pilots
Career
Cleared to Dream
Preflight
ALPA Mobile Apps
Jumpseat
Safety and Security
FAA Airspace Restrictions
COVID-19
DataComm Guidance
Known Crewmember
Ice Crystal Icing Reporting
Blog
Contact Us
Follow Us
F
T
Y
I
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The following statements disclose the privacy practices of the Air Line Pilots Association's public Internet and private Intranet Web sites. ALPA is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of its members. The Association has adopted a set of guidelines that serve as the basis for the relationship between member data and the Association's Web site. These guidelines have been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving; accordingly, guidelines are subject to change. Should the Association's privacy policy change, any changes will be posted on this page. We ask that you read the following policy, and we encourage you to send us your questions or comments.
Where does ALPA get information about pilot members?
Pilot Information Database: Data in ALPA's membership database comes from several sources, including members themselves, employers, and ALPA officials. This data is entered into the system and updated by designated ALPA employees.
Preferences Page: To access the private, Members Only, Intranet portion of the ALPA Web site, members must agree to abide by the Conditions of Use of site use. When members complete their Preferences pages on the ALPA Intranet site, they supply to the Association their e-mail address, their password, and the manner in which they wish to access documents disseminated by the Association.
The My Account & Address Info link on the ALPA Members Portal takes users to an area where they may update their name, status, phone number, and mailing address data for the membership database.
Usage information: Our site gathers statistical data about the number of visitors to the site and the number of visits to specific areas on the site, much in the same way that highway departments collect statistical data about vehicular traffic patterns.
How does ALPA use this information?
The ALPA site uses pilot information from its membership database to provide members with customized account information and access to specific message boards and MEC and LEC sites. Through choices indicated on their Preferences page, users may elect to receive e-mail notification when material has been posted to Intranet site areas to which they have access. ALPA uses the e-mail address information entered on the Preferences page to send e-mail messages to pilot members when they have elected to participate in this service.
In addition, the Association transmits on a periodic basis, to each pilot e-mail address it has on file, the "ALPA FastRead," a Communications Department publication containing information about the Association's activities, accomplishments, and concerns, as well as industry developments and issues affecting members and the piloting profession. Recipients may decline to receive these e-mail messages at any time. Please see our Opt-Out Policy described below.
Just as highway departments use statistical data to determine how often and to what degree roads must be maintained and improved, the Association uses "site traffic" data as a basis for deciding how site pages can be improved and be made as useful as possible to as many pilot members as possible.
How may members access, update, or correct their information?
At any time, members may add, change, or delete any information contained on their Preferences page. Members may use the My Account & Address Info link on their ALPA Members Portal to access the area where they may make online updates to their member account information. In addition, members may contact their Membership Department Membership Analyst to review, add, change, or delete any personal information contained in the Association's pilot database.
With whom does the Air Line Pilots Association share its membership information?
ALPA does not sell personal information about pilot members, nor does it release or disseminate personal information about members to advertisers, third parties, or any other entities, unless legally required to do so.
What safeguards are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of pilot information?
All information containing personal data (log-in number and password, mailing preferences, etc.) provided to and from the Air Line Pilots Association is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven encryption standard that secures Internet transactions to and from Internet browsers.
Do I need to logoff from alpa.org?
Yes. Furthermore, you should also close you browser when finished with the website – especially when accessing the alpa.org from shared terminals like those found in Crew Rooms or Libraries. These steps insure all cookie and session variables are forced to expire from the computer and prevents users from accessing your personal alpa.org information.
What other information should members know about their privacy?
Throughout the ALPA Intranet, links to Web sites outside the ALPA site may be provided as a convenience. Members should note that when they click on links to these sites, they are entering sites for which ALPA has no responsibility for either content or the privacy of any data that may be intentionally or inadvertently transmitted to that site. The Association encourages members to read the privacy statements of all such sites as their policies may be materially different from ALPA's privacy statement. Members are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of their passwords as well as any account information. They are urged to be careful, responsible, and alert with this information, especially whenever they are logged on to an Internet site.
What are cookies, and how does ALPA use them?
Cookies are pieces of data stored on your computer, tablet, or smartphone. Browser cookies are assigned by a web server to the browser on your device. When you navigate through a site that has previously assigned cookies, your browser gives that site’s data back to the server. Cookies and information gathered through their use make your experience on the ALPA site richer and more personalized based on the content you access. Information gathered through use of cookies may be used to present ALPA-related information and content. Cookies are also used for purposes such as maintaining continuity during an online session; gathering data about the use of our site; and anti-fraud and information security purposes.
Do you have to accept cookies?
You may disable cookies by following the instructions for your browser, but if you block cookies from the ALPA website you will not be able to log in and use the Services provided on the site.
TERMS OF USE
ALPA members are provided access to the ALPA Intranet under terms and conditions set forth in policies established by the ALPA Executive Board. Your access to the ALPA Intranet is contingent upon your acceptance of these terms and conditions. Please read through the text that follows: ALPA will endeavor to provide notice to members when the site is unavailable for maintenance or for other reasons, but ALPA does not guarantee that such notice will be provided, or that access to the site will be uninterrupted or error-free. Throughout the ALPA Intranet, links to Web sites outside the ALPA site may be provided as a convenience. ALPA neither endorses nor benefits from outside links, and ALPA makes no representations concerning any effort to review all content from a linked site. Consequently, ALPA is not and cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, legality or decency of material contained in such sites. When you click on an outside link, you may lose the ALPA menu bar on the left side of your screen. If this happens, use your browser's back button to return to ALPA's site. At certain times, features on the ALPA Intranet may allow the user to send email messages. ALPA recommends caution transmitting messages via email systems, since the confidentiality of information transmitted across the Internet cannot always be guaranteed. ALPA does not sell personal information about members, nor does it release or disseminate personal information about members to advertisers, third parties, or any other entities, unless required by a court. More information about how ALPA maintains and uses member information is available in the ALPA privacy policy. The web browser used on your personal computer must accept "cookies" in order to gain access to the ALPA Intranet. ALPA does not use "cookies" to store personal information about the user.
OPT-OUT POLICY
To remove themselves from the lists of members receiving e-mail notification when material has been posted to their Intranet site areas, members should indicate this fact in the Mailing Options areas of their Members Only Intranet Preferences pages.