https://www.capecodseacamps.com/privacy-policy/
GDPR Client Privacy Policy
Client Privacy Policy – GDPR Statement for our European Union Contacts
In line with the European General Data Protection Regulations, this is our GDPR statement which helps European Union Families, Staff and Alumni understand clearly who we are and how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website or contact us by another means. Cape Cod Sea Camps is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and that there is transparency with regard to the processing of your information. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this statement.
WHO WE ARE
We are Cape Cod Sea Camps and Monomoy Day Camp located at 3057 Main Street in Brewster MA, USA 02631. Phone 508-896-3451
WHAT WE COLLECT
Your personal details which will probably include your name and your contact details and may include the names and or ages of your children as submitted via email or the ‘request a brochure’ or ‘join our mailing list’ buttons on the website or on our camper registration form or website enquiry form. We also maintain contact with our Staff and Camper Alumni who may submit personal details via an online registration from.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
Cape Cod Sea Camps and Monomoy Day Camp will collect and look after your data for the purpose of delivering services and information to you that you have requested and to correspond with you about our camps. Your data is stored and managed in the secure servers of CampMinder Inc located in Boulder CO and is GDPR Compliant. We will never pass your information to any party outside of Cape Cod Sea Camps unless required by law to do so. We do not, give, sell or lease your personal information to anyone outside of Cape Cod Sea Camps.
If you have registered as an Alumni, requested information from Cape Cod Sea camps or if you have submitted a completed registration form to us with payment for a summer camp program we will include you on our mailing list for our regular newsletter and occasional news of Cape Cod Sea Camps promotions and offers. You can opt out of this communication permanently at any time.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Our data handler, CampMinder Inc has also assured us of their GDPR compliance.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites. However, once you have used a link to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
DATA PROTECTION AND REMOVAL OF DATA
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. A small fee may be payable. If you would like a copy of the information we keep on our systems about you please write to our main office. If you believe that any information we are holding is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. You can ask us at any time to delete the information we hold on you by emailing info@capecodseacamps.com or by calling +1.508.896.3451 or by writing to our office.
WHAT ARE COOKIES
A cookie is a small encrypted text file stored on your web browser from websites. They are widely used by online businesses to collect data to learn more about their visitors in general. Some of the data collected includes origins of web traffic, amount of visitors and a visitors’ operating systems and browser types. CCSC employs the use of Google Analytics and Adwords which use cookies. You can disable the use of cookies in your browser settings. Editing Google Cookie Settings.
To read more of a detailed explanation of cookies, please visit www.aboutcookies.org
CHILDREN’s ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
The Cape Cod Sea Camps recognizes how important protecting your personal information is to our clients and we make every effort to protect your privacy. The following information is provided to make you aware of how we protect your privacy and use the information you provide. We make every effort to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COOPA) of April 2000. If you have other questions, please contact us.
If you request information from us or give us your postal address, telephone number or e-mail address through an on-line form you may receive mail, telephone or e-mail correspondence from us. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, phone calls or e-mails, please contact us.
CCSC does not solicit any information from children under 13 on this site, and sections of the site that provide information about campers (such as summer photos) are password protected in accordance with COOPA.
CCSC only collects information which is required for the business and this information is kept on a network where only authorized personal can access it.
The information we collect is used by us solely. The Cape Cod Sea Camps does not sell or rent user information to anyone.
CCSC does track the way in which our website is used by our visitors by collecting information about the pages visited and the type of browsers being used. This information is only used by CCSC for marketing and website development purposes.
CCSC may use “cookies” to track capecodseacamps.com usage and trends through Google Analytics and Adwords . To turn off cookies you can follow the link above to Google’s Cookie Information.
CCSC is not responsible for the accuracy of content or compliance to COPPA on other websites linked to this site.
How to Contact Us:
Cape Cod Sea Camps
P.O. Box 1880
Brewster, MA 02631
508-896-3451
Email: info@capecodseacamps.com