http://www.nationalgamekeepers.org.uk/privacy
Home
About
News
Events
Contact
Members
Join
Shop
Jobs
Training
Privacy
Privacy
National Gamekeepers Organisation (N.G.O.) Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy covers how the N.G.O. collect, use and protect all of your personal information.  If you have any questions relating to the policy or how we process your personal data then please contact us on 01833 660869 or email info@nationalgamekeepers.org.uk.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into force on 25th May 2018 and under this you now have the following additional rights to those in the Data Protection Act 1998:
* To withdraw consent for us to store/use your personal data
* To require us to erase all personal information
* To require us to restrict or object to specific data processing activities
* To request that you receive a copy of all personal information you have given and which we hold about you.
Use and storage of your personal information
The N.G.O. have gained your personal details directly from yourself through membership applications/renewals, purchases of our products/services, through contact from surveys/competitions/courses, or if you have registered to receive information or raised any concerns directly with us.
The data we hold could include the following:
* Individuals Name, Address, Date of Birth, Gender, Telephone Numbers, Email Addresses, Family Member details, Attendance of Events and Training Courses
* Business Name, Contacts, Address, Telephone Numbers, Email Addresses, VAT and Company Registration Numbers
* Financial information including Bank Account Details and Credit/Debit Card Details (not complete card information)
What we might use your information for
The N.G.O. may store and use your personal information for the following:
* Update membership details, insurance covers and other related services
* Communicate with you about your membership, our work, policies, claims, courses, events and including responding to your enquiries
* Use your payment details to process payments relating to memberships, renewals, refunds, courses and events
* Fulfil our obligations owed to any relevant regulator, tax authority or revenue service
* Communicate with you on any matters relating to shooting, conservation or any events happening within your area which could be of interest
Who we share your data with
The N.G.O. will never share or sell your details to any third-party companies.  The N.G.O. where relevant may only share your information with the following:
* Third party service providers who support our organisation, such as Mailing House, IT and financial service providers.
*Regulators and law enforcement agencies including HMRC, Police and Financial Conduct Authority or any other relevant authority who may have jurisdiction.
How long your information is kept
We will retain your personal data on our records for a period of time and this will either be archived, deleted or anonymised.  If you have any questions in relation to retention of your personal data please do not hesitate to contact us.
Legitimate Interests
The Privacy Policy details are necessary for compliance with our legal obligations and/or is necessary for our legitimate interests.  Our “legitimate interests” include our legitimate business purpose to uphold the roles and objectives of the N.G.O. as contained in our Articles of Association and the commercial interests necessary to operate the business in a customer-focused sustainable and efficient manner in accordance with all legal and regulatory requirements.
If you are not satisfied with how we are holding or processing your personal information, would like to remove or check any data that we have on our records then please contact us.  If you have notified us that you wish to cancel your membership with the N.G.O. then all methods of contact to you are removed from our system.
Join the National Gamekeepers Organisation and Support Gamekeeping
Trade & Corporate
£100/year
Join Now
Gamekeeper Member
£45/year
Join Now
Supporter Member
£45/year
Join Now
Family
£100/year
Join Now
Joining the NGO is easy and can be done now online.
Or if you prefer, call 01833 660 869
BECOMING A GAMEKEEPER
GAMEKEEPING JOBS
SUPPORT GAMEKEEPERS
ABOUT GAMEKEEPING ANCESTORS
MEMBERS' AREA
About The NGO
About The NGO
Policy
Achievements
Galleries
NGO Sponsors
NGO In Wales
NGO Deer Branch
NGO Moorland Branch
About Gamekeeping
About Gamekeeping
Learn More About Gamekeeping
Becoming A Gamekeeper
Gamekeeping Jobs (Gamekeepers Welfare Trust)
Tracing Gamekeeper Ancestors
Gamekeepers and Wildlife
NGO Magazine
NGO Insurance
NGO Trade Directory
NGO Trade Directory
4x4 Vehicles
Game Cover
Gun Dogs
Game Feed
Rearing & Keeping Supplies
Firearms, Guns, & Optics
Deer Stalking Supplies
Legal Help
Estates And Shoots
ATV
UTV
Clothing
Construction
Game Farms
Colleges and Training
Other Organisations
Miscellaneous
Veterinary Surgeons
Sporting Agents
Ammunition Reloading
Game Dealers
NGO Educational Trust
Advertisements
Join our newsletter mailing list:
Subscribe
Join the ngo
Quick Links
Home
Online Shop
News
Events
Training
Codes of Practice
Contact
Other Links
About the NGO
NGO Magazine
About Gamekeeping
NGO Insurance
Members' Area
NGO Educational Trust
NGO Trade Directory
Resources
Privacy
Legal
Terms Of Membership
Terms of Sale
Sitemap
Contact
Address
National Gamekeepers Organisation
PO Box 246 Darlington DL1 9FZ
Phone
01833 660 869
Email
info@nationalgamekeepers.org.uk
Copyright © 2011 - 2020 The National Gamekeepers Organisation