http://www.atlanticbrewing.com/privacy-policy/
This site is owned and operated by Atlantic Brewing Company. Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. We want to make your online experience safe and fun. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
We gather two types of information about users:
1. Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to ask questions or provide comments to the staff or if you sign up for newsletters, and/or authenticate to the website with third party identities (Open ID, Facebook).
2. Information gathered through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our site. We do not distribute or divulge this information to others except to improve our site.
Consistent with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
Usage and Tracking Information We do break down overall usage statistics according to a user’s domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user’s browser).
Cookies We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided.
Consent By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Atlantic Brewing Company. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER! Get updates on special events, offerings, and more
News
Winter Beer Fest 2017: A Success!
January 17, 2017
Winter Beer Fest
January 10, 2017
Beer Tasting
April 14, 2015
Footer Menu
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Employment
Newsroom
Giving
Site Map
Copyright © 2020 - All Rights ReservedAtlantic Brewing Company15 Knox Road Bar Harbor, Maine 04609