http://www.women-in-aviation.com/privacy.html
What's New
Search
Contact Us
About the WIARC
Privacy Statement
The Women In Aviation Resource Center (WIARC) respects your privacy and your time online. As a result, we've created this statement to explain what information (if any) we collect while you are at our site, how it is used, and how to correct or change it.
Contacting the Web Site: If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please do not hesitate to contact Henry M. Holden
Email Links: You will find links at the site for sending us an email message. We use your email address to send you a reply. Although we may save a copy of the email message and our reply, we will not use your email address for any other purposes or disclose it to any third parties.
Opt-in Mailing List: Should you subscribe to our mailing list, we will send you announcements from time to time with information on updates to the site, or news involving women in aviation. At any time, you may unsubscribe by using the form at http://www.women-in-aviation.com/maillist.html. In addition, an unsubscription link is included at the bottom of each mailing. Subscription to our mailing list is optional and requires your consent and verification. The only piece of information required is your e-mail address; this is only used to distribute the requested newsletter.
External Links: This site contains links to other web sites we feel may be of interest to our visitors. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Take Our Poll: We offer interactive polls for visitors to share opinions with other users. A cookie is used to track if you've voted, so you can vote only once on a particular question. This cookie is not correlated with information about individual users.
Discussion Forums: Users of the Message Board must register separately in order to post messages (not to simply read messages). During registration, you must provide us with a username (which does not have to be your real name), password and a valid e-mail address. At any time, you have the ability to keep your e-mail address hidden from other users by selecting that option within your user profile. When you register, you also have the option of providing additional information such as occupation, interests, and homepage URL. This optional information is made available to other bulletin or message board users to foster a sense of community. If you have any concerns about providing this information, simply leave the fields blank and your registration will still be processed.
Web Logs / IP Addresses: Our web server creates standard web logs which contain the IP addresses of visitors for system administration purposes, and to help diagnose problems with our server. IP addresses are also logged to analyze a user's session. This gives us an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a users session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous.
Use of Cookies: A cookie is a small data file that web sites often write to your hard drive when you visit them. If you choose to accept these cookies, they enable us to recognize that your browser has previously visited and used our site and, based on your browser's previous visits, assist us with tailoring information and/or content you view. However, the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. You do not have to accept cookies to visit or use our site, and you can choose to refuse our cookie, delete our cookie from your hard drive, or turn off acceptances of cookies in your browser.
Use and Disclosure of Your Information: We do not and will not disclose your private, personally identifiable information to any third party for any purpose without your prior consent. This said, we do reserve the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our company, its employees, customers, or the public.
© 2001 Black Hawk Publishing, or respective copyright holders
All Rights Reserved | Updated 17-March-2001