https://www.daviddenies.com/privacy-policy/
Argentina, Chile & Uruguay
Site Map
Test New
Testimonials
Thank You
Thank You – Plan Your High Volume Dove Hunting Trip
Thanks for visiting our website and completing the online questionnaire
Thanks for your interest in David Denies
Thanks Page – Win a get hunting trip
The Experience in Pictures
Accommodations
Meals
Natural Environment
The Field
The Hunting
Time-Out
Why Hunt with us?
Win a dove shooting trip to Cordoba, for 2 shooters!
WIN A HUNTING TRIP
Work With Us
Book Your Trip
Why Hunt With Us?
Bird Hunting by Species
The Lodges
Online Brochures
Rates
After Booking
Online Payment
Pre – Trip Questionnaire
Bringing Guns
WHAT HAPPENS TOTHE BIRDS?
Our Other Sporting Lodges
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy gives you examples of the types of data we collect, use, share or disclose, as well as the kind of companies with whom we share such data. These examples serve only to illustrate; they should not be considered all of the data we may collect, use or share.
Information we may collect
Information we receive from you when you enrol, request a service, or file a claim on one of our websites, such as name, address, contract number, credit card issuer and account number, personal identification number, e-mail address, service contract information and claim information.
Information about your transactions with our company, subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies, and/or related intermediaries; this could be your name, address, telephone number, age, credit card use, insurance coverage, transaction history, claims history and premiums.
In some cases, information concerning your visits to our Internet web sites and may include session number and user ID. You should review the legal notice, terms of use, site agreement or similar named link appearing on any of our websites that you visit. These documents will inform you of any “cookies” utilized by us or the nature of any personal information that will be collected from you.
David Denies (“DD”), its subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies and/or related intermediaries do not collect any personal data unless voluntarily provided by you or as allowed by applicable laws in force. Therefore you acknowledge that you are offering your personal data voluntarily and that such information is true and correct. If you choose not to consent, you may inform us at any time sending an e-mail to the following address: info@daviddenies.com , thus, we will stop using your data and it will be removed from our database.
Accessing, correcting, removing, or updating personal data.
Upon receiving your written request, DD, its subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies and/or related intermediaries shall provide you any classified personal data about you, according to the provisions of local laws on protection of personal data protection. The right of access to personal data may be exercised by the interested party free of charge as long as such information is requested no more than once every six months. If any piece of information is incorrect, or you wish to update or remove any of them, we will correct, update or remove such information at no cost. For that purpose, please send an e-mail to info@daviddenies.com stating in the subject field “Inform”, “Modify”, “Remove” and/or “Update” as appropriate, together with the object of your request.
Any data provided by you shall be used in the course of our relation with our clients or potential clients in order to deliver products and services to you, facilitate queries management, process requests or grant access to specific information or promotions. We may also use your personal data to contact you regarding promotions to offer you our other products and services we think may be of your eventual interests. We may disclose all of the data we collect as described above to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf, or with whom we have joint marketing agreements. In this sense, the visitor of the site authorizes DD to share any personal data provided with its subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies.
Data disclosure
DD shall not disclose your personal data and does not authorize any of its subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies or related intermediaries to do so, unless such disclosure (i) is necessary for providing customer assistance or handling claims, (ii) is requested pursuant to any law or regulation in force or by any governmental or judicial authority (iii) is necessary to file or pursue any claim or to seek judicial redress or (iv) is necessary to prevent frauds or maintain software. Given the technical nature of some of the tasks involved, it is possible that the data be shared with third parties other than DD subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies, even though DD requires, however, that those with whom we disclose or share your data abide by our Privacy Policy when dealing with your data.
Our security procedures
We restrict access to data about you to those employees whom we know have a valid business purpose to have access to such data to provide products or services to you. We use reasonable security techniques that protect your data. We train and educate our employees on the meaning and requirements of our strict standards for data security and confidentiality. We require those who provide services for us and to whom we provide your data to follow the same security restrictions.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.