http://www.endeavorballoon.com/montana-balloon-privacy-policy.php
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for Endeavor Aviation Inc including the site MontanaBalloon.com
Information Collection and Use
Endeavor Aviation Inc is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different
from what is disclosed in this statement. Endeavor Aviation Inc collects information from our users at several different points on our websites.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable
information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to
log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the
user will be limited in some areas of our site. For example, the user will not be able to participate in any of our Sweepstakes, Contests or monthly Drawings that take place.
Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Some of our business partners use cookies on our site
(for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to
personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage
our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy
statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name, email address and phone number.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore
has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information
(such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving
the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our user's information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
While we use our best efforts to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line.
If you have any questions about the security at our website please contact us.
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a
newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service.
We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or
remove that user's personal data provided to us. Please contact us to make any and all corrections.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject
line in the email or by contacting us. Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an
informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances,
if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users b
y way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under
which the information was collected.