http://www.maineguides.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Maine Professional Guides - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Maine Professional Guides Association respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting it. Maine Professional Guides Association provides this Privacy Statement to inform you of our Privacy Policy and practices and about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. We make this notice readily available on our home page and at the bottom of every web page. What we collect:
If you inquire through our contact form or site analysis form, any information your submit will be used to answer your inquiry ONLY.
We do track IP's and user sessions for security purposes only.
How we use this information:
All information you submit to us, will be used internally at Maine Professional Guides Association to help answer your inquiring or meet your needs.
In the case of client information, we use the contact information of existing clients to inform them of changes and offers at Maine Professional Guides Association through direct e-mail.
What we do not do:
We cannot control the practices of sites linked to and from this website.
We will NEVER give your contact information or any related information you submit to Maine Professional Guides Association to a third party.
MPGA News
Impacts of COVID 19
Everyone is experiencing a loss of business over the summer and potential loss of business this fall. Hopefully you are already working to minimize the impacts.
A primary goal of everyone is to make sure that no one gets sick as a result of guiding or being on a guided trip in Maine that includes our families and community members.
What can you do to meet this challenge?
Adapt your business to the new situation make changes in how you do things that improve everyone’s safety.
July 26, 2020 |
Read More
Become A Member
Learn more about the benefits of joining the Maine Professional Guide Association.
Join or Renew
MAINE AT A GLANCE
FishingHuntingRecreationMapsUseful Links
Looking For A Guide
Looking For A Guide