https://www.clubpolo.co.uk/privacy/
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
Notice to Hotmail/Gmail & BT Internet users - Please check your SPAM/JUNK folders for our emails. Please add our email as a contact to your email account.
Light/Dark Mode Enabled: You can now select the option by clicking the moon/lightbulb in the top right corner!
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which ClubPolo collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.clubpolo.co.uk website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Club Polo.
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you provide, whilst using our website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Any information provided by you to us, by which you can be identified, will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We may change this policy as and when necessary. It is your responsibility to check this privacy policy periodically to ensure you agree with any changes; you will be notified on your next login to the website whenever changes are made.
What information we collect:
When using our services, we may require some of the following information:
Email address
Personal Address (for sending out ClubPolo Memberships Packs)
Internet Protocol (IP) address
Geographical location
Length of visit, page views, website navigation and any other related browsing activity
What we do with the information we collect:
The information you provide to us is required for, but not limited to, the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
Access to our website
Account management
Sending out ClubPolo Membership Packs
Sending notices of relevant communications
Security:
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place safeguards to secure the information we collect.
You have the option to activate ‘two factor authentications’ in your account settings. This is a recommended step to take after registering, however we reserve the right to make this mandatory at any future date. To use this additional security setting you will need access to a smart mobile phone and download the Google Authenticator App or other authentication applications that are supported.
How we use cookies and IP addresses:
We use small text files, called cookies, to store information in your web browser. The information stored may include preferences, session identification, HTTP information, and IP address.
You can set your browser to not receive cookies, but this may degrade your ability to use our website.
The Cookies we use are as follows:
Session Cookies – we use these when you enter our website and they remain in place whilst you are using our website. A session cookie is stored in temporary memory and is not normally retained after the browser is closed. Session cookies do not collect information from a user’s computer.
User Cookies – these remember your choices when using our website such as login details, what you have viewed and other actions that you perform whilst visiting our website. These cookies are retained after you close your web browser.
Third Party Cookies – generally these are cookies deposited by other websites which may or may not be affiliated with our website. These may be tracking, or analytical cookies related to: YouTube videos that you post or view and other media types for videos or audio.
IP addresses of computers used to visit our website, are stored in our database. This includes when first registering for an account, managing your account details, writing a private or public message or performing any other transaction which results in data being transferred to or from your computer and the website in question.
Your IP address is not visible to the public at any time.
Links to other websites:
Our website may contain links to other websites. These websites may or may not be affiliated with our website.
We have no control over any external websites therefore clicking any link which results in you visiting an external website will result in this privacy policy no longer applying and we cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites.
Controlling your personal information:
When using our website, you may choose to limit public viewing of applicable personal information through the settings located in your personal account.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you site information or other information pertaining to your account. You can adjust what types of communication you prefer to receive in your account settings.
If you discover any of the information that we hold for you is incorrect or incomplete, that you are unable to change yourself, please contact us as soon as possible so the necessary changes can be made. A contact link is available at the bottom of every page on this site and you can also Personal Message an administrator using the sites internal messaging system.
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
You may request a copy of any information that we hold on you that could potential identify you as an individual. You may also request that we delete all information that we hold on you should you wish to close your account and no longer be a member of our website. This includes:
Your name/username
Email address
Known IP addresses
Known devices
Opt in details and customer data
Non-personal identification information:
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
How we protect your information:
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information:
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Deletion of Posts and Inactive User Accounts:
Our policy states that it will not delete posts en masse nor will it delete inactive user accounts. By accessing this community forum, users are opting to submit material or content on to a publicly accessible, shared space where one participants contribution directly influences the input of another Was a particular post helpful to others? Is a certain topic more popular amongst certain users? Every submission is affected by what precedes and follows it.
Deleting a single user account and a series of their postings is therefore most detrimental to our remaining members, who would see the value of their own contributions diminish as their comments would appear to be completely out of context and thus nonsensical. Disjointed threads would undoubtedly serve as frustrating reads for our thousands of loyal users. Moreover, the special aspect of a community forum such as this is its ability to preserve information and interactions the ability to look back on what has past. The deletion of posts and accounts would not only affect the cohesion and consistency of the website. It would also unnecessarily rob the community of its sense of community.
Lastly, in the unlikely instance that account and manual post-by-post deletion requests are ever accepted, one is reminded that it would not prevent postings that have already been referenced or quoted by other users, from appearing elsewhere on this site.
While inactive accounts will remain on our systems, we will remove email addresses from our servers upon request.
Third party websites:
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Advertising:
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense:
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Compliance with children's online privacy protection act:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this privacy policy:
Club Polo has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms:
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
https://www.clubpolo.co.uk/contact/
This document was last updated on May 22nd, 2018.
Third Parties
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Privacy Policy
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
reCAPTCHA V2
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
About Us
Rapidly becoming the largest and most active club of Polo enthusiasts in the UK.
The Club was formed by the amalgamation of the Polo GT/Coupe S Owners Club and the Polo Coupe Owners Club back in 2000.
ClubPolo.co.uk is one of the most popular VW sites on the web. It is hoped that members of the club will contribute pictures and spec lists of their cars to be published in the gallery and articles on any hints, tips or modifications they have carried out. There is also a number of pages detailing the discounts and merchandise available through the club and links to other related sites.
The Polo Social 2020
20th Anniversary - The Polo Social is a social event every year that is put on by Club Polo which is open to all VW Polo owners from any Club. So if you are part of a local club bring everyone down and grab a spot in the field.
Tickets (TBC)
More Information
About the show
Sponsors
Auto-Glanz Detailing
Chris Knott Insurance
VW Heritage
Club Membership £5.50
All Benefits from Members
Membership Card
Exclusive Sticker
Club Only Area
Exclusive Discounts
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
Forums
Browse
Back
Calendar
Online Users
Leaderboard
Activity
Back
All Activity
My Activity Streams
Back
All Activity
Search
Our Picks
Store
Back
Store
Donations
Support
Back
Contact Us
Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Classifieds
Back
×
Create New...
Important Information
We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better. You can adjust your cookie settings, otherwise we'll assume you're okay to continue. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Guidelines
I accept
Change theme