http://www.momsminivan.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy & Terms of Use
Privacy
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what personally identifiable information we may collect and how it may be used. This statement only applies to this Website , collectively referred to as WEBSITE.
This website is a general audience website. We do not collect personal data (name, addresses, or other personally identifying information) from users under age 16, or anyone else for that matter. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used for technical purposes only.
Please read the following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) closely before using MomsMinivan.com. By accessing, browsing and using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to comply with the terms and conditions stated here. If you do not agree with any part of these Terms and Conditions, YOU MUST NOT USE THIS SITE.
We may at any time modify these Terms and Conditions. Your continued use of this Website will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to the terms and conditions.
Advertising:
This site uses 3rd party advertisers which may use cookies to track advertising sales. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies.
Please see the Advertising Disclosure page for full information about our use of ads.
Copyright Information:
ALL written material and personal photos on this site are Copyright © Laurel Regnier -MomsMinivan.com. All rights reserved. Do not copy any written material onto another website or onto printed material without specific permission and authorization from Momsminivan.com. Do not use any of the unauthorized material from this website without permission. Even if credited to Momsminivan.com or Laurel Regneir, you still must have permission!
All original images and photos are owned by and are copyright ©Momsminivan.com and may not be reproduced on other websites or in print media without permission. All rights reserved. Advertiser’s images belong to their respective advertiser. Stock art is licensed for use. Logo clipart is courtesy of ArtToday and complies with their terms of use commensurate ©2000 arttoday.com
Use Restriction:
This Site is intended for personal use. You may not use robots or other automated means to access this Site, unless specifically permitted in writing by Momsminivan.com / Laurel Regnier.  The “FREE PRINTABLES” content available on this Site may be printed for personal use.
Small Group Use:
If you have a small group you are personally using the materials for, such as a Scout troop activity or a church bus trip, or preschool class, permission for use is also granted.  Permission is also granted for school groups and classes, provided you do not alter the pages or remove any of the author information from the page, and that the user personally volunteers or works at the school (such as the teacher). School districts need to contact me for permission for district-wide use.
Materials may NOT be reproduced in books or electronic materials for redistribution without consent.
PDF files may NOT be re-posted on other websites.
PDF files may NOT be copied for re-distribution, and all digital copies shall remain at momsminivan.com.
Permission is granted to electronically copy and print  hard-copy portions of this Site for the sole purpose of using this Site as a resource, such as in social media to share information about the site.  Any other use of materials or Content on this Site, including reproduction for a purpose other than that noted above without MomsMinivan’s prior written consent is prohibited and subject to legal action and financial restitution.
Linking to MomsMinivan.com
You may post the Momsminivan.com link on another site such as Pinterest or other social media to refer to this Site as a resource.  The Link may only be used in the format “MomsMinivan.com” or “MomsMinivan“. MomsMinivan reserves the right to terminate any and/or all uses of the Link at any time. Notwithstanding approval to use the Link, you must still abide by the “Use Restrictions” listed above.
Contacting the Web Site
Momsminivan.com is created and owned by Laurel Regnier. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, or the practices of this site, please contact me directly by email. Thank you!
Please Share!
Reader Favorites!
sponsored:
Mad-Libs - Road Trips
Super fun!
Car Seat Tray - with built-in whiteboard!
Retro Auto Bingo!
Kids Air Mattress
Latest Posts
Free Printable Car Games!
Car Travel Games for Kids
Free Printable Car Bingo Cards
How to Make an Edible Campfire Snack – Learn Fire Safety!
Car Seat Travel Tray
Road Trip Scavenger Hunt – Printable!
Follow MomsMinivan