https://www.citroen.com.au/legal-mentions/
COVID-19 UPDATES
FIND OUT MORE
HomeLegal mentions
Legal mentions
Legal mentionsImportant notice
Citroen Automobiles Australia offers this website as a general guide to product specifications.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, none of Citroen or any of its respective employees, agents, third party content providers or licensors makes any express or implied representation or warranty about, or shall be liable, in any way, for any direct, indirect, special or consequential loss, damages or reliance in connection with, this site. This includes (but is not restricted to) loss or damage you might suffer as a result of any of the following:
(a) Your reliance on the completeness, accuracy or currency of the site;
(b) Failure or delay of performance or in operation or transmission, computer virus or other harmful component, loss of data, communication line failure or unlawful third party conduct, or theft, destruction, alteration or unauthorised access to records;
(c) Accessing any sites or servers maintained by other organisations through links on this site. Links are provided for the convenience of our site users only and without responsibility for the content or operation of those sites. Unless otherwise stated, linked sites and their products and services are not endorsed by us and you link to any such site at your own risk; and
(d) Defamatory, threatening, offensive or unlawful conduct of third parties.
All illustrations, information and specifications referred to on the site are correct at the time of publication. To the extent permitted by law, we reserve the right to discontinue or change the models, features, specifications or designs of the vehicles referred to herein, at their discretion and without prior notice. Please consult your local Citroen dealer for the latest information.
Whilst all care has been taken to provide you with information in regards to the general use of Citroen’s products, you should not rely solely on the information provided in this website. You should discuss your intended purposes or use of Citroen products with your Citroen dealer before making a purchase decision.
Vehicles pictured on the site may be shown fitted with optional extras. Prices that you may be quoted by a Citroen dealer may not include the cost of these optional extras unless you inform the dealer that you are inquiring about the model with the optional extras.
Due to computer hardware and software, actual vehicle colours may vary from those reproduced on the site.
Citroen Automobiles Australia is the trading name of Inchcape European Automotive Pty Limited (ABN 97 070 000 789).
YOUR PRIVACY IS OUR POLICY
This policy applies to us, Inchcape European Automotive Pty Limited (ABN 97 070 000 789), trading as CITROEN Automobiles Australia (“Citroen”, “we”, “us” or “our”). In it, we will outline our obligations in managing the personal information you have shared with us. You might be a customer, a potential customer, a contractor or anyone else who has come into contact with us or our related companies. But whoever you are, we’re glad you’re here and we want you to enjoy your experience, both online and offline.
So rest assured, we take absolute care to respect your privacy. We are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles (‘APPs’) contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (‘Privacy Act’) that require us to handle your personal information responsibly. ‘Personal Information’ is defined within the Privacy Act as information or an opinion about an individual, which can be used to identify that individual.
In this policy, we lay out all the information that we’re required by law to notify you of regarding how we collect, store, use and disclose your personal information.
In this policy “personal information” has the meaning set out in the Privacy Act. Basically, personal information is information or an opinion about an individual who is reasonably identifiable.
Authorised Citroen dealers are independent business entities which are not related to Citroen and may have privacy policies which are different from ours. Citroen dealers are responsible for their own privacy policies and privacy practices. Please contact your Citroen dealer directly for enquiries or further information.
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We’ll collect your information for a number of reasons, including:
to respond to enquiries regarding the products and services that we and/or our authorised dealers offer;
to provide and market our products and services;
to administer customer and warranty claims and service and recall campaigns;
to inform you of offers and events and to facilitate and process your ordering of any special offers, products and services;
to attend to or assist in the servicing or repair of your Citroen vehicle, including the provision of roadside assistance services and online vehicle service & repair booking facilities with or for Citroen dealers;
to conduct analytics for the purposes of product development, market research determining preferred customer products or services and marketing and promotional activities;
to contact you directly or through our service providers and research agencies, to obtain your feedback and find out your level of satisfaction with our products, services and our authorised Citroen dealers;
to contact you if you are a winner of a Citroen trade promotion that you enter;
to help us manage, develop and enhance the products and services that we and/or our authorised Citroen dealers offer, to create a better, more personalised experience for you; and
to meet our legal obligations.
In most cases, we only use your information for the primary purpose it was collected. We’ll tell you what the primary purpose is at the time of collection and we’ll let you know any reasonably expected secondary purposes too. We don’t need to know any sensitive information about our customers (e.g. ethnic origin, political opinions, etc.) and will never ask you for this because, as we’re sure you’d agree, it’s just not necessary. We also take reasonable steps to provide clear, complete and up-to-date information about our business and the products and services we offer, like how to get in touch with us. This kind of information helps you to make informed choices.
If you don’t want to provide us with your personal information, we might not be able to respond to your enquiry or provide you with our products and services. For example, if you’ve purchased one of our cars, we might not be able to notify you of a recall or a safety or warranty related matter. So it’s best if you share some contact details with us.
WHAT KINDS OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
The type of personal information Citroen collects from or about you and holds depends on the circumstances in which the information is collected.
We mainly collect information about your contact details (including your name, address, email address, phone, mobile numbers and social media handles).
There may be circumstances where we may require other personal information from you, such as a copy of your driver’s licence if you participate in a test drive.
We may collect information about your Citroen vehicle, including its number plate and vehicle identification number (VIN) and date of purchase.
We may also collect answers you provide to questions we ask and other information relating to your dealings with Citroen or Citroen dealers (such as details of vehicle/s purchased and service & repair history).
If you request or receive roadside assistance services, we may collect information about where (eg, location) and when (eg, date, time) you requested roadside assistance services and the assistance service that is required.
The type of personal information we collect on our website depends on how you use our website. If you merely visit and browse through our website, we will not collect any personal information unless you make an enquiry about a Citroen product or service, or you enter a Citroen trade promotion. However, upon your visit to our website our host may record your server IP address, domain name, the date and time of your visit and the pages viewed. This information may be collected using cookies. User preferences are stored in cookies, which track user trends and patterns of use, and allows our website to interact more efficiently with your computer. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you disable the use of cookies, your use of our website may not function optimally.
In addition to the types of personal information identified above, Citroen may collect personal information as otherwise permitted or required by law.
HOW DO WE COLLECT IT AND HOW CAN YOU ACCESS IT?
When we collect your personal information, we’ll always try to tell you who we are and what we intend to do with it. We strive to be open. So upon request, we’ll always let you know what sort of information we hold about you, how we collect it and how we use and disclose it.
In line with the Privacy Act, you can request access to this personal information by contacting the Privacy Officer here at Citroen – see the contact details below. You’ll just need to verify your identity and let us know what information you’re after. If you do make such a request, we may seek reimbursement of our reasonable costs in complying with your request. And we will let you know if this is necessary in our response to your request. We will always take steps to ensure that your personal details are accurate, complete and up-to-date when we use or collect them. You have the right under the Privacy Act to request changes to your personal information and we encourage you to contact us in order to update any information we hold about you using the Privacy Officer contact details set out below
The most common ways we collect personal information are:
when you buy a new Citroen vehicle, from the authorised Citroen dealer from who you buy the vehicle;
we will also collect or receive your personal information from an authorised Citroen dealer if you have your Citroen vehicle serviced or repaired at an authorised Citroen dealer, or book your Citroen vehicle with a Citroen dealer for service or repair;
we may collect personal information directly from you if you make an enquiry about Citroen vehicles, parts, accessories or services, or if you request a test drive, brochure, specification sheet, information or other materials about our Citroen vehicles, parts, accessories or services;
if you deal with us online, including via our website or through social media channels;
if you enter a Citroen trade promotion carried out by Citroen (including on social media channels) or a trade promotion carried out by a third party with official affiliation with or support from Citroen;
if you participate in a Citroen marketing, product development, profiling, survey or research campaign, including on social media channels;
if you request roadside assistance services;
from publicly available sources;
we may also collect your personal information from third parties, including our service providers, entities and clubs sponsored by or affiliated with us, or from our contractors and agents..
WHAT ABOUT ANALYTICS, SESSIONS AND COOKIE TOOLS?
We use a range of tools provided by third parties, including Google, Bing and Campaign Monitor, to collect or view website traffic information. These sites have their own privacy policies explaining how they will treat the information they collect. We also use cookies and session tools to improve your experience when accessing our websites. The information collected by these tools will not include “personal information” as such, but may include the IP address of the device you are using and information about sites that IP address has come from, the pages accessed on our site and the next site visited. We use that information to maintain, secure and improve our websites and to enhance your experience when using them.
With Google Analytics, you can opt out of the collection of this information using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Third parties may use cookies to collect information about the content you view on our website. They’ll do this to serve you advertising on their websites that’s more relevant to you. If you wish to opt out, most Internet browsers allow you to change your settings to manage or block these cookies. Please note that this may limit your ability to use personalised features that we offer on our websites.
WHAT ABOUT SOCIAL MEDIA?
Like most brands these days, we use social networking services such as Twitter, Facebook and YouTube. When you communicate with us through these services, we may collect some of your personal information. But we only use it to help us better communicate with you and the public. The social networking service will also handle your personal information for its own purposes. These sites have their own privacy policies too.
Your personal information will not be “sold” by Citroen to any other organisation for that organisation’s unrelated independent use. If you have opted in to receive marketing materials from Citroen, we may share anonymised “hashed” data with social media advertising partners, such as Facebook, so that they can create Custom Audiences and deliver advertisements on our behalf to their members. Members are identifiable when the Social Media partner matches our anonymised data to its anonymised data of its users.
WHO ELSE MIGHT SEE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may disclose your personal information to:
our related companies;
Citroen and our authorised Citroen dealers share personal information about Citroen customers and prospective customers, so we may disclose your personal information to our authorised Citroen dealers and vice versa;
the manufacturer of vehicles that we sell;
insurance companies;
credit providers;
state government entities responsible for motor vehicle registrations and driving infringements;
other companies or individuals who assist us in providing services or who perform functions on our behalf (such as mailing houses or our live chat service provider) who are generally contract-bound to protect your privacy;
law enforcement bodies such as the police, who seek access to your personal information for law enforcement purposes; and
anyone else to whom you have authorised us to disclose it.
We may also collect your personal information from these companies, organisations and individuals. If we do, we’ll only deal with this information in accordance with this policy.
If we do disclose your personal information to others, we’ll make sure we have your consent – implied or expressed – first (unless we are compelled by law to disclose without your consent). And we’ll take reasonable steps to ensure the next party agrees to protect the privacy of your personal information too.
Your provision to us, our authorised Citroen dealers, or agents of your personal information will constitute your consent for us to disclose this information as described in this policy.
SENDING PERSONAL INFORMATION OVERSEAS
Sometimes we might disclose your personal information to entities located outside Australia. When this happens, we’ll always take steps to ensure the recipients respect the confidentiality of your information by abiding by the APPs (or equivalent) privacy laws. These entities may include the actual manufacturer of Citroen vehicles, PSA Groupe (in France) and our parent company Inchcape Group in the UK.
Other than those three above, we’ll never send your personal information to recipients outside of Australia without:
obtaining your consent (in some cases this consent will be implied); or
otherwise complying with the APPs.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
The Spam Act 2003 prohibits us from sending you any commercial electronic communications, such as texts and emails containing marketing offers, without your consent.
So in line with our commitment to technology (but within the parameters of the law), we like to accommodate customers who want to be contacted electronically. We might send you communications for any of the purposes mentioned above.
When we collect your personal information, we might ask you for your mobile phone number or email address. When you provide these details, we’ll also request your consent for us to use these details for commercial electronic communications. Whenever such messages are sent, we’ll always provide you with the option of opting out of receiving similar communications in the future within the message.
DO NOT CALL REGISTER
The Do Not Call Register Act 2006 prohibits the making of telemarketing calls (as defined in the legislation) to numbers listed on the Do Not Call Register. In line with our commitment to corporate compliance, we will only contact numbers that appear on the Do Not Call Register in the limited circumstances allowed by the Do Not Call Register Act 2006 and the Telecommunications (Do Not Call Register) (Telemarketing and Research Calls) Standard 2007, such as where you have given us the requisite consent to do so. Where you give us express consent to contact you by phone, we’ll deem it to be supplied for an indefinite period for the purposes of the Do Not Call Register Act 2006, unless otherwise advised or withdrawn by you.
OPTING OUT
We will always provide individuals with an opportunity to opt out of receiving direct marketing communications from us. If you have received a direct marketing communication from us and do not wish to receive these communications from us in the future, just use the “unsubscribe” function in the email or SMS, or tick the opt out box on postal communications and return the mailed item to us. Otherwise just use the “Contact Us” form on our website or write to or email the Privacy Officer using the details below, and we’ll take appropriate steps to ensure you won’t receive any direct marketing communication from us in the future.  Please note that where you have opted out, we may keep your details to make sure you don’t receive further communications. We might also need to contact you in relation to matters such as vehicle safety, recalls, warranty and for requirements specified by law. You should also note that your Citroen dealer is a separate organisation to Citroen Automobiles Australia. This means your Citroen dealer may still send you information about Citroen products and services, independently of Citroen Automobiles Australia. If you do not wish to continue receive such information, simply contact your Citroen dealer and let them know.
OUR SECURITY
We take all reasonable steps to protect the security of personal information collected by us. Your peace of mind is everything when it comes to providing your personal information. So we have developed ways to ensure that your personal information is safe and protected against misuse, loss or unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Rest assured that where we no longer require your personal information for a permitted purpose under the APPs, we’ll take all the reasonable steps to destroy or suppress your personal information.
YOUR COMPLAINTS
If you have a concern with the collection, disclosure, storage or use of your personal information, just let us know. You can make a complaint, obtain redress or pursue dispute resolution by contacting our Privacy Officer using the details set out below. The Privacy Officer shall review, investigate and respond to any privacy complaint within 10 working days of receiving your complaint. The Privacy Officer will let you know if they can’t meet this time frame, usually only if the complaint is complex or requires more extensive investigation.
EMPLOYEE RECORDS
Due to an exemption in the Privacy Act, this policy does not apply to our treatment of an employee record, where that treatment is directly related to the current or former employment relationship between us and the individual.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
This policy will be reviewed from time to time to take account of new laws and technology, changes to our operations and practices and the changing business environment. We will always make any information regarding our Privacy Policy available to anyone who requests it, whether at our offices or on our website.
OUR CONTACT DETAILS
Have a question about our handling of your personal details? Got a comment about this Privacy Policy? Please get in touch by using the Contact Us form on our website. Or contact our Privacy Officer using the following details:
Email: privacy.officer@inchcape.com.au
Phone: 1800 307 607 (Customer Relations Team)
Postal address:
Att: Privacy Officer
CITROEN Automobiles Australia
PO BOX 8290
Norwest NSW 2153
Last updated May 2019.
Test drive
Book a test drive
Enquiry
Make an enquiry
Contact us
Contact us
Pricing calculator
Pricing calculator
Find a dealer
Find a dealer
Service booking
Service booking
Close
New cars Offers Citroen confidence Find a dealer Citroen universe Citroën origins
TAKATA RECALL INFORMATION
Book a test drive
Make an enquiry
Contact us
Pricing calculator
Find a dealer
Service booking