https://www.flowerswinery.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Modified: January 2020
This Privacy Policy explains how Huneeus Wines LLC, its subsidiaries and affiliated brands and companies (the “Company”) collect, use information when you use our websites (the “Sites”), visit our locations, purchase our products or when you otherwise interact with us. Our current brands are Quintessa, Illumination, Flowers, Faust, Leviathan, Benton Lane, but as our brands and Sites change from time to time, please visit huneeuswines.com to see our current lineup.
We are committed to protecting your privacy by employing commercially reasonable efforts in deploying technical and organizational security measures to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or alteration of Personal Data.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and in some cases we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website’s homepages or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply, however, to Company employees, employment applicants, suppliers, distributors or trade contacts except when they are acting in a “customer” capacity, or to third-party sites linked from our Sites or social media interactions.
1. Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, visit our tasting rooms, subscribe to our wine clubs, purchase products, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us either directly or through social media. The types of information we may collect include your username, password, email address, phone number, birthdate, mailing address, credit card number, expiration date and CVV code, purchase history and any other information you choose to provide in connection with a promotion or survey, or on any of our community forums, social media offerings or blogs.
When you post comments and images from your social media account(s) (including, but not limited to, Instagram, Twitter and Facebook) with certain hashtags designated by us, depending upon your social media privacy settings, if you add those hashtags to your image, the image may be redisplayed on our sites. While you retain ownership of the image, using our designated hashtags gives us permission to display and re-display the image, which may contain information about you, and we may collect and use that information for marketing and research purposes. Your image will not be posted on our sites, if you don’t use our designated hashtags.
In addition, we may receive certain categories of Personal Information listed above from sources other than you, such as from our business partners and third-party applications (including, but not limited to, Instagram, Twitter and Facebook) that you use in conjunction with our sites (e.g., for age-gating purposes).
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use the Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
• Usage Information: When you send or receive information, we collect information, including the time, date, sender and recipient of the information.
Log Information: We log information about your use of our websites, including your browser type and language, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the website you visited before navigating to our websites.
Device Information: We may collect information about the computer or device you use to access the Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, MAC address, unique device identifier, phone number, International Mobile Equipment Identity (“IMEI”) and mobile network information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending “cookies” to you. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve your experience, see which areas and features of the Sites are popular, and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”), or any other tracking technology.
2. Information we Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through the Services. If you provide or connect your third-party account credentials to an account, some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your account with us. For example, when you connect with Facebook, we may receive and collect your name, email address and profile photo. Likewise, if you use a third-party reservation service such as Tock to book a visit to our sites, we will receive your name, email address and other information relevant to your booking. Additionally, when you complete in-app or drop-ship purchases from your mobile device, we may collect information about you from the provider of your device operating system when they process the purchases on our behalf. Please note that (a) we do not receive your payment method information from the operating system providers or any third party hosted merchant site; and (b) the collection and use of personal data by these third party service providers is governed by such party’s privacy policy which may differ from our policy.
3. Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
• Provide, maintain and improve our offerings, including to provide additional features and content through the Sites;
• Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information;
• Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
• Interact with you using social networking features you may have activated;
• Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events offered by the us and provide news and information about our offerings we think will be of interest to you;
• Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our offerings;
• Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;
• Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
• Detect, investigate and/or prevent fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity; and
• Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
Please note that we share information across our brands and Sites, so for example, if we collected your information from the site of one brand, you may receive information we deem of interest to you concerning a different brand.
4. Sharing of Information
We take great care to protect the information you provide us, and do not rent or sell information that we collect from users with third parties. We may only share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
• With other users when you share the Services, including your username and any contents of the Services you send them.
• With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf for the fulfillment of your purchases. We do not authorize any third party involved in these processes to share your information and we require them to implement adequate security measures to prevent unauthorized access or processing;
• In response to legal process or a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, rule or regulation, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation, including the need to enforce applicable terms of service, prevent fraud or protect our rights and assets;
• In order to investigate or remedy potential violations of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of the Company, our users or others;
• In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. In such event we will require any third parties to assume responsibility for the personal information collected by us in the terms contained in this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time, or to amend this policy giving an option to opt out; and
• With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
5. Sharing of Information via Social Media
We may use social plugins on our Services, for instance plugins of the social networks such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, or Pinterest, and may feature icons, like the “thumbs up” icon or text like “Recommend”, “Like” or ‘Comment”. These cookies are activated once you start navigating our website. Your browser may create a connection to the servers of such social networks and/or transmit data to such servers when you view a page on our website. If you use the plugin functionality (e.g. click the “Like” button or make a comment), this information is also transmitted directly to the social network by your browser and may be stored there. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of these third party social networks.
6. Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to provide analytics services on our behalf. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Sites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand your online activity.
7. Security
We take reasonable commercial safeguards to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
8. California Privacy Rights and Do Not Track Disclosures
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a request using the contact information indicated in the “Contact Us” Section below. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals.
9. Minors or those under legal age
We do not knowingly collect personal information from users under the age of twenty-one. We are only allowed to offer products and services to persons who are twenty-one years of age or older, and any registration, use or access to the Sites by anyone under twenty-one is strictly prohibited and in violation of our terms of service.
10. Account Information
You may update or correct information about yourself by editing your account settings within the Services. In case you cancel your account, please note that we may retain certain information as required by law, for legitimate business purposes, or as part of our regular retention practices. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period.
11. Location
When you first launch any features of the Sites that collect location information, you will be asked to consent to our collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device. If you do so, certain features of the Services will no longer function. You may also stop collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove the Services from your device.
12. Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Sites.
13. Opting out
If you no longer wish to receive email marketing communications from us, you may opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails by using the unsubscribe method provided in our communications (e.g., by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the email to unsubscribe or replying STOP to a text message). Alternatively, to the extent that applicable law requires your prior opt-in consent to receive marketing and promotional emails, we will ask for your consent and you can choose not to opt-in.
Cookie Choices. To exercise choices regarding cookies set through our Sites, as well as other types of online tracking and interest-based advertising, see the “Cookies” section above.
You may also opt out of the automated collection of information by third-party ad networks such as Google or Facebook for the purpose of delivering advertisements tailored to your interests by editing or opting out of such networks’ program, usually configurable on their site.
In addition to the above methods of exercising choice, to the extent required by applicable law, we also provide you the ability to opt out of sharing your information with certain third parties for their own use by contacting us as detailed in the “Contact Us” section below. You may also send requests about your contact preferences related to the items listed above or changes to your information to us as detailed in the “Contact Us” section below.
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable as required by applicable law. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, to complete any transactions that you began prior to your request, or for other purposes as required or permitted by applicable law. In addition, please note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing communications from one or all of our Sites, we may need to send you service-related communications and may need to keep information we have collected about you for record-keeping, research, and other purposes.
14. Applicable laws
The Company is based in the state of California, United States, conducts direct to consumer sales only to U.S. based customers; and the information we collect is governed by U.S. and California laws. By accessing or using the Sites or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries. If you choose to use our Services from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that differ from United States law, then you acknowledge that we will transfer your personal information to the United States for the purpose of performing the Services according to our terms of service and for any other purpose for which you provide consent.
15. Contact
To contact us, please visit www.huneeuswines.com email us at: service@huneeuswines.com, call us at 707-286-2745 or write to:
Huneeus Wines LLC.
ATTN: Customer Service
1040 Main Street Suite 204
Napa CA 94559
Our website utilizes cookies and collects anonymous data utilizing Google Analytics to provide you with the best experience.
By continuing to use this site, you verify that you are at least 21 years of age and consent to our data policies.
Ok, I agree.
Privacy Policy