http://www.adelaar-cruises.com/imprint/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyBLA2020-07-20T15:49:03+08:00
Privacy PolicyThe following information will provide you with an understandable & easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit this website. The term “personal data” includes all data that can be used to personally identify you.
Every information we provide you down below is based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) principles. Find the complete & official Regulation here. As well as Art. 6 – Lawfulness of processing here.
What data do we collect?
Our IT systems automatically record data when you access our website. This data includes primarily technical information (e.g. web browser, operating system or time the site was accessed).
Our company does not collect any other data automatically. However, you can choose to willingly provide us with information about yourself, by accepting cookies while on our webpage, by subscribing to our newsletter, sending us a message through our contact form or when you make a booking.
How do we collect your data?
Server log files
The provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. The information comprises:
The type and version of browser used
The used operating system
Referrer URL
The hostname of the accessing computer
The time of the server inquiry
The IP address
This data is recorded on the basis of the GDPR regulation. The operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error-free depiction and the optimization of this website.
Contact form
If you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry. Note that by filling out and sending this form to Adelaar Exclusive Liveaboard Indonesia, you also agree to the use of your data, for news & special offers updates sent from Adelaar directly to your inbox.
We will not share this information with any third party without your consent.
Newsletter
Subscribing to our newsletter allows you to get the latest news from Adelaar Liveaboard, occasional surveys and special offers delivered right to your inbox. If you subscribe to our newsletter through the website, you will be asked to provide an email address as well as your complete name before consenting to the receipt of the newsletter. No further data shall be collected or shall it be collected only on a voluntary basis.
Please note that you can unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time by clicking on “unsubscribe from this list” at the bottom of our emails.
After you unsubscribe from the newsletter distribution list, your e-mail address may be stored by us or the newsletter service provider in a blacklist to prevent future mailings. The data from the blacklist is used only for this purpose and not merged with other data. This serves both your interest and our interest in compliance with the legal requirements when sending newsletters (legitimate interest within the meaning of the GDPR regulation). The storage in the blacklist is indefinite. You may object to the storage if your interests outweigh our legitimate interest.
Request by email or telephone
If you contact us by email, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data, will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We do not share this data without your consent.
The processing of this data is based on the GDPR regulation if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on your consent and/or on our legitimate interests to effectively process requests addressed to
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies
See below: section 5 “Cookies”
Data recording via analysis tools
See below: section 7 “Analysis tools”
How will we use your data?
Our company collects your data so that we can:
Process and manage your bookings
Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like
Guarantee the error free provision of the website
Analyze our website users’ patterns to provide accurate content
Our company will not share, lend or sell your data to any other company or partner so that they may offer you their products and services.
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an SSL or a TLS encryption program. You can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from “http://” to “https://” and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.
If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
How do we store your data?
Our company securely stores your browsing data in log files on our server. This data will be automatically deleted after 30 days.
Our Company will keep the personal data provided by you (such as name, email address and further information that might be required for the processing of a booking) for 5 years, the time frame during which our clients can benefit from the ‘repeater discount’. Once this time period has expired, we will delete your data.
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
How do we use cookies?
Our company uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Understanding how you use our website
Recognize your browser and IP address
What type of cookies do we use?
Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted after you leave our site. Other cookies will remain archived on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit our website.
How to manage your cookies?
You can adjust the settings of your browser to make sure that you are notified every time cookies are placed and to be able to accept cookies only in specific cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific situations or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when you close your browser. However, not that if you deactivate cookies, the functions of this website may be limited.
Tools provided by third parties
We use third-party service providers named below to process and store your data :
Mailchimp
We use Mailchimp to manage email marketing subscriber lists and send emails and newsletters to our subscribers only. Read their privacy policy.
We do not share data with third party marketers.
Google Form
Google Forms is a GDPR compliant service that lets you create an online questionnaire and request input from your customers.
We use a form on our Private Charter web page. At the end of that form, you can choose to deliberately share with us private information: your name, email address and optionally, your phone number.
For more information about the handling of your data by Google, read their privacy policy
Hotjar
Hotjar help us better understand user behaviour so we can make the right changes and improve the user experience on our website. The service allows us to record sessions and heatmaps when users visit our website. While doing this, Hotjar anonymised the data they collect.
In addition, they will never sell those data to anyone. Go through their privacy policy to know more about their practices and safety measures.
Inseanq
Inseanq provides liveaboard managers with a convenient platform to manage trips, availabilities and bookings. In addition to using their service to manage our reservations, we also embedded the availabilities widget on our Schedule & Rates.
Analysis tools
There is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analyzed when you visit this website. Such analyses are performed primarily with cookies (section 5) and with what we refer to as analysis programs. As a rule, the analyses of your browsing patterns are conducted anonymously; i.e. the browsing patterns cannot be traced back to you.
This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics.
Google Analytics uses cookies. The storage of the cookies and the utilization of this analysis tool are based on the GDPR regulation. The operator of this website has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns to optimize both the services offered online and the operator’s advertising activities.
IP anonymization
On this website, we have activated the IP anonymization function. As a result, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states that have ratified the Convention on the European Economic Area prior to its transmission to the United States. The full IP address will be transmitted to one of Google’s servers in the United States and abbreviated there only in exceptional cases. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of this website to generate reports on website activities and to render other services to the operator of this website that are related to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted in conjunction with Google Analytics from your browser shall not be merged with other data in Google’s possession.
Browser plug-in
You do have the option to prevent the archiving of cookies by making pertinent changes to the settings of your browser software. However, we have to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all of the functions of this website to their fullest extent. Moreover, you have the option to prevent the recording of the data generated by the cookie and affiliated with your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Objection to the recording of data
You have the option to prevent the recording of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. This will result in the placement of an opt out cookie, which prevents the recording of your data during future visits to this website: Google Analytics deactivation.
For more information about the handling of user data by Google Analytics, please consult Google’s Privacy Policy.
Archiving period
Data on the user or incident level stored by Google linked to cookies, user IDs or advertising IDs (e.g. DoubleClick cookies, Android advertising ID) will be anonymized or deleted after 14 months. For details please click the following link: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7667196?hl=en
Other plug-ins and tools
Youtube
This website embeds Youtube videos. If you visit a page on this website into which a YouTube video has been embedded, a connection with YouTube’s servers will be established. As a result, the YouTube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited and the platform will be able to place various cookies on your device.
The use of YouTube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. Pursuant to GDPR regulation, this is a legitimate interest. If a corresponding agreement has been requested (e.g. an agreement to the storage of cookies), the processing takes place exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR; the agreement can be revoked at any time.
For more information on how YouTube handles user data, please consult YouTube Privacy Policy.
Cresta Help Chat – WhatsApp
Cresta Help Chat allows our visitors to contact us via WhatsApp simply by clicking on a button. This plugin does not collect data, but WhatsApp does. This means that from the moment a user opens the chat and sends a message or is redirected to WhatsApp’s website, WhatsApp will place its cookies on his device .
Refer to WhatsApp Privacy Policy.
Google web font
To ensure that fonts used on this website are uniform, this website uses so-called Web Fonts provided by Google. When you access a page on our website, your browser will load the required web fonts into your browser cache to correctly display text and fonts.
To do this, the browser you use will have to establish a connection with Google’s servers. As a result, Google will learn that your IP address was used to access this website. The use of Google Web Fonts is based on our interest in presenting our online content in a uniform and appealing way. According to the GDPR regulation, this is a legitimate interest.
If your browser should not support Web Fonts, a standard font installed on your computer will be used.
For more information on Google Web Fonts, please follow this link: https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and consult Google’s Privacy Policy.
Google maps
Via an API, this website uses the mapping service, Google Maps. To enable the use of the Google Maps features, your IP address must be stored. As a rule, this information is transferred to one of Google’s servers in the United States, where it is archived. The operator of this website has no control over the data transfer.
We use Google Maps to present our online content in an appealing manner and to make the locations disclosed on our website easy to find. This constitutes a legitimate interest as defined in the GDPR regulation.
For more information on the handling of user data, please review Google’s Privacy Policy.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use “Google reCAPTCHA” (hereinafter referred to as “reCAPTCHA”) on this website. The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to determine whether data entered on this website (e.g. information entered into a contact form) is being provided by a human user or by an automated program. To determine this, reCAPTCHA analyses the behavior of the website visitors based on a variety of parameters. This analysis is triggered automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the site. For this analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates a variety of data (e.g. IP address, time the website visitor spent on the site or cursor movements initiated by the user). The data tracked during such analyses are forwarded to Google.
As reCAPTCHA analyses run entirely in the background. Website visitors are not alerted that an analysis is underway.
The data is processed on the basis of the GDPR regulation. It is in the website operator’s legitimate interest, to protect the operator’s web content against misuse by automated industrial espionage systems and against SPAM.
For more information about Google reCAPTCHA please refer to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
What are your data protection rights
Please be aware of your rights concerning the protection of your personal data.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please find our contacts in the How to contact us section.
Revocation of your consent
A wide range of data processing transactions are only made possible because you gave us your express consent. You can revoke any consent you have already given to us at any time. All you are required to do is send us an informal notification via email. This shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.
Right to access
You have the right at any time to request our company for copies of your personal data. It might help you understand how and why we are using your data, and check we are doing it lawfully.
Right to rectification & erasure
You have the right to request that our company corrects any information you believe is inaccurate or to request us to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
You also have the right to request that our company erases your personal data, under certain conditions.
Right to data portability
You have the right to request that Our Company transfers the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have exactly one month to respond to you.
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. The right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:
In the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. During the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.
If the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.
If we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.
If you have raised an objection pursuant to Art. 21 Sect. 1 GDPR, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. As long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.
If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data – with the exception of their archiving – may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements, or to protect the rights of other natural persons, or legal entities, or for important public interest reasons cited by the European Union or a member state of the EU.
Right to object to processing
You have the right to object to our company’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
In order to object to processing, you must contact the data controller and state the grounds for your objection. These grounds must relate to your particular situation. Where you have made a valid objection, the data controller must cease processing your personal data, unless the data controller can provide compelling legitimate reasons to continue processing your data.
Changes to our privacy policy
Our Company keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 15th April 2020.
How to contact us
The data processing controller on this website is :
PBS Lines Limited
C/O TRIDENT TRUST, Unit 4106 & 4107,
Level 41, Mazaya Business Avenue Tower AA1, Jumeirah Lakes Towers
Dubai
UAE
Call us: +971 5 66534965
E-mail us: ben@adelaar-cruises.com
How to contact the appropriate authorities
You have the right to file a complaint with the competent supervisory agency.
In the case of violations of the GDPR, the persons concerned have a right of appeal to a supervisory authority, in the member country of their habitual residence, their place of work or the place of the alleged infringement. The right to complain is without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedies.
Find the list of the Data Protection Authorities here.
Your cookie preferencesHere you can see the different options in the cookie preferences.
Change your cookie-preferenceYour personal user-idOpt-out Google AnalyticsGoogle AnalyticsYour consent historyDateVersionConsents
Adelaar Cruises WhatsApp Chat
Send
CONTACTEZ NOUS
×
CONTACT US
×
Go to Top