http://www.traveldoc.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
Schedule an Appointment
713-550-2000
Rensimer.com
Travel Health Services
Vaccinations
Industry Physicals
Travel Medicine Kits
On-Site Pharmacy
Doctor at a Distance ™
Vaccinations
Corporate Medical Services
Industry Physicals
Substance Abuse Testing
Ebola Services
Patient Resources
Latest Coronavirus Updates
Coronavirus Update Archives
COVID-19 Tests: Nasal Virus PCR and Antibody
Influenza Quick Facts
Zika Virus Resources
Zika Commentary
New Patient Zika virus Intake Form
Mosquito Measures
Traveler Information Form
Refill Request Form
Travel Visit Frequently Asked Questions
Physical Exam: Frequently Asked Questions
About TravelDoc
TRAVELDOC BLOG
Rabies: Tragically, It Happens… And Is Preventable - Jan. 18, 2018
Read More
KTRH Flu Story - Jan. 16, 2018
Read More
ALL BLOG POSTS
Connect With Us
Privacy Policy
International Medicine Center is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our website.
This policy may change without prior notice.
Some web pages created by International Medicine Center use ‘cookies’, which are small text files that may be placed on your hard disk for record-keeping purposes. It is essentially your identification card, and cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. It is uniquely yours and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. A cookie’s purpose is to tell the server that you returned to that Web page. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. Furthermore, a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer. The use of cookies is an industry standard.
Many major websites use cookies to provide useful features for their customers. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you will not be able to take full advantage of a website if you do so.
International Medicine Center will not send you any unsolicited information, including email regarding any commercial offers or advertisements at any time, without your permission. We value the relationships we have with our customers and future customers, so we respect boundaries.
Contact us
Spring Valley Medical Plaza9230 Katy Freeway, Suite 400 Houston, TX 77055
Phone: (713) 550-2000
Quick Links
Make An Appointment
Travel Medicine
Vaccinations
Patient Resources
Zika VIrus Resources
News & Information
About Us
Newsletter
Sign-up for our e-mail newsletter to be sure to check out all the latest news from the International Medicine Center!
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
RSS
Site Map
Copyright
© 2000-2013 International Medicine Center Enterprises, Inc. All Rights Reserved. International Medicine Center and Doctor At A Distance are registered trademarks of International Medicine Center or its affiliates.