https://www.splashzonewaterpark.com/contact/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
HomeContactPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policywdd2020-06-01T16:54:11-04:00
Park PolicyAt Splash Zone Water Park, we are committed to protecting your privacy.
What Information Do We Collect, and How Do We Use It?
If you are 12 years of age or younger, we do not want your personal information. Please do not submit any personal information to us.
For Visitors 13 Years of Age and Older
When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
If you have given us express permission to do so we may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important additions or changes to Splash Zone Water Park, or the web site, new services, and special offers we think you’ll find valuable. This information may also be shared with the Splash Zone family of companies and their advertising and promotional agencies and consultants.
If you make a reservation at Splash Zone, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, daytime and evening telephone numbers, credit card number, and expiration date.
Our web sites use a secure server to ensure your transaction is secure. You are protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, utilized by many popular browsers, including Microsoft Explorer. Your credit card information, as well as your personal information, is converted into tiny bits of encrypted code that cannot be read by others during transmission. Our servers use this SSL technology to protect your information. These safeguards make your transaction safe and reliable.
Do You Use Cookies?
“Cookies” are little pieces of data that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are used in this website. They enable us to keep track of tickets to be purchased and items in your shopping cart. These cookies persist for 6 months according to browser standards. They enable us to personalize your reservation process and track sweepstakes postcards. These cookies are temporary and are eliminated with each browser session. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Without cookies you can use most of the features on this site, except the purchasing options. Our Online Store will not function without cookies.
Will the Collected Information be Disclosed to Outside Parties
We want to be very clear: We do not obtain personal information about you other than that which you choose to provide, and we will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose the personal information you provide to anyone outside of the Splash Zone family of companies and their advertising and promotional agencies and consultants, except that we will share the personal information you provide us with other third parties in those specific instances where you have expressly agreed for us to do so.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by the Splash Zone family of companies and their advertising and promotional agencies and consultants. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. If you do not agree to our Privacy Policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our complete discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time.
Please check back periodically for any changes we may make to the policy. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept these changes.
Effective Date: This policy was last updated on January 18, 2007.