http://www.concours.org/privacy-policy
Log in
Forum
Events
Join/Renew
"Sport Touring at its Finest"TM
Home
Events
Monthly Calendar
Quick List
Forum
National Rally
2021 National Rally
Resources
Tech Pages
Library
Industry Vendors
Store
Classic Concours FAQ
Concours 14 FAQ
History of the Concours
Biased Concours Review
About COG
Common Questions
COG Areas
COG Links
COG Online Evolution
Contact Us
Join us
Membership FAQ
Member Benefits
Industry Vendor Benefits
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Concours Owners Group ("COG") created this Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") to ensure the confidence of visitors to, and COG members of our web sites www.concours.org, www.cog-online.org, and others that may be added from time to time (the "Sites") and members data that is held off-line, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of your privacy. This notice describes our privacy policy regarding on-line and off-line data collection. By visiting our Sites, or joining our organization as a member, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
COG provides these general audience sites for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used, and disclosed as described in this Privacy Policy. Section IV of this Privacy Policy contains specific details regarding personal information collected from children.
I. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
A. PERSONAL INFORMATION
To access certain services offered via the Sites, COG may require or request that you provide information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information may include: (i) contact data such as your name, mailing and e-mail addresses, telephone or mobile telephone number ("Contact Data") or (ii) financial data such as your credit card or other account number and billing address ("Financial Data"). You may choose not to provide certain information, but in doing so you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
If you communicate with us by e-mail or otherwise complete online forms, surveys, polls, or contest entries, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.
B. AUTOMATIC INFORMATION
COG automatically tracks and collects the following information when you visit our Sites: (i) IP address; (ii) domain server; (iii) type of computer or handheld device; (iv) type of web browser; and (v) telecommunications carrier (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on our Sites.To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we may receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from us, if your computer supports such capabilities. If you no longer wish to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please contact us at legal  @  cog-online.org.Use of CookiesLike many web sites, we use "cookies" to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the Sites. "Cookies" are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features to you. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Also, a number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit web sites anonymously.Use of Web Beacons / CookiesSites pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons to allow COG to count users who have visited certain pages. COG may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or COG newsletters in order to count how many messages have been opened and acted upon. Web beacons collect limited information, such as Cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. Sites pages may also contain web beacons placed by third parties to help determine the effectiveness of joint promotional or advertising campaigns.C. INFORMATION FROM THIRD PARTIESTo improve the personalization of COG services on the Sites (for example, providing subject specific content or special offers that we think will interest you), COG might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. We also sometimes receive updated delivery and address information from other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next communication more easily. We may also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers.
II. USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
COG may use Contact Data to send you information about our organization or our products or services, or promotional material from some of our partners, or to contact you when necessary. If we send offers to you on behalf of external business partners, we do not provide your personal information (e.g., e-mail, name, address, telephone number) to the third party. COG also may use Traffic Data and Personal Information for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users' behavior, for product development, for content improvement, to inform advertisers as to how many visitors have seen or clicked on their advertisements, and to customize content and layout of the Sites. Names, postal and e-mail addresses and phone numbers collected may be added to our databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events and the status of orders placed online. If you no longer wish to receive promotions or other offers, please contact us at legal @  cog-online.org .
III. SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
COG will not sell your private information to any outside company for its use in marketing or solicitation. For example, at the present time, we do not share any Personal Information with advertisers and other third parties, nor do we share Contact Data with other companies who may want to send you information about their products or services.
A. AGENTS
At certain times, COG may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include processing credit card transactions, fulfilling subscriptions, orders, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance and providing customer service. These other companies and individuals have access to Traffic Data and Personal Information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Although we strongly encourage these third parties to follow strict privacy policies, COG cannot be responsible for the privacy practices that each of the software companies follow. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain third party provider of COG, you may contact COG to obtain the name of that third party provider and contact them directly or visit their individual web site to learn more about their individual privacy policies.B. LEGAL AND OTHER DISCLOSURESCOG will, without specific or further notice to you, release your Traffic Data and Personal Information when we believe such disclosure is appropriate to: (a) comply with any law or a court order or other legal process; (b) protect the rights, property or safety of COG, the Sites, our users or others; or (c) enforce our Terms of Use
IV. COLLECTION AND USE OF CHILDREN'S PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Sites complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). COG does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the Sites. In addition, in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 within the Sites or in connection with any Content or Software, COG will not collect, store or use any personal information of such user. Further, in the event that COG receives personal information that COG discovers was provided by a child under the age of 13, COG will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner.
V. SECURITY
COG has included security measures on the Sites to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information that is within our control and that you provide to us. For example, we store all of your information on a secured server located in controlled facilities.
It is important to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer or handheld device. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer or one that is otherwise accessible to third parties. Be sure to log off and turn off any handheld devices when they are not in use or under your control. You must promptly notify COG if your user name or password is lost, stolen or used without permission. In such an event, COG will cancel that user name or password and update our records accordingly.
VI. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The Sites may from time to time contain links to third-party web sites. COG is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain third party, you may contact them directly or visit their individual web sites to learn more about their individual privacy policies.
VII. PUBLIC FORUMS
COG may make chat rooms, job listing areas, message boards, news groups, and other community services available to you on the Sites. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. COG has no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information or any other information about yourself. The information presented in these areas reflects the views of the individual users or hosts and does not necessarily reflect the views of COG or any of its affiliates.
VIII. CONDITIONS OF USE
If you choose to visit COG’s Sites, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages and application of the law of the State of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at our Sites, please send a thorough description of your concerns to legal @ cog-online.org , and we will try to resolve the issue as quickly as possible. Our business changes constantly. This Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use will also change. Use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use.
COG reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Sites. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Sites.
Membership
Join Now
Renew Membership
Membership Benefits
Membership FAQs
Industry Vendors
Forum Subscriber Only
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact COG
COGMOS Features
Calendar of Events
Upcoming National Rally
National Rally History
Common Questions
Forum
COG Member Library
COG Member Store
COG Member Tech Pages
Social & Community
COG Forum
COG on Facebook
Twitter: COGRiders
Join COG
Renew Now
Forum
Contact COG
Concours Owners Group™ (c) 2020 All rights reservedThe Concours Owners Group is a 501(c)(7) non-profit organization
Powered by Wild Apricot Membership Software