http://www.danesindistress.com/your-privacy/
In general, Danes In Distress does not collect, store, use or disclose personally identifying information. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our clients and to ensure that the information we gather from you will be secure and confidential.
What information do we need and what do we do with it?
The information we need when you communicate online with Danes In Distress includes your name, email address, mailing address, phone and fax.
How do we protect your information?
We make sure that every online communication with our clients meets our high standards of privacy and security. In addition, we take strong measures to protect all customer data against unauthorized access.
Do we have “cookies”?
Cookies are small bytes of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Danes In Distress does not use cookies.
Will Danes In Distress share any of my personal information?
Absolutely NOT! That’s why it’s personal. Danes In Distress will not trade, sell or rent your personal information (such as name, address, phone number, or company name) to third parties without your consent. And, we also protect your privacy by limiting employee access to and use of customer data. While we may provide statistics to outside companies about our customers, including sales and related site information, it will not include any personally identifying information.
So why do we need all that personal information?
The answer is simple-it’s so that we can constantly improve your relationship with Danes In Distress.
Will Danes In Distress change its policy? When you use the Danes In Distress web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Danes In Distress. If we alter our privacy policy in any way we will post those changes here so you can be aware of anything that may affect you in the way we disclose information.
Any more questions?
Danes In Distress takes the issue of protecting your privacy seriously. If you have any concerns, questions, or just want to tell us what you think, feel free to Contact Us.
This Privacy Policy was last revised on December 20, 2012.