http://www.wrekinglidingclub.co.uk/terms.asp
Home
Learn to fly
News
Aircraft
Photos
Links
Members Area
Officer in Charge
Wrekin Gliding Club
DCAE Cosford
Wolverhampton
WV7 3EX
Tel: 07717 523487
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions for Trial Lesson
Vouchers
Trial Lesson vouchers that have been bought through the British Gliding Association are redeemable for a Trial Lesson provided by Wrekin Gliding Club under the supervision of a British Gliding Association rated instructor. Your voucher must be presented on the day to participate in the flight.
Trial Lessons
Trial Lessons are conducted by British Gliding Association rated instructors and are gliding lessons and not passenger flights. As a student you form part of the aircrew and should be aware that under the Railways and Transport Safety Act it is an offence for pilots, including glider pilots, to fly with more than 20mg/100ml of alcohol in your blood. This is ¼ of the drink drive limit, effectively a zero limit. Trial Lessons are conducted from an active airfield, aircraft may use any part of the airfield for take off or landing and gliders approach almost silently and often cannot be heard. Due to the inherent danger of small objects finding their way into the control mechanisms, the use of any mobile phone or camera without a secure neck or wrist strap in flight is prohibited. Before getting in the glider, please put your mobile phone in a secure ZIPPED pocket if you have one, or give it to the instructor to put in the glider's luggage compartment. (Don't forget it afterwards!) The primary objective of a trial lesson is to give you experience of taking the controls and this is not normally compatible with photography. If you do wish to take photographs, your camera must have a secure neck or wrist strap. You must be accompanied by a club member whenever you walk between the clubhouse or launch point. Dogs (except guide dogs) are not allowed on the airfield at any time.
Bookings
Times given for your flight are given as a guide only and we cannot guarantee to fly at the exact time given. This depends on many factors such as weather, equipment availability, restrictions imposed on our use of the airfield and instructor availability, we will however endeavour to keep as close to the schedule as circumstances allow on the day.
Cancellations
If we cancel your booking we will let you know as soon as possible and will offer an alternative date and time for your flight. We reserve the right to cancel your flight at short notice and to rebook you owing to unavailability of aircraft or equipment or other factors beyond our control. The Wrekin Gliding Club will not accept any liability for travel or any other expenses incurred by you in attending for a flight which is then subsequently cancelled for any reason. If you need to change your booking you should contact us immediately and we will rebook you for another date. Deposits are not refundable.
Restrictions
For safety reasons some age, health and weight restrictions apply. Persons under the age of 18 will require a parent's or guardian's written consent and if under 16 must be accompanied at all times by a parent or guardian whilst on the airfield. Persons under the age of 14 will be able to fly only at the discretion of the Instructor conducting the flight. There is no upper age limit. Persons weighing 16 stone 4 lbs (228lb or 103kg) or more will be unable to fly in our gliders. Most gliders have a pilot weight limit of 242lb or 110kg for each seat, which includes the weight of the parachute (15lb or 7kg). Persons over 6ft 4 inches tall or less than 4ft 10 may be unable to fly in our gliders. You must declare before your flight any health condition that may potentially affect your safety whilst in the air, e.g. epilepsy, psychiatric disorders, severe motion sickness or any conditions which require treatment with drugs.
Safety
Although gliding is one of the safest of the "adventurous aviation" sports - accidents, although rare, can happen. Therefore it is important that you are aware that gliding is a potentially dangerous activity and
is not as safe as flying in a commercial airliner.
Cars
Your normal car insurance is unlikely to cover your car whilst it is on the airfield. We therefore recommend that you leave your car parked near the clubhouse. The Wrekin Gliding Club does not accept any liability for damage or loss for vehicles.
Descriptions and Photography
We have tried to ensure that descriptions and illustrations used in our literature and on our website are accurate. Photographs and descriptions are intended to give a general idea of the Trial Lesson and do not form any part of a contract between you and Wrekin Gliding Club.
Problems
In the case of any problems please talk to any Wrekin Gliding Club Member on the day of your flight, so they have the opportunity to resolve the problem for you.
Terms and conditions for website usage
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Wrekin Gliding Club's relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term 'Wrekin Gliding Club' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose address is: Wrekin Gliding Club, DCAE Cosford, Wolverhampton, WV7 3EX. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website. Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Scotland and Wales.
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how Wrekin Gliding Club uses and protects any information that you give Wrekin Gliding Club when you use this website.
Wrekin Gliding Club is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Wrekin Gliding Club may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 19 February 2010.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to member (including temporary and potential member) surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@wrekinglidingclub.co.uk.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to CFI, Wrekin Gliding Club, DCAE Cosford, Wolverhampton, WV7 3EX.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
© 2020 Wrekin Gliding Club | Terms | Website by VALTEX