http://www.swedenfreezer.com/privacy.php
Privacy
Policy
Last
updated: June 11, 2020
This privacy policy
(“Privacy Policy”) provides information to you about our privacy practices on swedenfreezer.com (the “Site”), including how we collect, use, share,
and safeguard information about you when you use the Site and any associated
content, links, and/or materials available in connection with the Site. By
using the Site, you must be at least 18 years old and consent to this Privacy
Policy.
By
using the Site, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your
information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this
Privacy Policy, you should not use or provide any information via the Site. We
reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for
any reason.  In the event of any updates, we will update the “Last updated”
date displayed on the Privacy Policy.  Changes to the Privacy Policy are
effective when they are posted. You will be deemed to have been made aware of,
will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any
revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date on
which such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
1.         Collecting
Your Information.
Information about you is collected through the Site in a variety of ways.  The
types of information collected through the Site include, but are not limited
to: information you provide directly or indirectly through the Site and in
connection with your use of the Site.
o
The Site
automatically collects information, including through the use of cookies and
tracking pixels (also known as web beacons, 1x1 pixels, or clear GIFs) when you
browse and interact with the Site. A cookie is a small data text file, which is
stored on your computer's hard drive (if your web browser permits) that can
later be retrieved to identify you to us. Tracking pixels are code requiring a call back to a server
to render, and which deliver information to us about your IP address and
information from your browser. Cookies make your use of the Site easier, make
the Site run more smoothly, and help us to maintain a secure Site. Cookies and
tracking pixels may collect information about you, such as the referring  and
exit domain names and websites, your IP address, your browser type and version,
operating system, software, and platform, your Internet service provider,
geographic location, area code and zip code associated with your server, time
zone setting, date, time, and length of your visit, referring and exit domain
names and websites, screen resolutions, color capabilities, browser plug-ins,
language settings, cookie preferences, search engine keywords, and clickstream
data.
o
If you arrive
at the Site by “clicking through” from an email or other website, we may
collect certain information about you through the use of cookies, web beacons,
and other tracking technology, such as the terms you were searching that led
you to the Site, or your clicks while on the Site;
o
We also use
cookies and web beacons in any email communications, which help us track
whether an individual opens and/or clicks on the emails and the links contained
within;
o
The Site uses third
party cookies and tracking pixels to collect information about you based on
your use and interaction with the the Site. For instance, our
third party service providers, including
those whom enable us to provide the Site, search feeds, and featured links, utilize their own tracking
technologies on the Site. We may display certain advertising offers on the Site
or allow third party service providers, advertisers, ad networks, or other
third parties to advertise on the Site. Additionally, we may use third party
software to serve ads on the Site, implement email marketing campaigns, and
manage other interactive marketing initiatives. This third party software may
use cookies, web beacons, or similar tracking technology to help manage and
optimize your online experience with us. Such third party service providers may
use information collected to record advertising campaign information, including
clicks, for behavioral data analysis, and statistical analysis. They may also
combine information collected with other information collected across the
internet or from other websites. We do not control these third parties’
tracking technologies or how they may be used.
o
Most web
browsers are set to accept cookies by default.  You can usually choose to set
your browser to disable or reject cookies.  Be aware that disabling or
rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of the Site
or certain portions of the Site.  Also, please note that we may still use
information we’ve collected from cookies prior to your disabling them; however,
we will not collect any further information from the disabled cookies.
o
We may also
collect any contact information, such as your name and email address, which you
choose to provide to us, including through the Site or via email, or by
unsubscribing from our mailing list.
2.         Using
Your Information.
We may use any information collected about you to: help increase the efficiency
and operation of the Site; deliver and improve our services; track Site access
and interaction; marketing; manage our business; monitor and analyze usage and
trends to improve the Site and the user experience; generate a personal profile
of you to make future visits to the Site more personalized; perform the
functions and services you request; send you confirmations, updates, alerts,
administrative messages, and otherwise facilitate your use of the Site; request
feedback and contact you about your use of the Site; respond to your emails or
other requests; compile anonymous statistical information and analysis, which
we may use internally and/or provide to third parties; and as legally required.
3.         Sharing
Your Information.
We may share your information as follows:
o
We may share
your information with third parties that perform services for or on our behalf,
including third party service providers whom provide the Site, search feeds, and featured links;
o
We may share your information with third
parties for advertising, marketing, or promotional purposes, including to track
your clicks on the featured links;
o
As noted above,
we allow selected third parties, such as our service providers and advertising
partners, to use tracking technology on the Site, which enables them to collect
information about how you use the Site and the featured links on the Site. This
information may be used to, among other things, track your clicks on the
featured links, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain
content, and better understand your online activity;
o
We may also share
your information if legally required to do so, or at our discretion, pursuant
to a request from a governmental entity, or if we believe in good faith that
such action is necessary to (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with
governmental or quasi-governmental authorities conducting an investigation, or
in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process; (b) protect our
rights or property, or our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect
national security; (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public; (e)
verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Site and
applicable laws; (f) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Site; or
(g) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities,
suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety
of any person, violations of our terms and conditions, or as otherwise required
by law, or limit our legal liability;
o
If we
reorganize or otherwise transfer some or all of the Site or our assets to
another organization (such as in the course of a merger, dissolution,
liquidation), your information may be shared with the transferee; however, we
will ask the transferee to honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy. In
the event we become the subject of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary
or involuntary, we or our liquidator, administrator, receiver or administrative
receiver may sell, license or otherwise dispose of, such information in a
transaction approved by the court.
4.         Security
of Your Information.
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of
transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your data, we
cannot guarantee its absolute security. As a result, you acknowledge that there
are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our
control; the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and
data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed; and
any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a
third party. We make no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, regarding the
security of the Site and your personal information.
5.         Links
to Third Party Websites and Third Party Practices. As noted above, the Site contains
featured links to third party websites, which collect information about you
when you view or click on the featured links on the Site, through the use of cookies
and tracking pixels. The inclusion of a link to a website does not imply any
endorsement of the services or the site, its contents, or its sponsoring
organization. We do not operate or control in any respect any information,
software, products or services available on such third party websites. Any
information collected by websites, other than the Site, is not covered by this
Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy only addresses our use and disclosure of
information which we collect from you. The third party websites which are
accessible through our Site, and companies to whom your information is
transferred, have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and
disclosure practices. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and
security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites
that may be linked to or from the Site.  Please consult each third party
website's privacy policy.
6.
Policy for Children.
We do not use the Site to solicit information from or market to children under
the age of 18.  By using the Site, you represent that you are at least 18 years
of age.  We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s
internet usage and to instruct their children to never provide personal information
through the Site or any other website without parental consent.  If you believe
a child has provided personal information to us via the Site, please contact us
and we will use reasonable efforts to locate and delete the information.
7.
California Residents – Your Privacy Rights
Under
California’s Shine the Light law (California Civil Code § 1789.83), California residents have the right to request, once a
year, a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third
parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding
calendar year; and the names and addresses of such third parties with whom we
have shared the personal information. You have agreed to allow us to share
information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes until you
request to opt-out of such sharing. To request information, please submit your
request to us at privacy@domainactive.com,
or by mail at Level 2, 100 Harris Street, Pyrmont | NSW 2009, Australia. Your
request must include the email address or mailing address, as applicable, for
us to send a response. Within thirty days of receiving such a request, we will
provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third
parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately
preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of such third
parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We
reserve our right not to respond to requests that are not submitted in
accordance with this section.
Additionally,
if you are a California resident, under the meaning of Section 17014 of Title
18 of the Cal. Code of Regulations, your use of the Site is subject to the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), and all final, implementing
regulations. Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), up to
twice in a twelve (12) month period, a consumer has the right to request that a
business disclose what personal information it collects, uses, discloses, and
sells. Information regarding our collection, disclosure, and sale practices are
detailed below, in addition to instructions on how to exercise your rights
regarding your personal information.
What
Personal Information Do We Collect?
We
collect, and have collected personal information about our visitors and which
may be subject to the CCPA within the preceding 12 months in the following
categories:
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Sources from Which PI is Collected
Business or Commercial Purpose for Which Each
Category Will be Used
Identifiers
(e.g., a real name,
alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier,
Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security
number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers),
or information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being
associated with, a particular individual
Individual through
the Site
Provide
you with access to the Site and the ability to interact with the Site;
Track
Site access and interaction;
Fulfill
requests submitted through the Site and connect you with the
products/services featured on the Site;
Personalize
and improve the Site;
Marketing;
Internal
database;
Analyze
the Site;
Secure
the Site;
Customer
service; and
Legal
compliance
Internet
or other electronic network activity information (e.g., browsing history,
search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with a
website, application, or advertisement)
Individual through
the Site
Provide
you with access to the Site and the ability to interact with the Site;
Track
Site access and interaction;
Fulfill
requests submitted through the Site and connect you with the
products/services featured on the Site;
Personalize
and improve the Site;
Marketing;
Internal
database;
Analyze
the Site;
Secure
the Site;
Customer
service; and
Legal
compliance
Geolocation
data
Individual through
the Site
Provide
you with access to the Site and the ability to interact with the Site;
Track
Site access and interaction;
Fulfill
requests submitted through the Site and connect you with the
products/services featured on the Site;
Personalize
and improve the Site;
Marketing;
Internal
database;
Analyze
the Site;
Secure
the Site;
Customer
service; and
Legal
compliance
Inferences
drawn from any of the above information to create a profile about a consumer
reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, behavior, etc.
Individual through
the Site
Provide
you with access to the Site and the ability to interact with the Site;
Track
Site access and interaction;
Fulfill
requests submitted through the Site and connect you with the products/services
featured on the Site;
Personalize
and improve the Site;
Marketing;
Internal
database;
Analyze
the Site;
Secure
the Site;
Customer
service; and
Legal
compliance
We collect the above personal information in the above categories
directly from you via the Site and from your interactions with the Site,
including from your clicks on the featured links on the Site and whether you
indicated a need for a particular service
or product featured on the Site and/or in the links, through the use of cookies
and tracking pixels (also known as web beacons, 1x1 pixels, or clear GIFs). A
cookie is a small data text file, which is stored on your computer's hard drive
(if your web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to
us. Tracking pixels are code requiring a
call back to a server to render, and which deliver information to us about your
IP address and information from your browser. Cookies make your use of the Site
easier, make the Site run more smoothly, and help us to maintain a secure Site.
Cookies and tracking pixels may collect information about you, such as the
referring website address, your IP address, your browser type and version, your
Internet service provider, the area code and zip code associated with your
server, the date and time of your visit, and the time spent on the Site.
We
also collect information on whether you responded to featured link(s) on the
Site, and which third party advertisements and links you click through the
Site.
To
the extent that you receive electronic communications from us, we also collect
information on whether you viewed the email communications and clicked on any
links within such communications.
Third party service providers whom
enable us to provide the Site, search feeds, and featured links also collect
your personal information through the Site, through the use of third party
tracking pixels and cookies. Such third party cookies and tracking pixels are
subject to third party privacy policies.
What
Personal Information Do We Disclose?
We
disclose, and have disclosed personal information about our visitors to third
parties within the preceding 12 months as follows:
-       We disclose personal information in
all of the above categories to our third party service providers and advertising
partners to provide you with the search feeds and featured links on the Site to
particular products or services, and for tracking clicks on such.
-       We also disclose personal
information in all of the above categories to our third party publishers for
the purpose of marketing the Site to you via email, including for tracking
their clicks/conversions.
-       We disclose personal information in
all of the above categories to our third party service providers that we
utilize to perform technical functions on our behalf, including logging user
and customer experiences through the Site and the featured links.
-       We disclose personal information in
all of the above categories to our third party data analytics providers for the
purpose of tracking Site access and interaction.
-       We may also disclose your personal
information if legally required to do so, or at our discretion, pursuant to a
request from a governmental entity, or if we believe in good faith that such
action is necessary to (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with
governmental or quasi-governmental authorities conducting an investigation, or
in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process; (b) protect our
rights or property, or our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect
national security; (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public; (e)
verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Site and
applicable laws; (f) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Site; or
(g) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities,
suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety
of any person, violations of our terms and conditions, or as otherwise required
by law, or limit our legal liability.
-       Also, in the event that we, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired,
such personal information may be included within the transferred assets. In the event we become the subject
of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, we or our
liquidator, administrator, receiver or administrative receiver may sell,
license or otherwise dispose of, such information in a transaction approved by
the court.
What
Personal Information Do We Sell?
We
disclose for a business purpose and sell personal information in all of the
above categories to our third party service providers, including those whom enable us to provide
the Site, search feeds, and featured links, and to third party advertising partners, namely, the
owners of the services, products, and brands that are featured on the Site.
Also,
in the event that we, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired,
personal information in all of the above categories may be included within the
transferred assets. In
the event we become the subject of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary
or involuntary, we or our liquidator, administrator, receiver or administrative
receiver may sell, license or otherwise dispose of, such information in a
transaction approved by the court.
We
do not have any actual knowledge of the sale of personal information of minors
under 16 years of age. There are no financial incentives to disclose.
Your
Right to Request to Know and How to Submit a Verified Request to Know
A
“request to know” is a request related to the personal information that a
business has about such consumer. It may include a request for any or all of
the following from us:
1)     specific pieces of personal
information that we have collected about you;
2)     categories of personal information
that we have collected about you;
3)     categories of sources from which
the personal information was collected;
4)     categories of personal information
that we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you;
5)     categories of third parties to whom
the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and
6)     the business or commercial purpose
for collecting or selling personal information.
The
CCPA permits requests to know from the same consumer up to twice in a twelve
(12) month period.
Unless you have
previously contacted us and/or provided us with your first and last name, email
address, physical address, and/or telephone number, we are generally unable to
respond to requests to know. Generally, without such additional information, we
do not have the ability to associate corresponding records and substantively
respond to your request to know.  We will honor third party partner requests
forwarding an individual’s request to know, where the individual is capable of
being identified in our data records.
To submit a request to know, please
email us at privacy@domainactive.com . To process your request, we may require that you
submit the following information in conjunction with your request: your first
name, last name, a California address, and email address. The information which you provide
will be used to verify your request and to attempt to identify you within our
data records. If you elect to use an authorized agent to exercise your right to
submit a request for information, we may require the following before
processing the request: 1) provide proof of your written and signed permission
with the authorized agent to act on your behalf; 2) directly verify your own
identity with us; and 3) directly confirm with us that you provided the
authorized agent permission to submit the request on your behalf. The
information which you submit in conjunction with your request to know will be
used for the express purposes of verification and providing you with responsive
information to your request, if required.
Your
Right to Request Deletion and How to Submit a Verified Request to Delete
You
have the right to request the deletion of any personal information which we
have collected about you, or which we maintain.
Unless you have
previously contacted us and/or provided us with your first and last name, email
address, physical address, and/or telephone number, we are generally unable to
respond to requests to delete. Generally, without such additional information, we
do not have the ability to associate corresponding records and process your
request to delete.  We will honor third party partner requests to delete
information, where the individual is capable of being identified in our data
records.
To
submit a verifiable request to delete, please click here: request to delete,
or email us at privacy@domainactive.com. To process your request, we may
require that you submit the following information in conjunction with your
request: your first name, last name, a California address, and email address. The information which you provide
will be used to verify your request and to attempt to identify you within our
data records. If you elect to use an authorized agent to exercise your right to
submit a request for deletion, we may require the following before processing
the request: 1) provide proof of your written and signed permission with the
authorized agent to act on your behalf; 2) directly verify your own identity
with us; and 3) directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent
permission to submit the request on your behalf. The information which you
submit in conjunction with your request to delete will be used for the express
purposes of verification and providing you with responsive information to your
request, if required.
We
utilize a two-step process for online requests to delete, whereby you first
submit your request to delete, and second, you separately confirm that you want
your personal information deleted.
To the extent that your personal
information is necessary for us to maintain for a reason delineated in Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.105(d), including but not limited to complete a transaction
for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service you
have requested, detect security incidents, protect against malicious,
deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, debug, etc., or to comply with a
legal obligation, we are not required to comply with your request for deletion.
For instance, we are not required to delete personal information which is
necessary to maintain suppression files for those individuals who have opted
out of receiving email marketing from us. If we are unable to verify your
request, we will notify you as well.
Your
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information and How to Submit a
Verified Request to Opt-Out
You
have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. You have
ehe right to direct a business that sells (or may in the future sell) your
personal information to stop selling your personal information, and to refrain
from doing so in the future.
The
Site features a “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link here, which you can click to submit
your request to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. You may also
email us at privacy@domainactive.com to submit your request to opt-out of the sale of your
personal information. In conjunction with your request, we may request that you
provide your first name, last name, a California address, and email address to
verify and process your request. The
information which you provide will be used to verify your request and to
attempt to identify you within our data records. If you elect to use an
authorized agent to exercise your right to submit a request for deletion, we
may require the following before processing the request: 1) provide proof of
your written and signed permission with the authorized agent to act on your
behalf; 2) directly verify your own identity with us; and 3) directly confirm
with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request
on your behalf. The information which you submit in conjunction with your
request to opt-out will be used for the express purposes of verification and
complying with the opt-out request, if required.
Unless you have
previously contacted us and/or provided us with your first and last name, email
address, physical address, and/or telephone number, we are generally unable to
respond to requests to delete. Generally, without such additional information,
we do not have the ability to associate corresponding records and process your
request to delete.  We will honor third party partner requests to delete
information, where the individual is capable of being identified in our data
records.
Your
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your Privacy Rights
California
affords consumers with the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by a
business for the exercise of their privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. This
means that you cannot be denied goods or services; be charged different prices
or rates; be provided with a different level or quality of goods or services;
or have it suggested that you will receive a different price or rate or
different level or quality of goods or services. However, a business may offer
a financial incentive or price or service difference if it is reasonably
related to the value of the consumer’s data. A business shall notify consumers
of any financial incentive or price or service difference.
Updates
We
will revise this notice from time to time as implementing regulations further
develop and come into effect and we are able to provide you with better
information on your CCPA rights and how to exercise them.
8.
United States Only
This
Site is intended to be used in the United States only. The Site is controlled and
operated from the United States, and is not intended to subject us to the laws
or jurisdiction of any other country, except for the United States. This
Privacy Policy is provided in accordance with and subject to applicable United
States law. You may be located in a country that has laws which are more
restrictive about the collection and use of your personal information. However,
by using our Site, you agree to waive the more restrictive laws and agree to be
governed by the laws of the United States. Further, if you decide to continue
to access the Site from a location outside of the United States, you hereby
agree that your use of the Site is subject to this Privacy Policy and that your
personal information will be transferred, stored, and/or processed in the
United States. Your information may be collected, accessed, processed, and
stored in the United States as well as in any other country where we, our
affiliates, service providers, or our third party partners maintain facilities.
By using the Site, you consent to the transfer of such information to countries
outside or your country of residence, which may have different data protection
rules than those of your country.
9.
Opting Out
If
we send emails to you, you may opt out of receiving such emails at any time by
responding to the opt-out link provided within the email.
10.
Questions or Comments.  If you have questions or comments about this Privacy
Policy, your privacy rights, or our general privacy practices, please send us
an email at privacy@domainactive.com. If
you prefer, you may also contact us via physical mail at:
Level 2, 100 Harris Street, Pyrmont | NSW 2009, Australia. If you have a
disability which interferes with your ability to access this policy, we can
make accommodations to present the policy in an alternative format to assist
you. If you would like to receive this Privacy Policy in another format that is
accessible to your needs (for example: audio, large print, etc.) please contact
us.
© 2020 swedenfreezer.com
All rights reserved.