http://www.tisworld.com/tourconditions.php
Terms and Conditions
HOME
Terms and Conditions
Payments
Cancellations
Privacy policy
Terms of Business
Copyright Policy
Please read the terms and conditions.
When you put down deposits, you are agreeing to all terms and conditions.
RESERVATIONS, DEPOSITS & FINAL PAYMENTS
Group deposit: $300 per person. Interim Payment: $500 per person due 120 days before departure. Final Payment: Due 65 days before departure. General travel packages include airfare, hotel or condo accommodations, compact car per room, minivan for every 2 rooms or 2 bedroom, 15 passenger van for every 4 rooms (where available), flower leis (where available), and taxes.
Once deposits are received, you are agreeing to all terms and conditions set forth.
DEVIATIONS & CHANGES
Requests to deviate from the group travel arrangements cannot be processed less than 65 days before departure. Deviations are subject to the airline’s rules and restrictions for your group’s specific contract. Any additional airfare, airline fees, and/or travel charges incurred due to the changes will be applied. TIS document re-issue, when applicable, is subject to an additional $100.00 fee per person. All requested changes are subject to airlines, hotels, ground operators’ availability, rates and approval.
Please agree to the tour conditions below.
Your Name
Your Email
Team Name
SEND MESSAGE
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
• Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It won't affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
• Demographics and Interests Reporting
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
• By emailing us
• By calling us
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
• Within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.tisworld.com
15349 Dorman Ct
Fishers, IN 46040
USA
steve@tisworld.com
310-376-7929
All our products and services—including images, text, and itineraries are owned either by Travel International Sports or by third parties who have granted TIS permission to use the content. TIS cannot grant you permission for content that is owned by third parties. You may only copy, modify, distribute, display, license, or sell the content if you are granted explicit permission within the End-User License Agreement (EULA) or License Terms that accompany the content or are provided in the following guidelines. For more information, consult your copyright attorney.
AIRLINES & ACCOMMODATIONS
FAA scheduled airlines or DOT approved charter. TIS reserve the right to substitute carrier as needed. We will provide you with specific information, such as amenities, exact location and features of all the accommodations that we offer.
Travel Insurance
It is strongly recommended that tour participants protect themselves against losses of airfare and land arrangements costs, as well in case of injury, illness, or loss of valuables. Trip insurance can be obtained through TIS.
VISAS & PASSPORT
Visa Fees, if applicable, are not included. US valid passport is required. Passport must be valid for 6 months past the trip return date. Non US citizens must verify the specific travel documents needed to exit & re-enter the US and the entry requirements to the countries they wish to visit. Many countries require an entry visa, in addition to the valid passport. Verify the specific requirements for the countries you plan to visit. Failure to comply will result in denied boarding. No refunds will be made to passengers affected by their failure to possess proper documents.
PRICES, RATES & SERVICES
Prices are based on current tariffs, airfares, and currency exchange rates and are subject to change without notice. Tour and air transportation prices include TIS handling fees and/or administrative costs. Prices are subject to availability at the time of booking. Tickets can only be issued after the final passenger list has been approved in writing by the tour leader and full tour payment has been received in our office. Airfares, airline taxes and surcharges are subject to change until tickets are issued, so it is possible for the airline to raise the price after your final payment has been received in our office but before tickets are issued. In that case, we must pass along to your group members the airline’s price increase. Rates are subject to change in case of an airline’s route cancellation, bankruptcy or cessation of operations. Tour prices are subject to change until full payment for the package was received at our office and airline tickets have been issued. We cannot guarantee airline seat assignments as those are assigned and changed by the airline.
We cannot guarnatee hotel room bedding, location and amenities as those are controlled by the hotel.
We cannot guarantee the make/model of the car reserved and car changes at time of rental are handeled by the car rental agency.
All tour suppliers and TIS reserve the right to substitute accommodations of similar or better quality, and/or flights, in case original reserved services cease to be available. Tours are sold as complete packages and cannot be sold by ingredients.
RESPONSIBILITY
The suppliers providing the air transportation, accommodations, and all other arrangements for air, land and sea, are independent contractors and are directly responsible for their own operations. By using the services of these suppliers you agree that TIS will not be held liable for any bodily injury and/or financial damages, incidental or direct, incurred in connection with any accommodations, transportation, or any other services rendered as part of the tour, including but not limited to, negligence, defective equipment, strikes, cancellations or changes in itineraries or schedules, delays, trip interruptions, cease operations, bankruptcies, rate increases, weather conditions, or “Act of God”. The airline’s passenger contract, once issued, constitutes the sole agreement between the passenger and the airline. Any or all transportation companies shall incur their liabilities as common carriers. Any claims if made, shall be sought directly from the suppliers.
ARBITRATION
Customer hereby agrees that any dispute arising out of, or relating to, any tours offered shall be submitted to non-binding arbitration under the Federal Arbitration Act. Party shall pay for its own costs, arbitration fees, and attorney’s fees, if any.
TIS is an ARC appointed travel agency/tour operator, an Indiana corporation, and participates in the Consumer Travel Protection Plan. CA CST #2104423. 15349 Dorman Ct, Fishers, IN 46040.
Cancellation Fees
The penalty for canceling is $100 per person, 120 - 91 days to departure. From 90 to 65 days before departure: $300 per person. 64 to 31 days before departure: $500 per person. No refund 30 days or less before departure. All deposits and payments go towards the group balance.
Any deposits and payments made will be used to pay the cancellation fees, no matter the balance of unpaid monies. Delays in final payment, less than 45 days to departure, may be considered as full tour cancellation. All applicable air fare/hotel/car cancellation charges, as well as banks’ and credit card processing charges will be added to the above fees. In addition to the air cancellation fees, any refunds back to credit cards will include an additional fee. Group airfare is nonrefundable once ticketed. No refund for unused tour portions. Prepaid car rentals are non refundable. All cancellations must be made in writing. Refunds requested less than 45 days before departure will be processed after group return date. Travel International Sports is not responsible for any tournament/event cancellation or operation. In case of complete tour cancellation due to airline strike, bankruptcy or operations shutdown, adverse weather conditions, tournament/event cancellation, or a government travel advisory, tour cost will be refunded less handling fee of $150 per person, and any non-recoverable deposits and/or payments made to airlines & operators on behalf of the group. Airlines, hotels and ground operators’ cancellation fees and/or deposit refunds are subject to their individual policy. Refund processing fee may apply if refunded back to credit card. Allow one to three months for refund processing.
Airline Cancellation Fees
United Airlines Cancellation Fees: Airline cancellation fees start at 120 days prior to the departure date and charge $100 per seat canceled.
Delta Airlines Cancellation Fees: Airline cancellation fees start at 120 days prior to the departure date and charge $100 per seat canceled.
Hawaiian Airlines Cancellation Fees: Airline cancellation fees start at 120 days prior to the departure date and charge $100 per seat canceled.
Alaska Airlines Cancellation Fees: Airline cancellation fees start at 120 days prior to the departure date and charge $100 per seat canceled.
Virgin America Cancellation Fees: Airline cancellation fees start at 120 days prior to the departure date and charge $100 per seat canceled.
American Airlines Cancellation Fees: Airline cancellation fees start at 120 days prior to the departure date and charge $100 per seat canceled.
Hotel Cancellation Fees
Aston Cancellation Fees: Aston Hotel cancellation fees start at 90 days prior to the departure date and start at a 2 night pentaly for canceling rooms.
Outrigger/Ohana Cancellation Fees: Outrigger/Ohana hotel cancellation fees start at 90 days prior to the departure date and start at a 2 night pentaly for canceling rooms.
Sheraton Cancellation Fees: Sheraton cancellation fees start upon siging the contract.
There is an 80% attrition fee and you must use at least 80% of the room nights that are agreed upon in the contract.
Any rooms canceled are due in full to the hotel.
If the group cancels from the trip, the group is still liable for the cancellation fees of 80% of the excepted room revenue.
Marriott Cancellation Fees: Marriott cancellation fees start upon siging the contract.
There is an 80% attrition fee and you must use at least 80% of the room nights that are agreed upon in the contract.
Any rooms canceled are due in full to the hotel.
If the group cancels from the trip, the group is still liable for the cancellation fees of 80% of the excepted room revenue.
Hilton Cancellation Fees: Hilton cancellation fees start upon siging the contract.
There is an 80% attrition fee and you must use at least 80% of the room nights that are agreed upon in the contract.
Any rooms canceled are due in full to the hotel.
If the group cancels from the trip, the group is still liable for the cancellation fees of 80% of the excepted room revenue.
Pacific Beach Cancellation Fees: Pacific Beach cancellation fees start upon siging the contract.
There is an 80% attrition fee and you must use at least 80% of the room nights that are agreed upon in the contract.
Any rooms canceled are due in full to the hotel.
If the group cancels from the trip, the group is still liable for the cancellation fees of 80% of the excepted room revenue.