http://www.spokanemountaineers.org/page/privacy-policy/
.
Not a member yet? Join Us!
Donate Now
Member Login ›
ACTIVITIES
Chalet
Climbing
Conservation
Hiking
Mountain Biking
Paddling
Road Biking
Skiing
Social
Clubwide
SCHOOLS & CLINICS
Advanced Seminars and Classes
Aid Climbing Seminar
Alpine Climbing Seminar
Backpack School
Crack Climbing
High Angle Rescue
Ice Climbing Seminar
Leadership Development
Mountain School
Rock School
Sport Lead Seminar
Trad Lead School
CONSERVATION
ABOUT US
History
Our Mission
Club Leadership
The Foundation
Member Benefits
General Resources
13 Essentials
FAQ
Contact Us
E-Store
100 YEARS!
Spokane Mountaineers Inc.
PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF USE
THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBES THE PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF USE ON WHICH THE SPOKANE MOUNTAINEERS OFFER YOU ACCESS TO OUR WEBSITE AND ONLINE SERVICES:
Welcome to the Spokane Mountaineers website. We are providing you with access to our password-protected member?s area, school sign-ups, activities sign-ups, trip reports and photography area subject to this Statement of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use?).
We may update the Terms of Use.
All updates will be posted to the web site and the revision date will be noted in the footer to this document. By continuing to use the Spokane Mountaineers Website, you consent to the Terms of Use, including any updates. If you do not agree to any provisions of the Terms of Use, you should not access our website.
Privacy Policy
We will use the information contained in your membership application to provide your name, address, home phone and email in our annual membership directory and on the password protected member pages of this site in the on-line membership directory, unless you tell us otherwise. If you prefer for any reason NOT to have your personal information shared in this manner, please let us know by checking the box on the membership application to permit this exclusion. If you opt out of providing your information publicly, we will keep it for our private records and will not make it available to the membership in printed or electronic format. We will respect your wish for privacy, provided you let us know your needs.
We do not make our physical and/or electronic mailing lists, contact information, member roster, or other data collected on our members and membership activities available to other organizations except in limited circumstances and only upon approval of the Board of Trustees.
Any such disclosure is limited to like-minded organizations when the need relates to a matter of general interest to our membership and includes a specific restriction on further use beyond the one-time grant.
In no event will the Mountaineers sell this information or allow it to be used for commercial purposes.
Disclosure of private information is only permitted if such disclosure is required by law, or we have made a good faith determination that such disclosure is necessary to enforce the Terms of Use, or is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Spokane Mountaineers, its officers and trustees, its pool of volunteers, or its membership.
Terms of Use
In using our web site, you are expressly agreeing to the following Terms of Use.
If you fail to comply with these Terms of Use, we may suspend or terminate your use of our website and/or your membership in the Spokane Mountaineers in our sole discretion.
Use is limited to lawful purposes only.
Use is available only to members in good standing that are current in the payment of their dues.
You are responsible for maintaining your user name and password and should not share this information with others.
You will not use the web site to harass, intimidate, bully, or libel others.
You will not use the web site to post obscene or pornographic materials.
You will take reasonable steps to ensure that your access to the web site does not propagate a computer virus or other malware.
You will not post content to our web site if such posting would be a violation of copyright or other intellectual property rights of another.
You grant the Spokane Mountaineers a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide right to use, exploit and commercialize information that you post to our web-site.
You will not use the web site to promote your own commercial venture. Occasional offers to sell used outdoor gear are permitted from time-to-time.
You will not sell or provide public access to information contained on the web site.
You will not act in a manner that could impose a burden on the web host, result in a denial of service to other users, or in any other way interfere with the intended usage of the web site by our members and the public.
You are responsible for any content that you choose to post to our website and agree that you will hold the Spokane Mountaineers, its officers and trustees harmless from any damages or claims made as a result of posting such content to our web site.
We do not warrant the accuracy of the information contained on the website and your use of such information is at your own risk.
Our liability for any damages you could suffer as a result of your use of this web site is limited to the greater of the amount of fees you paid us during the twelve months immediately preceding the action giving rise to sue damages or $100.
We may but are not required to take action to attempt to resolve disputes between members.
If there is a dispute between you and the Spokane Mountaineers or its officers or trustees acting in their official capacities, and such dispute cannot be resolved by the parties working together, such dispute will be resolved by binding arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association with a venue of Spokane, Washington.
You agree not to use the Spokane Mountaineers logo, or other proprietary information, including the information and content contained on the web site for any reason, except as otherwise permitted by law, or as expressly permitted in writing by the Board of Trustees.
FAQ
Blog
Volunteer
Resources
Contact
About
Join the Mountaineers!
Copyright @2014 - 2019 Spokane Moutaineers SPOKANE MOUNTAINEERS P.O. Box 1013, Spokane, WA 99210-1013 Privacy Policy | Site Map
Website Design by Everwell Creative, implementation & hosting by Webbs, Inc.