http://www.thaltech.com/privacy-policy.html
www.thaltech.com /
www.jonslasers.com /
www.jonshobbies.com Privacy
Policy
Locally Stored Statistical and Access
Information The websites www.thaltech.com, www.jonshobbies.com,
www.jonslasers.com collect only general information regarding web
activity and statistical information and search terms, as with most
websites out there. This information is stored on the local hard
drive of the server to provide basic statistical analysis, website
troubleshooting and security. This statistical gathering of data is
for the direct use of the owner of thaltech.com and its related site
www.jonslasers.com and www.jonshobbies.com only, and at no time is
re-sold, re-distributed or shared with others. This information is
used to optimize the site for browser type, content of interest and
other things directly related to the performance of these
sites.
Third Party Advertisers and Statistical
Engines
Thaltech.com and its associate sites DO however use
third party advertisers such as Google Adsense to serve relevant ads
based on the content of the website and/or upon your own interests
when you visit my websites.
Thaltech.com and its associated sites listed in
the header of this document also use Google Analytics to help me
figure out where you, my viewers, are coming from, which content is
interesting to you and helps me create a more friendly and
interesting site for you while spending less time generating content
which may not be as valuable or interesting.
Google and other companies it associates with
may use information (not including your name, address, email
address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other
websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services
of interest to you. If you would like more information about this
practice and to know your choices about not having this information
used by these companies (opting out of data collection permenantly),
click
here or see Google
Analytics currently available opt-outs for the web.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to
time as the internet climate changes and technology evolves. Please
check back often if you have any concerns regarding your privacy or
the use of the data which is generated. Unlike many sites, we’ve
tried to put the privacy policy in a fairly visible spot amongst the
other links.
ReCAPTCHA v3
I have implemented reCAPTCHA v3 on my
sites and your use of reCAPTCHA v3 is subject to the Google Privacy
Policy and Terms
of Use.
These sites do not
allow user account creation or use other than the operator. Your
interaction with reCAPTCHA v3 should be minimal to non-existant,
however this statement is required as part of it’s
implementation.
Contact Information
If you have any
questions regarding these policies, or this website, which were not
answered by clicking
here, please email the thaltech.com
management