http://www.onblueberryhill.com/privacy-policy/
Tel: 1-800-811-4411
Toggle navigation
Home
Accommodations
Motel
Campground
Activities
Spring & Summer
Fall & Winter
Reservations
Room
Campsite
Group
Location
Contact
Privacy Policy
Who we are
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Blueberry Hill Motel & Campground collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.onblueberryhill.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Blueberry Hill Motel & Campground.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or through direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our business, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to book a room.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log into this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
We do not share your data with any third parties.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the personal data we collect, once received and stored using encryption where appropriate.
We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to provide the service you have signed up for and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes.
If you have any questions about the retention or security of your personal data, you can contact us at info@onblueberryhill.com.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obligated to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Additional information
How we protect your data
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Only employees/owners who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Changes to this privacy policy
Blueberry Hill Motel & Campground has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you feel that we are not following this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 705-649-5631 or by email at info@onblueberryhill.com
Updated May 24th 2018
Blueberry Hill Motel & Campground
RR#2, Goulais River, Ontario, Canada
Phone: 705-649-5631
Toll Free: 1-800-811-4411
Email: info@onblueberryhill.com
Helpful LinksHome
Location
Accommodations
Activities
Reservations
Contact
Privacy Policy
Connect
Partners
2020 © Blueberry Hill Motel & Campground . Policies