https://www.scottishcanals.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Recent severe weather has caused a significant breach on The Union Canal 500m east of the A801 between Polmont and Muiravonside. Our teams have stopped the flow of water, however the Union Canal remains closed to through traffic as a result.
Union Canal Closure – Breach at Muiravonside
Welcome to Scottish Canals. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Scottish Canals’ relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘Scottish Canals’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Canal House, Applecross Street, Glasgow G4 9SP. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
We strive to be as accurate as possible, however, your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website in the appropriate sections.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of Scotland.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Notice and Takedown Policy
Scottish Canals has made every effort to ensure that content on the Scottish Canals website does not infringe on any person’s rights.  However, we recognise that material published online may inadvertently contain sensitive or personal data, include content that may be regarded as obscene or defamatory, or is subject to copyright.
If you are concerned that you have found material on our website that contravenes privacy or copyright laws, or you consider to be obscene or defamatory, please contact us in writing providing the required information detailed below:
Your contact details
The details of the material, including the full URL of where it is located
Proof that you are the rights holder or an authorised representative
The reason for your request (e.g. copyright; privacy; data protection; obscenity; and/or defamation)
Contact Details: Notice and Takedown, Scottish Canals,  Head of Legal Services, Canal House, 1 Applecross Street, Glasgow, G4 9SP
enquiries@scottishcanals.co.uk
Upon receipt of notification, Scottish Canals will:
Acknowledge receipt of your complaint by email or letter
Make an initial assessment of the validity of the complaint
Seek external legal advice where necessary
Where a complaint is upheld, temporarily remove the material in question from the Scottish Canals website pending an agreed solution
Provide a written response and confirmation of our actions, of which one of the following outcomes will apply:
The material is replaced on the Scottish Canals website unchanged
The material is replaced on the Scottish Canals website with changes
The material is permanently removed from the Scottish Canals website
What we collect
You decide if you want to submit personal information. We will then use that information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Controlling your personal information
British Waterways t/a Scottish Canals will respect customer privacy at all times. Please refer to our privacy policy.
Shopping Terms & Conditions
British Waterways t/a Scottish Canals appreciate and value all of our customers and a positive customer experience is our number one aim. By reading this you accept all Terms & Conditions stated here.
We reserve the right to make changes to our Terms & Conditions at any time without warning or prior notification. You should make note of our Terms & Conditions prior to making any purchases on our site.
Intellectual Property
The content of our website, social media, promotional materials and emails including all text, trademarks, logos and any other design are protected by copyright laws in the UK. British Waterways t/a Scottish Canals do not allow any unauthorised attempt to copy, modify, distribute or reproduce any content from our websites or social media outlets.
Orders
Once you have placed your order, we will package and post your item to the addressed specified during your purchase. Please note that we cannot accept any responsibility for address mistakes. We ask that you check the address before completing your payment.
PayPal – Payment
Payment can be made via Paypal in their secure environment or via an alternative arrangement that should be agreed in advance. Please note that we do not accept cheques as payment. Paypal will accept Visa, Delta, Electron, EuroCard, MasterCard and Maestro (Switch) on our behalf. Order requests will only be accepted should the payment transaction be completed with full payment. Non-payments will result in order cancellation. No compensation will be offered for any payment fail situation.
Delivery
British Waterways t/a Scottish Canals use several different types of postal service providers, including the Royal Mail. For international customers, we will utilise the services of the most cost effective service provider and this may be negotiated between us. However, we reserve the right to make the final decision.
Damaged Goods
At British Waterways t/a Scottish Canals, we check every product to ensure that the highest standards have been met on every item prior to despatch. Should you receive any item that you are not satisfied with, you must contact us within 72 hours. You may contact us at British Waterways t/a Scottish Canals, Canal House, Applecross Street, Glasgow G4 9SP or email enquiries@scottishcanals.co.uk. We will discuss the options with you at the time of contact. When you contact us, please ensure that you provide your order reference number and contact details for you. Furthermore, please submit supporting evidence of any problems. Should your items be badly damaged, we recommend that you do not accept these from the Royal Mail delivery.
Returns
Your customer experience is very important to us and we strive to make your online shopping expedition as fun and enjoyable as possible. With this in mind, if you are not completely satisfied, we would be happy to accept returns up to 14 days after purchase. Should you wish to return any items, it is vital that you return them as they were purchased. We cannot accept the return/refund of any used product without prior approval. If you are unsure, please contact us to discuss your query. Should your request be approved, please send your item back to us with full contact details including your reference number. Depending on the circumstances, we may not be able to offer a refund for the initial delivery and you will be responsible for payment of the return post. Should a product be incorrect/faulty we will accept returns up to 30 days after purchase and cover the cost of delivery. Please always ensure that you always retain any proof of posting/purchase. We will not accept responsibility for lost or damaged items
Liability
By using this website or any of our products, you agree that you are at your own risk when using any British Waterways t/a Scottish Canals product. We are not liable to any party in contract, tort or negligence for death, personal injury, damage, claim, loss or expenses (for example data, reputation, revenue, profit, business or contacts).
From time to time, our website or associated social media pages may contain links to other sites. British Waterways t/a Scottish Canals assumes no responsibility for the content of such.
Our Mailing List
Should you purchase one of our items and/or supply an email address to us at any time, we will seek your consent to store that information in our customer database. Should you wish to be removed from our mailing list, please contact us and ask to be removed. Please note that we will remove this for you as soon as possible.
Complaints
Should you have any complaints or suggestions then please email us at enquiries@scottishcanals.co.uk.
Cookies on Scottish Canals
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
View Cookie Policy
Accept