https://www.cityofchesapeake.net/06administration/privacy-policy.htm
Contact Us
Subscribe
A-Z Index
My Chesapeake
Mayor's Welcome
The Heron Report
Advanced >>
Residents
A-Z Citizen's Guide
Adopt a Pet
Boards & Commissions
Bulk Trash Collection
City Employment
City Services – Request
Communities
South Norfolk
Events Planning
Farmers Market
Fine Arts
Flooding
Human Services
Adult Protective Services
Child Protective Services
Licensed Child Care
Parent and Youth Resources
Library
Geographic Information Systems (GIS)
Maps Gallery
Property QuickSearch
Mosquito Control Commission
New Residents
Parks, Recreation and Tourism
Public Schools
Real Estate Assessments
Senior Citizens
Sister Cities of Chesapeake
Welcome to Chesapeake
Chesapeake Television
Watch Live!
On Demand Video
Program Schedule
Visitors
Visiting Chesapeake?
Official Visitor Center
Chesapeake Tourism
Climate and Weather
History of Chesapeake
Chesapeake Expressway
City Activities and Info
City Calendar of Events
Parks, Recreation and Tourism
Library
Directions to City Facilities
Communities
South Norfolk
Attractions
Arboretum
City Park
Deep Creek Park
Dismal Swamp Canal Trail
Fun Forest
Northwest River Park
Oak Grove Lake Park
Planetarium
Great Bridge Battlefield & Waterways History Foundation
Business
Resources for New and Relocating Businesses
Economic Development
Opening a New Business
New Business Listing
Tenant Build-Outs
Development Review Process in Chesapeake
Doing Business with the City
Process
Bids and RFPs
Development, Land Use & Construction
Comprehensive Guide
Resources
Building Permits and Inspections Information
Forms and Permits List
Get Your Permit Online
Public Facilities Manual (PFM)
GIS: Geospatial Data
Departments
Commissioner of the Revenue
Development & Permits
Economic Development
Health Department
Planning
Public Utilities
Public Works
Treasurer
Government
Welcome to Chesapeake
City Council
Meetings
Members & Mayor
Upcoming Agenda
Previous Meeting Agendas, Videos & Minutes
City Clerk's Office
Watch Meeting Live
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
Boards and Commissions
City Departments
City Budget
Operating & Capital Improvement Budgets
Constitutional Offices
Clerk of the Circuit Court
Commissioner of the Revenue
Commonwealth's Attorney
Sheriff
Treasurer
City Manager
Animal Services
Fire
Human Resources
Human Services
Public Schools
Real Estate Assessor
Planning Dept
Public Works
Public Utilities
Police
Voter Registrar
Online Services
Request a Service Online
Bulk Trash Collection
City Forms & Applications
Online Payments
Treasurer's Payment Center
Income Tax Return Information
Public Library
Library Card Application
Meeting Rooms
Submit a FOIA Request
Parks and Recreation Online Class Registration
Property Information
Real Estate Property Information Search
Property Quick Search
GIS Map Gallery
School Zone Lookup
Outstanding Real Estate Taxes & Fees Information
City Employment
Voting
Where do I vote?
Who is my Legislator?
Construction
Apply for a Permit
Inspection Results
Request an Inspection
Public Safety
File a Police Crime Report
Interactive Crime Map
share
print > City of Chesapeake, Virginia > Administrative pages > City of Chesapeake Website Privacy Policy
City of Chesapeake Website Privacy Policy
It is the policy of the Commonwealth of Virginia and the City of Chesapeake that personal information about you will be collected only to the extent necessary to provide the service or benefit desired; that only appropriate information will be collected; that you shall understand the reason the information is collected and be able to examine their personal record which is maintained by a public body.
Gathering Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to the City of Chesapeake websites may choose to interact in ways that require the City of Chesapeake to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information gathered depends on the nature of the interaction. In each case, the City of Chesapeake collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction. The City of Chesapeake does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Cookies
A cookie is a tiny piece of text that is placed on your computer's hard drive. If your browser is set to notify you before accepting a cookie, you will receive a request for a cookie to be stored on your computer. We do not use cookies to record any personal information. Cookies may be used by some City web applications to pass needed information from one page to the next. We want to be sure you understand that accepting a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information about you. We analyze user traffic patterns on our web portal from information automatically provided by your browser when you visit our site. We use the statistical information gathered to measure site and server performance and continually improve the content of our sites to better serve you.
Embedded Content
Some pages on www.CityofChesapeake.net may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, forms, etc.) Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking and monitor your interactions with the embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged into that website. This policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they share and/or collect here. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Third-Party Applications
The City of Chesapeake uses third-party applications in order to provide online transactions such as requesting a service, improve site performance, offer better service or make various transactions easier.
Records Retention and Freedom of Information Act Laws
Public records will be retained in accordance to records retention laws and provided to the public in accordance with the Virginia Freedom of Information Act (FOIA).
Note that information you provide via this website may be kept and provided to the public. Learn more about your rights and our responsibilities under FOIA.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, the City of Chesapeake may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in the City of Chesapeake's discretion.
We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to the Privacy Policy.
City Hall Address:
306 Cedar Road
Chesapeake, VA 23322
Connect with Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Chesapeake Television
All Social Media Sites
Email and RSS Notifications
Chesapeake Alert
Other City of Chesapeake Websites
QuickLinks
Request a City Service
Contact Us
News Room
Calendar
WCTV Chesapeake Television
Virginia Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
Policies
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
© Copyright 1996 - 2018 • City of Chesapeake • All rights reserved