http://www.advantagecamo.com/web-site-policies
Skip to main content
Camo
Hunting
Fishing
Store
×
Camo
Hunting
Bourbon Buttermilk Fried Deer Tenderloin
December 9, 2020   |  Timber 2 Table Wild Game Recipes
Dutch Oven Campfire Elk Pot Roast
December 4, 2020   |  Timber 2 Table Wild Game Recipes
Categories
Deer Hunting
Turkey Hunting
Waterfowl Hunting
Bowhunting
Big Game Hunting
Fishing
Predator Hunting
Small Game Hunting
Guns and Shooting
Food Plots / Land Management
Global Hunting
Editorial
Articles
News Articles
Photo Galleries
Videos
Quizzes
Blogs
Community
Trophy Den
Hunting Forums
Forum Registration
BUCKMASTERS
BONE COLLECTOR
Timber 2 Table
Venison Recipes
Wild Turkey Recipes
Upland Game Bird Recipes
Duck and Goose Recipes
Elk Recipes
Moose Recipes
Bear Recipes
Pork Recipes
Squirrel Recipes
Fish Recipes
Rabbit Recipes
Wild Fruits and Vegetables
Raccoon Recipes
Beaver Recipes
TV Shows
Bill Jordan’s Realtree Outdoors
Monster Bucks®
Realtree Road Trips®
Pro Staff
Bill Jordan
Tyler Jordan
David Blanton
View All
Resources
Outfitters
State DNRs
Promotions
Fish & Game Forecaster
Fishing
Store
Website Policies
Terms of UseRealtree ® provides its online services to you subject to the following terms of use. By visiting this web site, you accept these terms of use.
CopyrightAll content on this web site, including text, graphics, logos, service names, page headers, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, scripts, and software, is the property of Realtree or its content suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
These elements are our trademarks and trade dress, and they may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not licensed or approved by us.
This web site or any portion of it may not be reproduced, copied, sold, framed, enclosed, used in metatags or hidden text, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Realtree. In addition, the web site or any portion of it may not be used in any way that disparages or discredits Realtree or is likely to cause confusion among our customers.
Other TrademarksTrademarks appearing on this web site that are not owned by Realtree are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with Realtree.
LinkingYou are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of this web site as long as the link does not portray Realtree or our products and services in a way that is false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive. You may not use any company logos or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
Your Personal AccountYou are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any account and passwords associated with the use of this web site and for all activities that occur under your account or password.
LimitationsThis web site is not designed for, and should not be used by, persons under the age of 13. For more information, refer to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, enacted April 21, 2000.
Realtree reserves the right to refuse online service, terminate online accounts, and remove or edit online content at its sole discretion.
Visitor-Supplied ContentVisitors to this web site may send email and other communications to Realtree and are encouraged to post text and image files in the areas provided for that purpose, as long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, objectionable, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or injurious to third parties.
By submitting a photo or other content to this web site, the contributor affirms that he or she has the right to publish and transfer rights to that content. All photos and other content posted on this web site by visitors becomes the property of Realtree and may be used in any way Realtree deems fit, online or offline, without compensation or other consideration to the contributor.
Your online communications to Realtree are not permitted to contain or consist of software viruses, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, political campaigning, or any form of spam. You may not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the purpose of an email or other content. We reserve the right (but do not have the obligation) to remove or edit such submitted content. Realtree is not responsible or liable for any content you post. You will indemnify Realtree for any claims resulting from content you supply.
Reliability of ContentOur intent is for the content on this web site to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that content of this web site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
AffiliatesRealtree does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products or services, or web sites of any third parties associated with this web site. You should carefully review their privacy statements and terms of use.
Disclaimer of Warranties & Limitation of LiabilityThis web site is provided by Realtree on an as-is and as-available basis. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation or content of this web site. Realtree does not warrant that this web site, its servers, or email sent from this URL are free of viruses or harmful components. We will not be liable for damages of any kind in connection with the use of this web site. You expressly agree that your use of this web site is entirely at your own risk.Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If those laws apply to you, you may have additional rights.
Applicable LawBy visiting this web site, you agree that the laws of the state of Indiana, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Use and any dispute that might arise between you and Realtree.
DisputesIf you violate or threaten the intellectual property rights of Realtree, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Georgia. You consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
Any other dispute relating to your visit to this web site will be submitted to confidential arbitration in Columbus, Georgia. Arbitration under this agreement will be conducted under the prevailing rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award will be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no arbitration under this agreement may be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
SeverabilityIf any of these conditions are deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Modification of Web Site, Privacy Policy, or Terms of Use
We reserve the right to make changes to our web site and to our privacy policy and terms of use at any time.
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of Realtree.Our postal address is:1390 Box CircleColumbus, GA 31907We can be reached via email at webmaster@realtree.com.Our server automatically recognizes the domain name and email address (when possible) of each visitor to our web site.We collect the following information:
Domain name and email address (when possible) of visitors to our web site
Email addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board
Email addresses of those who communicate with us via email
Email addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas
Aggregate information about what pages consumers access or visit
User-specific information about what pages consumers access or visit
Information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or web site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number, and payment information (such as credit card number and billing address).
The information we collect is used as follows:
Used to improve the content of our web site
Used to customize the content and/or layout of our web site for each individual visitor
Used to notify consumers about updates to our web site
Shared with agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations
Used to contact consumers for marketing purposes
Shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes
Disclosed when legally required at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation
Disclosed to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our web site and applicable laws
Disclosed to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our web site
Provided to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, or other corporate change affecting the web site.
We use cookies for the following:
To store visitors’ preferences
To record session information, such as items that consumers add to shopping carts
To record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit
To alert a visitor to new areas that we think might be of interest when the visitor returns to our web site
To record past activity at a web site in order to provide better service when a visitor returns to our web site
To ensure that a visitor is not repeatedly sent the same banner ads
To customize web site content based on a visitor’s browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an email at the above address or writing to us at the above address.From time to time, we make our customer email list and the email addresses of those who access our web site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your email address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by writing to us at the above address.If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information about new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by writing to us at the above address.You may also receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online.With respect to ad servers, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our web site to bring you offers that are of interest to you. As a result of your visit to our web site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address, and clickstream information.  For further information, consult the privacy policies of http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/.From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.  If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes, and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by writing to us at the above address.We do not provide web site visitors with access to information that we have collected and that we maintain about them. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers, transaction information, and communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the web site. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us email at the above address or by writing to us at the above address.We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our web site. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information, such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.If you feel that this web site is not following its stated privacy policy, you may contact us at the above addresses.This privacy policy is effective as of July 1, 2010.
Giveaways
NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE THE CHANCES OF WINNING. ENTERING THE CONTEST ENROLLS YOU IN REALTREE.COM'S E-NEWSLETTER SYSTEM.
1. Eligibility: Sweepstakes (the “Sweepstakes”) is open only to those who sign up at the online sweepstakes page and who are 18 as of the date of entry. The sweepstakes is only open to legal residents of the United States and Canada and is void where prohibited by law. Employees of REALTREE, their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, suppliers and their immediate family members and/or those living in the same household of each are not eligible to participate in the Sweepstakes. The Sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. Void where prohibited.
2. Agreement to Rules: By participating, you agree to be fully unconditionally bound by these Rules, and you represent and warrant that you meet the eligibility requirements set forth herein. In addition, you agree to accept the decisions of REALTREE as final and binding as it relates to the content. The Sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws.
3. Sweepstakes Period: Entries will be accepted online starting on or about February 13, 2017 and ending June 1, 2020.
4. How to Enter: The Sweepstakes must be entered by submitting an entry using the online form and e-newsletter signup. The entry must fulfill all sweepstakes requirements, as specified, to be eligible to win a prize. Entries that are not complete or do not adhere to the rules or specifications may be disqualified at the sole discretion of REALTREE. You may enter only once and you must fill in the information requested. You may not enter more times than indicated by using multiple email addresses, identities or devices in an attempt to circumvent the rules. If you use fraudulent methods or otherwise attempt to circumvent the rules your submission may be removed from eligibility at the sole discretion of REALTREE.
5. Prizes: Winners will receive various prizes as listed on Realtree.com with approximate retail value of $10. Actual/appraised value may differ at time of prize award. The specifics of the prize shall be solely determined by the Sponsor. No cash or other prize substitution permitted except at Sponsor's discretion. The prize is nontransferable. Any and all prize related expenses, including without limitation any and all federal, state, and/or local taxes shall be the sole responsibility of the winner. No substitution of prize or transfer/assignment of prize to others or request for the cash equivalent by winners is permitted. Acceptance of prize constitutes permission for REALTREE to use winner's name, likeness, and entry for purposes of advertising and trade without further compensation, unless prohibited by law.
6. Odds: The odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received.
7. Winner selection and notification: Winners of the Sweepstakes will be selected in a random drawing under the supervision of the Sponsor. Winners will be notified via email to the email address they entered the Sweepstakes with within five (5) days following the winner selection. REALTREE shall have no liability for a winner's failure to receive notices due to winners' spam, junk e-mail or other security settings or for winners' provision of incorrect or otherwise non-functioning contact information. If the selected winner cannot be contacted, is ineligible, fails to claim the prize within 15 days from the time award notification was sent, or fails to timely return a completed and executed declaration and releases as required, prize may be forfeited and an alternate winner selected.
The receipt by winner of the prize offered in this Sweepstakes is conditioned upon compliance with any and all federal and state laws and regulations. ANY VIOLATION OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES BY ANY WINNER (AT SPONSOR'S SOLE DISCRETION) WILL RESULT IN SUCH WINNER'S DISQUALIFICATION AS WINNER OF THE SWEEPSTAKES AND ALL PRIVILEGES AS WINNER WILL BE IMMEDIATELY TERMINATED.
8. Rights Granted by you: By entering this contest you understand that REALTREE, anyone acting on behalf of REALTREE, or its respective licensees, successors and assigns will have the right, where permitted by law, without any further notice, review or consent to print, publish, broadcast, distribute, and use, worldwide in any media now known or hereafter in perpetuity and throughout the World, your entry, including, without limitation, the entry and winner's name, portrait, picture, voice, likeness, image or statements about the Sweepstakes, and biographical information as news, publicity or information and for trade, advertising, public relations and promotional purposes without any further compensation.
9. Terms: REALTREE reserves the right, in its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Sweepstakes should (in its sole discretion) a virus, bugs, non-authorized human intervention, fraud or other causes beyond its control corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness or proper conduct of the Sweepstakes. In such case,REALTREE may select the recipients from all eligible entries received prior to and/or after (if appropriate) the action taken by REALTREE.Any attempt by an entrant to deliberately damage any web site or undermine the legitimate operation of the sweepstakes may be a violation of criminal and civil laws and should such an attempt be made, REALTREE reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. By entering the Sweepstakes you agree to receive email newsletters periodically from REALTREE.
10. Limitation of Liability: By entering you agree to release and hold harmless REALTREE and its subsidiaries, affiliates, advertising and promotion agencies, partners, representatives, agents, successors, assigns, employees, officers and directors from any liability, illness, injury, death, loss, litigation, claim or damage that may occur, directly or indirectly, whether caused by negligence or not, from (i) such entrant's participation in the sweepstakes and/or his/her acceptance, possession, use, or misuse of any prize or any portion thereof, (ii) technical failures of any kind, including but not limited to the malfunctioning of any computer, cable, network, hardware or software; (iii) the unavailability or inaccessibility of any transmissions or telephone or Internet service; (iv) unauthorized human intervention in any part of the entry process or the Promotion; (v) electronic or human error which may occur in the administration of the Promotion or the processing of entries.
Sponsored by DataSport
COMPANY HISTORY
MEDIA ROOM
ADVERTISE
WALLPAPERS
FAQ & CONTACT US
LEGAL
EXTRANET
LICENSING
COMPANY HISTORY
MEDIA ROOM
ADVERTISE
WALLPAPERS
FAQ & CONTACT US
LEGAL
EXTRANET
LICENSING
©2020 Jordan Outdoor Enterprises, Ltd. All rights reserved.
Site by Gray Loon.
Realtree 365