http://www.thecrossings.co.nz/terms-conditions/
home / terms & conditions
Terms and Conditions
Website Operating Policy and Disclaimer
This website is operated by Yealands Estate Winery and Vineyard Limited, New Zealand.
This website and information contained herein is provided in good faith and is intended as a general summary of information and an overview to our operations, including but limited to our winery and vineyard. It is not intended to replace qualified consultation undertaken directly with authorised representatives of Yealands Estate Wines Limited New Zealand.
Information contained on this website may be changed at any time without notice. While we have made every reasonable effort to ensure accuracy of information, all information should be verified before acting upon it.
The views and opinions expressed in this site do not necessarily reflect those of Yealands Estate Wines Limited New Zealand, its Board of Directors, Staff or agents.
Reference made on this website to independent agents, companies or organisations outside of Yealands Estate Wines Limited New Zealand through use of title, logos or photographic images does not necessarily constitute recommendation or infer association.
All material contained herein is the property of Yealands Estate Wines Limited New Zealand or suppliers and MUST NOT be downloaded, copied or used without prior permission in writing. For authorisation please click here.
This website contains links to other independent sites which are supplied in good faith. Yealands Estate Wines Limited New Zealand has NO CONTROL over the content or Privacy of these sites.
Website Privacy
Yealands Estate Wines Limited New Zealand will use any information provided by visitors to this site for the specific purpose of communicating with them. Any information automatically retrieved, such as site browsing patterns etc will only be used in total, without identifying individuals, for site modification and marketing purposes.
No information provided by visitors will be passed on to third parties, with the exceptions of points 3-4 below. Where visitors enter a competition or promotion or subscribe to a marketing database via this website, it may be necessary to forward information on to a third party for organisational purposes. In all cases, visitors will be given the opportunity of declining to receive future communication from Yealands Estate Wines Limited New Zealand or related suppliers.
Yealands Estate Wines Limited New Zealand may be required by law to disclose provided visitor information. We will only make this disclosure if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so.
Please note that this site contains links to other sites that Yealands Estate Wines Limited New Zealand do not control and who may not share the same Privacy Policy safeguards as us. Yealands Estate Wines Limited New Zealand reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy and will notify site users of the existence of a revised Privacy Policy.
Our Wines
Sauvignon Blanc
Pinot Noir
Pinot Gris
Wild Pinot Noir
Wild Sauvignon Blanc
Our Estates
Brackenfield
Willow Flat
Medway
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Liquor licence
Privacy Policy