https://www.aquapress.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Home / Terms & Conditions
Aquapress.co.uk (“we”, “our”, “us”) is a UK business selling goods. Our terms and conditions (“terms”) apply to all our goods transactions and are set out below. Please read our terms carefully. Please also read our Privacy statement regarding personal information provided by you. We recommend that you print the terms out for reference in the future.
1. Business Contact Details
UK address:
AquaPress Ltd
25 Farriers Way
Temple Farm Industrial Estate
Southend-on-Sea
Essex
SS2 5RY
Phone: +44 (0)1702 462466
Contact e-mail: info@aquapress.co.uk
2. Use of this site
2.1 By accessing and using any part of this site, the visitor/customer (“you”) agrees with us to be bound by these terms. If you do not accept these terms, you may not use this site or access or display any of the information made available to you at this site.
3. UK customer’s statutory rights are not affected by any of these terms.
4. We reserve the right to refuse the supply of goods and services at our discretion.
5. If any provision of these terms and conditions shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable then that provision shall be excluded and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions.
6. Offer and acceptance
A binding contract is formed between you and us when you receive confirmation from us by e-mail, telephone or other agreed means that your order has been accepted.
7. Returns & Refunds (European Union consumers only)
7.1 If you are not completely happy with the goods –unwanted goods
We want you to be totally satisfied with every purchase you make from us. We aim to offer you value and quality. To cancel you can e-mail, fax, or write to us via the details below within 7 working days of delivery, quoting your order number. Items must not be used and you must take reasonable care of them. We will offer you a full refund or exchange it within 30 days of you cancelling the agreement. You will pay the cost of returning the goods. We may collect the goods for you, however there will be a charge for this service. The address for returned items is as listed in Section 1 Business Contact Details.
Items can be returned to us provided:
Books are in an unused condition.
Any other item is in its original condition and packaging.
A copy of the invoice note or proof of purchase is included.
Note: When returning goods we recommend that you use a recorded delivery or trackable service, as we are unable to accept responsibility for returns that fail to arrive.
7.2 You lose the right to cancel if:
you have had the goods personalised (for example an authors dedication).
you have opened sealed audio or video recordings, or computer software.
they are newspapers, periodicals or magazines.
7.3 If the goods are damaged or faulty
Please examine the goods on delivery in case they are damaged, missing, wrongly supplied or faulty. If you inform us within 30 days of receipt of delivery that the goods are delivered damaged or faulty we will refund return postage and replacement at our expense. You may inform us by any of the Business Contact Details given in Section 1. Please ensure that the original packaging is kept for examination.
8. Complaints Procedure
We endeavour to respond to all complaints within 5 working days. We will acknowledge receipt of any complaint and give an indication of the timescale expected to resolve the complaint. We will keep you informed regarding the progress of the complaint.
9. Prices, statements, descriptions
9.1. All prices, statements, descriptions on our site are invitations to treat
The price you pay is the price displayed on this website at the time we receive your order apart from the following exception. While we try and ensure that all prices on our website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of goods you have ordered we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund.
9.2. Website pricing and indication of price
All prices displayed on the website are given in Pounds Sterling and are inclusive of any VAT.
Note: All costs are clearly displayed on the site including the cost of carriage and orders may be changed or cancelled before final submission.
9.3. Currency converter and limitations to use
The currency converter is provided for guidance only as all orders will be charged in Pounds Sterling. Rates vary and the currency converter may not be accurate. The currency converter rates are not updated every day.
Foreign customers should check with their bank or credit/debit card company for the exact exchange rate and any additional costs that may be incurred following a transaction in Pounds Sterling.
10. Payment Options
10.1 On-line payment by all major credit and debit cards as accepted or updated by our payment provider:
We accept on-line payment with the following cards:
Mastercard
Visa
Delta
Switch
Solo
Eurocard
Electron
We also accept all credit and debit cards carrying the Mastercard or Visa logos. We reserve the right to decline any credit or debit card including major ones which are not accepted by our payment provider.
Payment by card may be made by entering the card details on the secure payment screen.
We are unable to despatch goods until payment had been cleared or authorised. Payment will be processed following acceptance of your order on the website.
11. Goods are subject to availability
Books and other products offered for sale have a limited life span and may either be re-printing or out-of-print. Whilst we endeavour to provide the best information on product availability and stock availability, occasionally goods become unexpectedly out-of-print or unavailable. In the event that we are unable to supply the goods or services, we will inform you as soon as possible (normally the same working day). You will be given the option for either; an immediate full refund or, acceptance of the order following a new supply date for the goods or services.
12. Delivery times, options, deadlines and guarantees
12.1 Delivery Options
The website lists all delivery options available. Pricing comparisons can be made via the website on the order pages. Carriage options are only listed within the order pages.
12.2. Guaranteed Services deadline.
For guaranteed services we endeavour to despatch the same day if the order is placed on or before 2pm GMT. This service is subject to availability as Section 11. Orders placed on Saturday or Sunday will be despatched on Monday. This guaranteed service is subject to payment clearance.
12.3. Delivery within 28 working days from receipt of your order
We will endeavour to deliver non-guaranteed services within 28 working days from receipt of your order. All orders are subject to payment clearance. If an item is temporarily out of stock and despatch is anticipated to be greater than 28 days, we will contact you to arrange a new delivery date. At this time you will be given the opportunity to cancel the order.
Note: The majority of orders are processed and despatched within 48 hours on a 2-3 day delivery service. Customers requiring delivery by a specific date are advised to use a guaranteed service.
13. On-line security
All reasonable precautions will be taken to ensure the details of your order and payment remain secure. However, unless we are negligent, we cannot be held liable for any losses caused as a result of unauthorised access to information provided by you.
Our site uses a sophisticated combination of secure environments coupled with state of the art technology to keep your personal details secure. If you have any questions regarding on-line security please e-mail us at info@aquapress.co.uk.
14. aquapress.co.uk product guarantee
All our products are guaranteed subject to normal use and wear against manufacturing defects for a minimum of 12 months.
15. Your personal details
We have a ‘privacy statement’ for all our clients. All personal details given are securely stored. We do not supply or sell your details to any outside organisation. We will endeavour to take all reasonable care, in so far as it is possible to do so, to keep all details of your order and payment secure, but, in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from our website.
16. Trademarks
AquaPress, AquaPress Ltd and aquapress.co.uk and the AquaPress Logo are Trademarks of AquaPress. All trademarks used are the property of their respective owners. All trademarks are recognised.
17. Copyright
Data held on this site is the copyright of AquaPress Ltd. All site functionality, graphics, structure and design including source code is the copyright of AquaPress Ltd.
18. Governing law and jurisdiction
18.1 This contract is subject to the law of England and Wales. All disputes arising out of this contract shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. Those who access the site from other locations are responsible for compliance with their local laws and taxes as applicable.
18.2 Any disputes not resolved by normal complaints procedure will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England and Wales under English Law.
© Copyright 2017 AquaPress. All rights reserved. All Trademarks recognised.
Product categories
Select a category
Commercial Diving
Decompression Manuals
Dive Manuals
Diving Guides
Fiction
Historical
Log Books
Marine Life
Military Diving
Non Fiction
Photography
Scapa Flow
Technical Manuals
US Navy
Worldwide Diving Guides