https://www.longbeachbsa.org/support/other-support/donorprivacy/
Skip to content
> Support Scouting > Other Support > Donor Privacy
Purpose
Your trust and confidence are important to us.
The purpose of this policy is to state the position of the Council on donor confidentiality and donor anonymity and will guide the actions of the Board of Directors, the Scout Executive and staff who may serve the Council, regarding the rights of donors and potential donors to confidentiality regarding their transactions with the Council.
The Long Beach Area Council, Boy Scouts of America recognizes that the operation of the Council requires the maintenance and management of extensive donor and prospect records. Donor records often contain sensitive information that has been shared with or developed by the Council staff on a confidential basis. “Records” means all files, including electronic data, containing information on donors or prospective donors to the Council.
Policies
Confidentiality of Records
The Scout Executive shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of donor and prospect records and will ensure that all staff have clear direction regarding the confidentiality of records through the establishment of appropriate operating procedures. He/she may, in his/her discretion, make all or part of any record available to staff members or volunteers if essential to them in executing their responsibilities. Disclosure decisions will honor the wishes of donors related to disclosure unless a larger legal issue is related.
To carry out its responsibilities, the Board of Directors may need to review donor/prospect records. All directors shall respect the Council’s significant interest in protecting the sensitive nature of those records and shall maintain these policies for donor confidentiality.
The Council’s auditors are authorized to review donor and prospect records as required for the purposes for which they are engaged. Fund agreements are considered “strictly confidential information” and are not public documents. Particulars of a fund document will not be shared with the general public or with fund recipients unless the donor has granted permission to do this or unless these details are essential to be shared in order for the fund to be administered as desired by the donor.
Fund Representatives
The donor or donors who sign the founding documents are the Fund Representatives. The CEO of a nonprofit agency that has an agency endowment is the Fund Representative. A donor may petition the Council in writing to designate another Fund Representative or Representatives. Previously designated successive generation donor advisors will be Fund Representatives once they receive donor privilege upon the death of a donor.
Only Fund Representatives are authorized to receive fund statements of information concerning activities of the fund. Release of fund information to auditors will be done only upon written request of the Fund Representative. For memorial funds, the family will designate a Fund Representative.
For unrestricted, field or interest, administrative endowment or other funds created by the Board of Directors, it will be the Council’s discretion to designate others as Fund Representatives.
Publication of Donor Names
The names of all individual donors will be listed in the Council’s annual report and/or in similar public relations communications. Exceptions will be made for any donor who specifically requests anonymity.
The Council will not publish the specific amount of any donor’s gift without the permission of the donor. Donors making gifts to the Council by bequest or other testamentary device are deemed to have granted such permission. Donors should be aware that it is the Council’s policy, from time to time, to publish the current market value of its funds from which a reader may be able to determine the approximate size of a donor’s gift.
Honor/Memorial Gifts
The names of donors of memorial or honor gifts may be released to the honoree, next of kin or appropriate member of the immediate family, unless otherwise specified by the donor. Gift amounts are not to be released without express consent of the donor.
Anonymous Gifts
The Scout Executive is authorized to accept anonymous gifts to the Council. In the event the Scout Executive is uncertain about the desirability of accepting an anonymous gift, he/she shall consult with the Executive Committee. The Scout Executive shall disclose to the Executive Committee, upon a request by a majority of the Executive Committee, the names of any anonymous donors.
Disclosure of Pending Gifts
In the event that the Scout Executive concludes that the Council is likely to receive, in the immediate future, a gift equal to or greater than five percent of its then existing assets, the Scout Executive shall notify the Chair. The Chair and the Scout Executive shall apply all requirements of the gift acceptance policy and determine the appropriate course for notifying the Board of Directors.
Kinds of Information
The Council may collect personal information such as names, company names, titles, addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers, e-mail addresses, and payment information (such as credit card numbers)from donors. By submitting personal information, the donor acknowledges that he or she has read this privacy policy, understands it, agrees to its terms and authorizes the Council to collect, use and disclose personal information pursuant to the terms of this privacy policy.
Any information you submit through email, online, phone, mail or by an employee becomes the sole property of the Long Beach Area Council, Boy Scouts of America.
How We Use It
The Council uses personal information collected from donors to respond to donor inquiries, to issue donation receipts, to help in deciding who receives future fundraising appeals, to help organize fundraising events, and to inform donors of new programs and services.
How we protect your Information
The first protection we ensure is that the Long Beach Area Council, Boy Scouts of America never sells, rents, leases or exchanges your personal information with other organizations. The identity of all who contact us through our website, postal mail, and email will be kept confidential. The use of your information is limited to internal purposes, by authorized individuals, to better service an existing donors, potential donors or partner relationship. We make every effort to ensure the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data  accuracy, and ensure the proper use of information, we have established and implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Removing your name from our mailing list
You can ask to be removed from our email list, mailing list or phone lists. If you determine that information in our database is inaccurate or it has changed, you can modify your personal information by calling us at (562) 427-0911.
The Donor Bill of Rights
The Long Beach Area Council, Boy Scouts of America has the highest standards for all operations across all departments and practices consistent processes that produce positive, decisive results for constituents and employees. As a part of this initiative, we, as a council, are committed to meet high standards of accountability to earn our donors deepest confidence.
We endorse and adopt the “Donor’s Bill of Rights” developed by the American Association of Fund Raising Counsel, the Association for Healthcare Philanthropy, the Association of Fundraising Professionals and the Council for Advancement and Support of Education. This document has also been endorsed by other organizations including the Independent Sector, the National Catholic Development Conference, the National Committee on Planned Giving, the National Council for Resource Development and the United Way of America, among others.
Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To ensure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the nonprofit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
To be informed of the organization’s mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization’s governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
To have access to the organization’s most recent financial statements.
To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition.
To be assured that information about their donation is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization or hired solicitors.
To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.
To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.
We encourage donors or potential donors to contact us regarding any questions or concerns regarding the “Donor Bill of Rights” and hope that our adherence to these rights strengthens the trust our donors have shown in us.
Information Data Privacy Policy
The Long Beach Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America is committed to respecting and protecting the personal privacy of its members and those who visit its Web site. It is our policy to acquire personal information from users only by overt and voluntary means, only when it is in the interest of the user to provide it, and to utilize this information only for the purpose it was provided.
The information that follows explains the kinds of information the BSA Web site collects, how it is used, and the conditions under which it is made available to third parties.
NOTE: This privacy policy applies only to the Long Beach Area Council Web site. This privacy policy does not apply to any unit Web site, as their content is not controlled by the Long Beach Area Council or the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America. Please contact the administrator of any council, unit, or other Scouting-oriented Web site for information about their own privacy policies and the information they collect about their site visitors.
What information does this site collect?
This site collects anonymous data that is not indicative of and cannot be traced to an individual without the cooperation of their Internet Service Provider. This data includes information about the user’s remote IP address, referral data (which page “linked” to the present request), and the browser software’s user-agent string. This information is accepted passively from the HTTP headers that are sent from the user when requesting any file from the server. Other anonymous data entered by the user may be collected in a common repository, including terms entered into the search engine, etc.
Personally identifiable data is collected only by means of form interfaces on the site, into which the user must voluntarily enter the information requested. This information is requested only when it is necessary to accomplish the overt purpose indicated by the interface containing the form that requests it. Such for interfaces require only the information reasonably necessary to accomplish the overt purpose indicated on the interface.
No attempt is made to covertly or “quietly” collect personally identifiable information, nor are cookies or any other tracking technology used for the purpose of coordinating information that a user may opt to enter in various interfaces on the site.
What organization is collecting the information?
Information entered by site visitors is retrieved directly by the Long Beach Area Council of the Boy Scouts of America, mailing address: 401 E 37th Street, Long Beach CA 90807 — telephone 562-427-0911.
How does the LBAC use the information it collects?
The anonymous information collected is used to monitor the usage of this Web site and the interests of those who use it. Data such as the volume of traffic to the server, the number of visitors a certain section of the site receives each month, or the most popular search terms are analyzed to derive general statistics about the site’s reach and the audience’s usage patterns.
Personally identifiable information is used only for the express purpose for which it was submitted. For example, if a user enters their contact information in a registration form for a training course, the information will be used only to correspond with them regarding that course.
With whom does the LBAC share the information that is collected?
The LBAC does not share personally identifiable information about its Web site visitors with anyone.
Reports, statistics, and other analyses of aggregate anonymous information may be shared within the organization or provided to third parties at the sole discretion of the Boy Scouts of America. This information does not include any personally identifiable information.
Exception: the Boy Scouts of America reserves the right to use all information at its disposal and to share this information with ISPs and other third parties as necessary to investigate any incident of misuse or abuse of its site, server, or information systems.
Policy Modifications and Deviations
We may modify this privacy policy and will post those changes here. If the privacy policy changes in the future, we will not share any personal information you have submitted to us under the current Privacy Policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, without your prior consent.
It may be necessary to deviate from this general policy in unique instances and for specific purposes. In such instances, a link will be provided to a description of the deviation. This link will be placed where it can be reasonably expected to be noticed prior to submitting any information for which this privacy policy is modified or exempted in any way.
Upcoming Events
Thu
10
Hanukkah Begins
December 10
Long Beach
CA
United States
Tue
15
NFD – Shooting Sports Committee
December 15 @ 7:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Long Beach
CA
United States
Wed
16
LBAC Executive Committee Meeting
December 16 @ 7:30 am - 8:30 am
Long Beach
CA
United States
Wed
16
Training Committee Meeting
December 16 @ 7:00 pm - 8:30 pm
Long Beach
CA
United States
Mon
21
Order of the Arrow Puvunga Lodge Executive Committee Meeting
December 21 @ 7:00 pm - 9:00 pm
Long Beach
CA
United States
View More…