http://www.wagnervineyards.com/policies
866.924.6378
Customer ServiceShipping & ReturnsPrivacy PolicySecurity PolicyTerms Of UseAccessibility
Wagner Vineyards strives to provide high quality products and customer service along with reliable shipping. If you are not satisfied with your order for any reason, please contact us or phone toll free at 866-924-6378 and we will do everything we can to make things right.
Shipping States
Due to varying state laws and permit requirements, we are currently only able to ship to the following states: AZ, CA, CO, DC, FL, GA, IL, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, NC, NH, NY, OH, PA, TX, VA, WA, WI
Shipping
All packages containing alcohol are shipped via FedEx Ground with Adult Signature Required. An adult over 21 years of age must be present to sign for the package – they CANNOT be left in a specified location without signature. Please keep this in mind when entering delivery address information.  FedEx will attempt delivery 3 times, after which the package will be returned to us at Wagner Vineyards. We will reship the package only after obtaining customer approval and payment of any return and reshipping fees by said customer.
Orders are generally processed & shipped within 1-2 business days after being received. We may occasionally hold orders due to extreme weather conditions (hot or cold) in order to ensure quality of the delivered product.
If you wish to cancel an order after placement, please contact us or phone toll free at 866-924-6378 as soon as possible.
Delivery times vary based on location; please allow for 5-10 business days. See zone map below for approximate delivery time to your area once your order has been processed & shipped.
Shipping Rates
See the table below for new shipping rates on quantities of 6 or 12 bottles!
(Flat rates apply to orders of 750 & 375 ml bottles. 1.5L mags are excluded.)
Ship-to State
6 Btl Qty
12 Btl Qty
NY
$10
$6
DC, IL, MA, MD, ME, MI, NC, NH, OH, PA, VA
$12
$9
CO, FL, GA, MN, TX, WI
$20
$20
AZ, CA, WA
$25
$25
Returns
Under New York state law, alcoholic beverages may not be returned once sold except in the case of defective bottles. Shipments where the provided address information is incorrect or incomplete and are returned to us as undeliverable will either be reshipped at the expense of the customer or refunded, minus applicable shipping & return fees.
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us on our site.
I. What kind of information do we collect from you when you visit our site?
When you visit wagnervineyards.com, our stats package from Google collects some basic information about your browser. Examples are things like what type of browser and operating system are you using; how long did you stay on our site; what pages did you look at. This helps us understand how visitors browse our site, so that we can make their shopping experience better.
We also collect personal information about you when you check out of our store such as your name, address, postal code, phone number, etc. We need this information to process payment and ship merchandise to you.
II. Sharing of personal information – we don’t do it.
Under no circumstances will we share any personal information that we collect with any third parties or web sites. All the information you give us is completely private and used solely for order processing and shipping. If you give us permission to send you marketing emails then we use your email for that purpose, but never does that email get sold or distributed to any other web site or list.
III. Newsletter Opt-Out.
If you have chosen to opt into our newsletter or marketing emails and decide to opt out, simply click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any of our emails.
IV. Consumer inquiries and privacy.
If you have any questions about your privacy, or want to make changes to your profile, or get off our marketing list, simply contact us.
V. Protecting your information.
All the payment information we collect is done so under SSL – a standard internet security measure. Any data that we store about you is kept behind a secure firewall in our database and is not accessible to the public in any way.
We understand your concerns about online security. Because we share your concerns, we work diligently to keep our site a highly secure ordering environment so you can shop with confidence. The result is a Web site that offers you the high level of service, convenience and trustworthiness.
The Secure Order Process
Using our e-business software, in conjunction with features built into the current versions of popular browser software, our site provides advanced security for your online purchases. The following section describes how the secure order process works, from start to finish.
NOTE: Your order will be processed by Wagner Vineyards. We handle all order processing and order fulfillment. Your credit card statement will list Wagner Vineyards as the merchant for your order.
Entering Your Order – Every purchase is secure and clicking a Checkout button on the Shopping Cart page is all it takes to get started. The security features are automatic; you don’t need to do anything special to invoke them.
Making a Positive ID – Once you’ve clicked the Checkout button your browser looks for a digital certificate to confirm that it is communicating with us. Once a positive ID is made, your order continues.
Entering Secure Mode – Next, your computer and our server begin communicating in secure mode sending data back and forth in an encrypted format. After your browser has entered secure mode, we’ll ask you for your credit card information. The encryption features of the current versions of browser software are exceptionally powerful and ensure the security of data as it is transmitted to our server. Our site makes use of the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol and 128-bit strong encryption to provide the highest level of security available.
My Order Is Complete. What Happens Next? – Security measures continue even after you’ve placed your order as we process your order in a highly secure computing environment.
You will receive an email confirmation of your purchase, and you will be directed from Secure Mode back to the basic information area of the website.
Can a Purchase be made with a Browser That Doesn’t Support Security? No – the e-commerce system has been designed to process orders only with browsers that support secure mode. Please note that the latest versions of Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer and Safari have security features. All of those browsers are free to download and use.
We’ve worked hard to bring you a secure online ordering environment. We hope you’ll contact us with your questions, comments or concerns.
Forget Your Password? In the event you forget your account password, click the forgot password link on the account login page. We will email you your Password (your username is your email address on file with your account).
Wagner Vineyards’ relationship with you in the context of this website.
The term “Wagner Vineyards” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense. From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States.
Wine-Specific Conditions
Legal Requirements
You must be 21 years of age or older, to order or receive alcoholic beverages from Wagner Vineyards. Receipt of shipments containing alcoholic beverages requires the signature of a sober adult (a person 21 years of age or older who is not intoxicated). Wines purchased from Wagner Vineyards are not for resale, and are for personal consumption only.
Credit Card Charges
Orders are by credit card only. We accept all major credit cards.
Minimum Purchase
No minimum purchase is required.
States Authorized for Direct Shipment
Due to the ever-changing nature of wine shipping laws, we may be able to ship wines, directly or indirectly, to all states except AK, AL, AR, CT, HI, KY, LA, MI, MS, ND, NJ, NM, NV, OK, TN, UT, WV. If Wagner Vineyards is unable to ship directly to your state, we can arrange for the sale and shipment of our products through a third party. Please note, when dealing through a third party, wine prices, discounts, and shipping costs may differ from those quoted by Wagner Vineyards.
Shipping Costs
Federal Express Ground is Wagner Vineyards carrier of choice. Ground shipping is provided by Federal Express Ground at current market rates.
Wine is a Delicate Commodity
Wine is a perishable commodity. Wine does not like extremes of temperature: hot humid summer and cold winter weather may adversely affect the condition of your wine during shipment.  Wagner Vineyards is not responsible for, and will not replace wine that is damaged by extreme weather conditions during shipment. When your wine order is picked up by the common carrier for delivery, responsibility for the wine becomes the responsibility of the purchaser.
How does Wagner Vineyards provide accessible services on the web to individuals with special access needs?
Wagner Vineyards works hard to make sure that everyone who wants to use Wagner Vineyards’ online website can do so, and have a positive experience. We do this in various ways, including:
Making links on our website descriptive and providing alternative text to help people using assistive technology such as screen reader software.
We consider accessibility when we design features or pages on our website.
We increase the contrast between fonts and backgrounds to make pages on our website easier to read.
We make our website easier to navigate without using a mouse.
Wagner Vineyards welcomes feedback from users regarding the way our company provides services to persons with disabilities. Customer service representatives stand ready to assist persons with disabilities in relation to any feedback or complaints they may have.  If necessary, the feedback or complaint may be escalated to designated individuals within the Customer Service department or other employees of Wagner Vineyards who will work with the user to address his or her concerns. Wagner Vineyards will promptly respond to and address all complaints that it receives.
On April 22nd, 2019 all Web pages at https://wagnervineyards.com conform to Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 at https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/. Level AA conformance.
The technologies that this content “relies upon” is: XHTML 1.0 Transitional and JavaScript 1.2.
The technologies that this content “uses but does not rely upon” is: CSS 2.0, JPG, PNG, and  SVG.
The user agents, including assistive technologies, that this content has been tested with can be found at http://volum8.com/ada/
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter