http://www.streetrodding.com/termsofuse
Become a Member!
Don't miss out on this opportunity to join one of the best rodding communities in America!
Featuring: classics for sale, free-topic forums,
experts' advice,
builders corner, carshows,
blogs, videos, complete service directory, auto parts swap-and-sell, and much more!
Whether you are a dealer looking to sell your rides, or just someone looking to share your hobby, this is the place for you!
Join Free!
No thanks
Statement of Rights and Responsibilities StreetRodding.com
This Statement of Rights and Responsibilities ("Statement," "Terms," or "SRR") derives from the StreetRodding.com Principles and is our terms of service that governs our relationship with users and others who interact with StreetRodding.com, as well as StreetRodding.com
brands, products and services, which we call StreetRodding.com Services. By using or accessing the StreetRodding.com Services, you agree to this Statement, as updated from time to time. Additionally, you will find resources at the end of this document that help you understand how StreetRodding.com works.
Because StreetRodding.com provides a wide range of services to individuals and vendors we may ask you to review and accept supplemental terms that apply to your interaction with a specific Application, Product, or Service. To the extent those supplemental terms conflict with this Terms of Use Policy, the supplemental terms associated with the Application, Product, or Service govern with respect to your use of such Application, Product or Service to the extent of the conflict.
1.	Privacy
Privacy is very important to us. We designed our Policy to make important disclosures about how you can use StreetRodding.com to share with others and how we collect and can use your content and information.
2.	Sharing Your Content and Information
StreetRodding.com owns all of the content and information you post on StreetRodding.com's web site. In addition:
For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos and videos (IP content), you specifically give us the following permission, you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with StreetRodding.com.
When you delete content, it is deleted in a manner similar to emptying the recycle bin on a computer. However, you understand that removed content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
When you use an application, the application may ask for your permission to access your content and information as well as content and information that others have shared with you.
When you publish content or information it means that you are allowing everyone, including people who are not members of StreetRodding.com to access and use that information, and to associate it with you (i.e., your name and profile picture).
We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about StreetRodding.com
3.	Safety
We will do our best to keep StreetRodding.com a safe and friendly environment, but we cannot guarantee it. We need your help to keep StreetRodding.com safe, which includes the following commitments by you:
You will not post unauthorized commercial communications (such as spam) on StreetRodding.com.
You will not collect users' content or information, or otherwise access StreetRodding.com, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our prior permission.
You will not engage in unlawful multi-level marketing, such as a pyramid scheme, on StreetRodding.com.
You will not upload viruses or other malicious code.
You will not solicit login information or access an account belonging to someone else.
You will not bully, intimidate, or harass any user.
You will not post content that: is hateful speech, threatening, or pornographic; incites violence; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence.
You will not develop or operate a third-party application containing alcohol-related, dating or other mature content (including advertisements).
You will not use StreetRodding.com to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious, or discriminatory.
You will not do anything that could disable, overburden, or impair the proper working or appearance of StreetRodding.com, such as a denial of service attack or interference with page rendering or other functionality.
You will not facilitate or encourage any violations of this Statement or our policies.
4.	Registration and Account Security
StreetRodding.com users provide their real names and information, and we need your help to keep it that way. Here are some commitments you make to us relating to registering and maintaining the security of your account:
You will not provide any false personal information on StreetRodding.com, or create an account for anyone other than yourself without permission.
You will not create more than one personal account.
If we disable your account, you will not create another one without our permission.
You will keep your contact information accurate and up-to-date.
You will not share your password (or in the case of developers, your secret key), let anyone else access your account, or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your account.
5.	Protecting Other People's Rights
We respect other people's rights, and expect you to do the same.
You will not post content or take any action on StreetRodding.com that infringes or violates someone else's rights or otherwise violates the law.
We can remove any content or information you post on StreetRodding.com if we believe that it violates this Statement or our policies.
We provide you with tools to help you protect your intellectual property rights.
If we remove your content for infringing someone else's copyright, and you believe we removed it by mistake, we will provide you with an opportunity to appeal.
If you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, we will disable your account when appropriate.
You will not use our copyrights or Trademarks or any confusingly similar marks, except as expressly permitted by our Brand Usage Guidelines or with our prior written permission.
If you collect information from users, you will: obtain their consent, make it clear you are not representing StreetRodding.com and you are the one collecting their information, and post a privacy policy explaining what information you collect and how you will use it.
You will not post anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial information on StreetRodding.com
You will not send email invitations to non-users without their consent.
6.	Mobile and Other Devices
We currently provide our mobile services for free, but please be aware that your carrier's normal rates and fees, such as text messaging and data charges, will still apply.
In the event you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number, you will update your account information on StreetRodding.com within 48 hours to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person who acquires your old number.
You provide consent and all rights necessary to enable users to sync (including through an application) their devices with any information that is visible to them on StreetRodding.com.
7.	Payments
If you make a payment on StreetRodding.com, you agree to our payments and terms unless it is stated that other terms apply.
8.	Special Provisions Applicable to Developers/Operators of Applications and Websites
If you are a developer or operator of a Platform application or website or if you use Social Plug-in, you must obtain permission from StreetRodding.com.
9.	About Advertisements and Other Commercial Content Served or Enhanced by StreetRodding.com
Our goal is to deliver advertising and other commercial or sponsored content that is valuable to our users and advertisers. In order to help us do that, you agree to the following:
You give us permission to use your name, profile picture, content, and information in connection with commercial, sponsored, or related content (such as a brand you like) served or enhanced by us. This means, for example, that you permit a business or other entity to pay us to display your name and/or profile picture with your content or information, without any compensation to you. If you have selected a specific audience for your content or information, we will respect your choice when we use it.
We do not give your content or information to advertisers without your consent.
You understand that we may not always identify paid services and communications as such.
10.	Special Provisions Applicable to Advertisers
If you use our self-service advertising creation interfaces for creation, submission and/or delivery of any advertising or other commercial or sponsored activity or content (collectively, the "Self-Serve Ad Interfaces"), you agree to obtain approval from StreetRodding.com.
11.	Special Provisions Applicable to Software
If you download or use our software, such as a stand-alone software product, an app, or a browser plug-in, you agree that from time to time, the software may download and install upgrades, updates and additional features from us in order to improve, enhance, and further develop the software.
You will not modify, create derivative works of, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract source code from us, unless you are expressly permitted to do so under an open source license, or we give you express written permission.
12.	Amendments
We'll notify you before we make changes to these terms and give you the opportunity to review and comment on the revised terms before continuing to use our Services.
If we make changes to policies, guidelines or other terms referenced in or incorporated by this Statement, we may provide notice on the Site Governance Page.
Your continued use of the StreetRodding.com's Services, following notice of the changes to our terms, policies or guidelines, constitutes your acceptance of our amended terms, policies or guidelines.
13.	Termination
If you violate the letter or spirit of this Statement, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us, we can stop providing all or part of StreetRodding.com's services to you. We will notify you by email or at the next time you attempt to access your account. You may also delete your account or disable your application at any time. In all such cases, this Statement shall terminate, but the following provisions will still apply: 2.2, 2.4, 3-5, 9.3, and 14-18.
14.	Disputes
You will resolve any claim, cause of action or dispute (claim) you have with us arising out of or relating to this Statement or StreetRodding.com exclusively in the U.S. District Court for the State Of Texas or a state court located in Harris County, and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such claims. The laws of the State of Texas will govern this Statement, as well as any claim that might arise between you and us, without regard to conflict of law provisions.
If anyone brings a claim against us related to your actions, content or information on StreetRodding.com, you will indemnify and hold us harmless from and against all damages, losses, and expenses of any kind (including reasonable legal fees and costs) related to such claim. Although we provide rules for user conduct, we do not control or direct users' actions on StreetRodding.com and are not responsible for the content or information users transmit or share on StreetRodding.com. We are not responsible for any offensive, inappropriate, obscene, unlawful or otherwise objectionable content or information you may encounter on StreetRodding.com. We are not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of StreetRodding.com.
WE TRY TO KEEP STREETRODDING.COM UP, BUG-FREE, AND SAFE, BUT YOU USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE ARE PROVIDING STREETRODDING.COM AS IS WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT STREETRODDING.COM WILL ALWAYS BE SAFE, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT STREETRODDING.COM WILL ALWAYS FUNCTION WITHOUT DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS OR IMPERFECTIONS. STREETRODDING.COM IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS, CONTENT, INFORMATION, OR DATA OF THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU RELEASE US, OUR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS FROM ANY CLAIMS AND DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES. IF YOU ARE A TEXAS RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE TEXAS CIVIL CODE, WHICH SAYS: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS STATEMENT OR STREETRODDING.COM, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS STATEMENT OR STREETRODDING.COM WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH CASES, STREETRODDING.COM LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
15.	Special Provisions Applicable to Users outside the United States
We strive to create a global Hot Rod community with consistent standards for everyone, but we also strive to respect local laws. The following provisions apply to users and non-users who interact with StreetRodding.com outside the United States:
You consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.
If you are located in a country embargoed by the United States, or are on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals you will not engage in commercial activities on StreetRodding.com (such as advertising or payments) or operate a Platform application or website. You will not use StreetRodding.com if you are prohibited from receiving products, services, or software originating from the United States.
Certain specific terms that apply only for German users are available.
16.	Definitions
By StreetRodding.com Services we mean the features and services we make available, including through (a) our website at StreetRodding.com and any other StreetRodding.com branded or co-branded websites (including sub-domains, international versions, widgets, and mobile versions); (b) our Platform; (c) social plug-in such as and other similar offerings; and (d) other media, brands, products, services, software (such as a toolbar), devices, or networks now existing or later developed. StreetRodding.com reserves the right to designate, in its sole discretion, that certain of our brands, products, or services are governed by separate terms and not this SRR.
By "Platform" we mean a set of APIs and services (such as content) that enable others, including application developers and website operators, to retrieve data from StreetRodding.com or provide data to us.
By "information" we mean facts and other information about you, including actions taken by users and non-users who interact with StreetRodding.com.
By "content" we mean anything you or other users post, provide or share using StreetRodding.com Services.
By "data" or "user data" or "user's data" we mean any data, including a user's content or information that you or third parties can retrieve from StreetRodding.com or provide to StreetRodding.com through Platform.
By "post" we mean post on StreetRodding.com or otherwise make available by using StreetRodding.com.
By "use" we mean use, run, and copy, publicly perform or display, distribute, modify, translate, and create derivative works of.
By "application" we mean any application or website that uses or accesses Platform, as well as anything else that receives or has received data from us.
If you no longer access Platform but have not deleted all data from us, the term application will apply until you delete the data.
By "Trademarks" we mean the list of trademarks provided.
17.	Other
If you are a resident of or have your principal place of business in the US or Canada, this Statement is an agreement between you and StreetRodding.com, Inc.
Otherwise, this Statement is an agreement between you and StreetRodding.com Ireland Limited.
References to "us," "we," and "our" mean either StreetRodding.com, Inc. or StreetRodding.com Ireland Limited, as appropriate.
This Statement makes up the entire agreement between the parties regarding StreetRodding.com, and supersedes any prior agreements.
If any portion of this Statement is found to be unenforceable, the remaining portion will remain in full force and effect.
If we fail to enforce any of this Statement, it will not be considered a waiver.
Any amendment to or waiver of this Statement must be made in writing and signed by us.
You will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under this Statement to anyone else without our consent.
All of our rights and obligations under this Statement are freely assignable by us in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise.
Nothing in this Statement shall prevent us from complying with the law.
This Statement does not confer any third party beneficiary rights.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.
You will comply with all applicable laws when using or accessing StreetRodding.com.
By using or accessing StreetRodding.com Services, you agree that we can collect and use such content and information in accordance with the policy as amended from time to time.
Find Your Street Rod
This field is required.
Search In
Street Rods
Rider's Forums
Rod Blog
Vendors
Carshows
Vehicle Type
Classic Car
Custom
Motorcycle
Muscle Car
Pro Street
Project Car, Unfinished
Rat Rod
RV
Street Rod
Trailer
Truck
Make
Alvis
AMC
AMX
Anglia
Aston Martin
Auburn
Austin
Bentley
Buick
Cadillac
Chevy
Chrysler
Citroen
Corvair
Crosley
Datsun
Default
Desoto
Diamond T
Divco
Dodge
Essex
Fiat
Ford
GMC
Graham
Harley
Henry J
Hillman
Hudson
International
Jaguar
Kaiser
LaSalle
Lincoln
Mercedes
Mercury
MG
Nash
Oldsmobile
Other
Packard
Panoz
Plymouth
Pontiac
Porsche
R.R.
Shelby
Simca
Studebaker
Teardrop
Toyota
Triumph
Volvo
VW
Willys
Model
1 ton p/u
1/2 ton p/u
110 Sedan
115C
120 4-door
1500
2-dr
2-dr Coupe
2-dr Flatback
2-dr Hardtop
2-dr Sedan
2-dr Sedan Delu
2-dr Sedan Deluxe
2-dr Slantback
210
224 Touring
3 Window Coupe
3-window
3-window coupe
3-window Roadster
3-window Truck
300 series
3500
4-door Deluxe
4-dr
4-dr Sedan
442
5-window
5-window Coupe
500K
60 Series
69 SS
77 panel
9 Passenger Beauville
A 2-door
A 2-dr Sedan
A Coupe
A Pickup
A Roadster
A Sedan
A Special Coupe
Aerosedan
AIV Roadster
Ambassador
Anglia
Apache 10
Astro
B pickup
Bantam Roadster
Bel Air
Bel Air Sedan
Bel Air Sport Coupe
Belair
Biscayne
Blazer
Brougham
Business Coupe
C-10
C-cab
C-cab p/u
C10
Cabriolet
Camaro
Capri
Catalina
Century
Challenger
Champion
Charger
Cheiftain
Chevelle
Chevy I I
Club Cabriolet
Club Coupe
Cobra
Comet
Commander
Continental
Convertible
Convertible sedan
Coronet
Corvette
Cougar
Country Club
Coupe
Coupe deLuxe
Coupe Deville
Cranbrook
Crew Cab
Crown Victoria
Custom
Dairy Delivery
Dart
Default
Delivery
Deluxe
Deluxe 2-dr Sed
Deluxe 2-dr Sedan
Deluxe Coupe
Deluxe Sedan
Deuce
DeVille
Duster
El Camino
ESTATE S/W
Extended p/u
F-1
F1
F100
F150
Fairlane
Falcon
Fastback
Firebird
FlatBack/SlantBack
Fleetline
Fleetline Aero
Fleetmaster
Galaxie
Galaxy
Grand Prix
GTO
GTX
Healey
Hearse
Henry J
hiboy
HT
Humpback
Impala
Jeepster
K-1
La Salle
Landcruiser
Lemans
Limousine
M5 pick-up
Magnum R/T
Malibu
Marauder
Marquis
Master 5-window
Master deluxe
Master Deluxe Sedan
Master Sedan
Maverick
Minotti Coupe
MK7
Model A
Model T
Monclair Marauder
Monte Carlo
Monterrey
Mullins
Muscle Car
Mustang
Mustang Convertible
Mustang Fastback
Mustang SCJ Fastback
NewYorker
Nomad
Nova
Nova Pro Street
Opera Sedan
Other
Panel
Panel Delivery
Panel Truck
PB Coupe
Phaeton
Phaeton Delivery
Pickup
President
Rambler
Ranch Wagon
Ranchero
Riviera
Roadmaster
RoadRunner
Roadster
SB
Sedan
Sedan 2-door
Sedan Delivery
Sedan Deluxe
Sedan Deville
Shelby Cobra
Silverstreak
Special
Special Deluxe
Sport Coupe
SportCoupe
Sports Sedan
SSR
Standard Sedan
Starfire
Starliner
Streamliner
Stylemaster
Stylemaster 2dr. sed
Suburban
Super Deluxe
SuperCoupe
T-Bucket
T-Roadster
T-Sedan
Tempest
Terraplane
Thunderbird
Torino
Toronado
Torpedo
TR-7
Trailer
TransAm WS6
Truck
Tub
Tudor
Tudor Sedan
Unknown
Vicky
Vicky sedan
Victoria
Wagon
Wasp
Wood Wagon
Woody
Zephyr
Year
1909
1910
1911
1912
1913
1914
1915
1916
1917
1918
1919
1920
1921
1922
1923
1924
1925
1926
1927
1928
1929
1930
1931
1932
1933
1934
1935
1936
1937
1938
1939
1940
1941
1942
1943
1944
1945
1946
1947
1948
1949
1950
1951
1952
1953
1954
1955
1956
1957
1958
1959
1960
1961
1962
1963
1964
1965
1966
1967
1968
1969
1970
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
For Sale
View All Items For Sale
Connect With Us
Advertisers
Quick Links
Become a Member
Place an Ad
Browse Newest Classified Ads
Upcoming Carshows
Help Center
Contact our Staff
Retrieve Your Login Information
Auto Transport Quote
Insure this Car
Finance this Car