https://www.circlerv.com/terms-conditions-privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy was last updated on December 31, 2019.THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY (“PRIVACY POLICY”) ARE LEGALLY BINDING. BY USING THE SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW) YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US.Sunland RV Resorts and/or its affiliates (hereinafter “we”, “us” or “our”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the personal information we hold about you. This Privacy Policy is intended to provide transparency into the information we collect about you, how we use and share your information and the options you have in relation to your personal information.1. SCOPEThis Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you as set forth in the Information We Collect section, including information that we collect:As you access our various websites, e-mails, social media pages or mobile applications that we own or control (hereinafter “our sites”)Through your communications and other interactions with us both online and offline (hereinafter “other interactions”)When you visit or stay at one of our Sunland RV Resort properties (hereinafter “property visits”)(The foregoing categories hereinafter collectively referred to as the “services”)Our sites may contain links to the websites of third parties, as well as to social media platforms such as Facebook (hereinafter “third-party sites”) that we do not control. These third-party sites may independently collect information, including personal information, from you and, in some instances, provide us with information about your activities on those sites. We are not responsible and have no liability for the privacy policies or practices of third-party sites. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of each third-party site you visit.As used in this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means information that identifies or can reasonably be linked to a specific individual, as described below. “Information” is collectively used herein to refer to both personal information and non-personal information that does not identify and cannot reasonably be linked to a specific individual.2. INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe may collect a variety of information about you and the examples we provide here are illustrative rather than a complete list of our practices. We may collect the personal information and non-personal information we need to process your reservation requests and to provide the services you request from us as well as for our operational and marketing uses in connection with such services as more specifically described in the How We Use Your Information section.We collect Personal Information such as:NameDate of BirthContact information, such as postal address, email address and telephone numberCredit and debit card number or other payment dataDriver’s license or other government-issued identification dataData about family members and companions, such as names and ages of childrenData about prior property visits and other interactions, such as special service requests and your comments and feedbackData about your personal preferences, such as your interests, activities and languageData about your marketing preferences such as the type of marketing materials you wish to receive and the method of their deliveryImages and video from security cameras located in common areas at our Sunland RV Resort properties and audio information from your telephone communications with us which may be recordedWe collect Non-Personal Information such as:Data about your recreational vehicle, including the model, length, brand and yearBrowser and device dataData collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologiesDemographic data3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATIONWe collect personal information in a variety of ways, including:Information You Provide. We may collect personal information that you provide to us while using our sites or services including:in connection with making a reservation (on our sites, by telephone or in-person)your completion of registrations, requests, or applications for our servicesyour communication with us directly (by email, telephone, direct mail, or any other means)your interaction with us during trade shows and special eventsyour subscription to our newsletter, emails, or other communications from usyour providing or submitting comments, suggestions, experiences, or other content to us, including your participation in surveysyour posting on our sites and our pages or accounts on any third-party sites, including social media platforms such as FacebookInformation Collected Automatically. When you access or use our sites, we may automatically receive information about your visit including:Browsing Information: such as your web browser type, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our sites.Device Information: including the computer or mobile device you use to access our sites, including your IP address, the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.Location Information: if you enable location services on your device, we may collect information about the location of your device when you access or use our sites. You may opt-out from allowing us to have access to your location data by adjusting the permissions in your devices, though some features of our sites may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled.Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. We use various technologies to collect information, including:Cookies: a “cookie” is a set of data sent to your computer or mobile device by a web server that enables the server to recognize your computer or mobile device. As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, our sites may use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you.By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. You can opt out of our advertising service provider(s) and other companies tracking cookies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance currently located at: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the NAI currently located at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.Clear Gifs/Web Beacons: when you use our sites, we may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to track your online usage patterns. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.Analytics Information: we may use third-party analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for our sites. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other information that assists us in improving our sites.To learn more about how to opt out of Google’s use of the Google Analytics cookie, visit the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Information We Collect from Third Parties. We may receive information about you from third parties, including without limitation to identity verification services, fraud detection service providers, credit bureaus, mailing list providers and publicly available sources. If you access our pages on third-party social media sites, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information and friends’ lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site. We may also engage independent third parties such as marketing, surveys, or software suppliers to collect information to assist us.4. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONWe collect your information, including personal information, for the following purposes:To provide you with the services you request or purchase, including facilitating reservations and other real estate transactions, such as buying or selling your property, applying to rental housing, or signing a leaseTo provide you with a customized and optimized experienceFor security and verification purposes, including to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of our business, our sites, you or othersTo process payments and complete your transactionTo communicate with you regarding our products, services, promotions, news, events, and other updates we think may be of interest to youTo respond to your inquiries, comments, or postingsTo administer our eventsTo comply with a legal, tax, accounting, anti-money laundering, legal order, or other obligations which we are subjectTo establish, exercise or defend our legal rightsFor internal operations such as conduct research and analysis in order to enhance our services, improve and customize our sites, optimize our marketing efforts and measure the overall effectiveness of our advertising, content, programming and other activities.To investigate or settle inquiries or disputesTo address and remediate technical issues and bugsFor direct marketing purposesTo manage our businessTo enforce our terms and conditions5. DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONYour personal information will not be used in a way that is incompatible with the purpose for which it was collected or as authorized by you. We are committed to sharing personal information only when needed for a legitimate business or legal purpose. We may share information about you with our affiliates in order to better serve you and to offer you worthwhile products and services.By providing your personal information to us you consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information for the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy, which may include disclosure of your information outside your country of residence.Your personal information may be used and/or disclosed in connection with any purpose related to any of the following:Payment Processors: if you pay for use of our services, we will use your personal information to process payments and confirm your transactions. If you make a reservation via our sites, you purchase our services through and by a third-party payment processor and we only receive a subset of this information to keep proper business records. These third parties are independent controllers of your information and your information is processed according to the relevant processor’s privacy policy.Our current payment processor: https://www.openedgepayment.com/en-usService Providers: we may use third party contractors and service providers to process your information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. These service providers may include third party marketing, survey, analytics, reservation systems and software suppliers.Public Authorities: in certain instances, it may be necessary for us to disclose your personal information to public authorities or as otherwise required by applicable law. No personal information will be disclosed to any public authority except in response to:A subpoena, warrant or other process issued by a court or other public authority of competent jurisdictionA legal process having the same consequence as a court-issued request for dataWhere such disclosure is necessary for us to enforce our legal rights, detect or prevent fraud or security concerns, and protect public safetyOur Employees and Agents: to the extent necessary to fulfill our obligations to you we will share your information, including certain personal information, among our employees, to provide you with the services you have requested, for customer satisfaction, market research purposes and to otherwise help us improve our services. Direct Marketing Uses and Disclosures: we may send you direct marketing communications and information about products and services offered. We may aggregate your personal data and use it to develop marketing programs and service offerings that we believe may be of interest to you. We may send these to you by email, by text message or by mail. We may also share your personal data with our licensees, affiliates and business partners for their direct marketing communications. We will not charge you for such calls or texts. Your mobile service provider will charge you according to the applicable plan to which you subscribe.Your personal data may be used for the above marketing purposes, although you can choose to limit or restrict our mailings and our share of your data for these uses by following the instructions below:You may opt out of receiving marketing communications from us and our business partners at any time by responding via the channel in which you received the marketing communication, or by contacting us.We will not share your personal information with other companies for their marketing use unless you actively consent to such sharing. However, denying consent to information sharing may not prohibit sharing for non-marketing and operational purposes such as customer service or assisting with your requested services.You can unsubscribe from emails from us by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link on the footer of the email communication you have received. Although we aim to process your choices promptly, you may still receive marketing communications prepared before we received your request to unsubscribe. If you choose not to receive marketing messages from us, you may not be able to receive certain benefits, such as promotions.We may also work with third-party companies that use their tracking technologies (including cookies and pixel tags) on our websites in order to provide tailored advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the Internet. These companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and your interaction with our advertising and other communications and use this information to determine which ads you see on third-party websites and applications.We are permitted by law to share all the information we collect, as described above: (1) with companies that perform marketing services on our behalf, and (2) with other nonaffiliated third parties such as third parties that assist us with processing or collecting payments on your account. Please be advised that the preferences you express as described below will not apply to the sharing of information with these third parties.Unless you request otherwise, we may share all the information we collect, as described above, with other third parties, such as firms that offer products and services of interest to our customers. If you do not wish to receive such emails, mailings or telephone calls, you may request that we not share personal information about you with such third parties by email to webmaster@sunlandrvresorts.com. We will implement your request within a reasonable time after we receive it.6. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSThis section of this Privacy Policy applies to California residents.Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, California residents have certain privacy rights regarding their personal information.Personal Information We Collect. We describe the personal information we collect from consumers in the Information We Collect section. Within the 12 months preceding the date of this Privacy Policy, we have collected and disclosed the following categories of personal information from or about you or your device:Identifiers such as name, alias, date of birth, postal address, email address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license number or other governmental-issued identification data, social security number, internet protocol address, MAC address and names and ages of your family members and companions.The following categories of personal information described in California Civil Code §1798.80(e): (1) the personal information listed in the preceding bullet point as “identifiers,” (2) signatures, (3) demographic data such as gender, language preference, employment and employment history, (4) payment information such as bank account number, credit card number, debit card number or portions thereof, (5) vehicle information such as vehicle identification numbers (VINs), license plate numbers, model, year and registration and insurance information, (6) information you provide or that we record in connection with reservations, customer support calls or complaints, and (7) other information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual that we describe in the Information We Collect section.Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age and marital status.Commercial information such as records of reservations, property visits, purchases, leases, or our property or our services you have expressed interest in, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with our sites or advertisements such as data collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies.Geolocation data such as physical location or movements relating to your computer or device when you interact with our sites.Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information including images and video from security cameras located in common areas at our Sunland RV Resort properties, audio information from your telephone communications with us which may be recorded, and electronic information in the form of internet or other electronic network activity information as described above.Professional or employment-related information such as current or past job history.Inferences drawn from (1) the information we collect when you visit our sites, (2) information we collect, including from third parties, regarding content and other data posted on the internet, and (3) information about consumer preferences and behavior that we collect on our sites from third parties in order to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, or behavior.Sources of Personal Information. We describe the categories of sources from which we collect personal information in the How We Collect Information section.Business Purpose for Collecting Personal Information. We describe the business purposes for which we collect and use your personal information in the How We Use Your Information section.Sale of Personal Information. We do not sell personal information.Third Parties with Whom we Share Personal Information. We describe the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information in the Disclosures of Personal Information section.YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSIf you are a California consumer, you have the following rights. We will honor requests received to the extent required by applicable law and within the time provided by law.Right to Access and Information regarding Personal Information. You have the right to request that we disclose the following to you, in each case in the 12-month period preceding your request:the categories of personal information we have collected about you;the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information;the specific pieces of information we have collected about you;the categories of personal information about you, if any, that we have disclosed for monetary or other valuable consideration and the categories of third parties to which we have disclosed the information, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to which we disclosed the personal information; andthe categories of personal information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose.We will deliver personal information that we are required by law to disclose to you in the manner required by law within 45 days after receipt of a verifiable request, unless we notify you that we require additional time to respond, in which case we will respond within such additional period of time required by law.Right to Deletion of Personal Information. You have the right to request that we delete personal information about you that we have collected. However, there are several exceptions when we shall not be required to delete personal information, including but not limited to, if the personal information is necessary in order for us to:Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected;Provide a good or service requested by the consumer, or reasonably anticipated within the context of a business’ ongoing business relationship with the consumer;Perform a contract between us and the consumer;Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise that consumer’s right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code §1546 et seq.);Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interests that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;Comply with a legal obligation;Make other internal and lawful uses of the personal information that are compatible with the context in which the consumer provided the information.Right to Opt-Out. You have the right to opt out of the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration. To opt-out, please visit: https://www.sunlandrvresorts.com/contact/Right to Non-Discrimination. You have the right to not be discriminated against because of your exercise of any of the foregoing rights or any other rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, including by:Denying you goods or services;Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;Providing you a different level or quality of goods or services; orSuggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.We may, however, charge different prices or rates, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to Sunland RV Resorts by your Personal Information.REQUEST TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTSYou may request to exercise the foregoing rights by:Emailing us at webmaster@sunlandrvresorts.com and submitting a request,Submitting a request through https://www.sunlandrvresorts.com/contact/, orCalling us toll-free at 1-866-433-6165Please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights, as required or permitted by law. We may limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted by law. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.7. CHILDREN’S PRIVACYOur sites are not intended for use by children under 13 years of age. Although most portions of our sites are directed to general audiences, it is our policy to not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information about visitors who are under 13 years of age. If we become aware that we have collected such information without parental or guardian consent or other than in a manner authorized by law, we will promptly delete such information from our servers.8. HOW WE MANAGE AND STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe may hold your personal information in either electronic or hard copy form. If you provide information to us electronically we may retain this information in our computer systems and databases. This includes computer software programs, internet servers, and hosted internet solutions provided by third parties. If you provide information to us in hard copy (paper), this information may be retained in our files and a copy may be made to our electronic files.9. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe use industry standard security measures to safeguard and protect your information. This includes taking reasonable safeguards to protect your personal data from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. However, no method of internet transmission or data storage can provide guaranteed protection to your information. We also request that our third-party service providers use appropriate security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or use.We try to strike a balance between the security of your personal data and your convenience. As a result, we may sometimes use a method of communication that is less secure than a less convenient alternative. For example, but not limitation, we may send you an email or text message in an unencrypted form because many of our customers are unable to access encrypted (coded) emails or messages. This means that our message, if misrouted or intercepted, could be read more easily than encrypted messages. For this reason, please do not include confidential information, such as your credit card number or account passwords, in any e-mail or text message you send to us or on any posting you make to a public area of a third party social network page, especially since any such posting immediately becomes public.10. USE OF OUR IMAGESAll images and/or pictures of properties featured on our sites are our property, and any unauthorized reproduction, appropriation, or distribution of the aforementioned images and/or pictures is prohibited.11. SUBMISSIONS AND USER GENERATED CONTENTUnless governed by separate terms identified at the time of submission, all comments, ideas, reviews, photos, or videos you communicate or submit to us (collectively “submissions”) will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. We shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such submissions and shall be free to use and distribute submission for any purposes, without limitation of any kind. If you upload your own content to our sites, please be advised that this content will be accessible by the public at large, and not just by us. Therefore, you should never upload any content or personal information that you do not want others to have access to. You should not upload photos or videos that include people that you do not know and/or have their permission to use.12. YOUR CHOICES IN HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONWhile we may contact you with offers and information concerning our services, you always have the choice not to receive such items. You may contact us as described in the Contact Us section to communicate your marketing preferences and request to be removed from marketing lists.13. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Policy. Whenever we make a change, we will amend the “last updated” date in the first paragraph of this Privacy Policy section. If any changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). Your continued use of our services following these changes means that you accept the revised Policy.14. NOTICE OF INFORMATION-SHARING DISCLOSUREYou have the right to request a disclosure from Sunland RV Resorts regarding how it shares personal information with other businesses for direct marketing purposes. To request an Information-Sharing Disclosure, please email webmaster@sunlandrvresorts.com with the subject line “California Information-Sharing Disclosure.” We will provide, within 30 days of the receipt of the request and at no cost, the Information-Sharing Disclosure to the requesting email address. We will only provide one Information-Sharing Disclosure each calendar year.15. UPDATING YOUR INFORMATIONYou may update your information at any time via the Contact tab on our website. You may update your information at any time by contacting our team at webmaster@sunlandrvresorts.com We will implement your request within a reasonable time after we receive it. To protect your privacy and the security of your personal data, we may ask you to verify your identity before granting you access or making changes to the data we store about you.16. CONTACT USIf you have questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by either:Sending an email to: webmaster@sunlandrvresorts.comWriting us at:Sunland RV Resorts Attention: Legal PO Box 9025 La Jolla, CA 92038We will respond to you by email or telephone.To request a summary of the changes made to the last version of this Privacy Policy dated June 5, 2017, please contact us as described above.LIABILITY DISCLAIMERThe information, software, products, and services published on this website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Sunland RV Resorts and/or its affiliates and suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information, products, software and services contained on this website. Information contained on this website is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. Sunland RV Resorts and/or its affiliates and suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties with regard to this information, software, products, and services, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. In no event shall Sunland RV Resorts and/or its affiliates and suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of this website or with any delay in using or inability to use this website, or for any information, software, products, or services obtained through this website, or otherwise arising out of the use of this website, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if Sunland RV Resorts and/or its affiliates and suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. Reservations based on inaccurate information are subject to cancellation at our discretion.DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT (“DMCA”) NOTICEIf you believe any material available via this website infringes a copyright you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our Designated Agent as set forth below:Sunland RV Resorts PO Box 9025 La Jolla, CA 92038 Attention: Legalwebmaster@sunlandrvresorts.comPlease see 17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper notification. Please note that if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.If a notice of copyright infringement has been filed against material posted by you on the website or social media, you may make a counter-notification with our Designated Agent listed above, provided that such counter-notification complies with the requirements of 17 U.S.C. §512(g)(3). If we receive a valid counter-notification, it may reinstate the removed or disabled material in accordance with the DMCA.
join our newsletter
Subscribe
Copyright Sunland RV Resorts 2020 © - All Rights Reserved
JOIN OUR RESORT NEWSLETTERJoin Our List×Effective January 1, 2020, Sunland RV Resorts is compliant with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). If you would like to learn more, click the button below.CCPA Regulations×Learn MoreI AcceptJOIN OUR RESORT NEWSLETTER×