https://www.theclimbingacademy.com/policies/
Skip to content
BRISTOL CENTRES CLOSING FOR ONE MONTH READ RULES FOR CLIMBING SAFELY AND FAQs + LATEST NEWS IN TCA LIFE HOW FULL IS TCA? CHECK OUR CENTRE CAPACITY TRACKER Policies TCA Customer PoliciesBefore attending one of our climbing walls, it’s important to be aware of some of our centre wide policies. To find out about such policies surrounding music, lockers, phones, smoking, dog admittance and more, please read our TCA Customer Policies document here.Booking cancellation terms and conditionsTCA operates a standard set of booking cancellation terms and conditions that apply to all bookings unless stated otherwise.Privacy PolicyWe are committed to protecting the privacy and security of our valued customers. Our full privacy policy can be read here: Privacy Policy NoticeThe information that is collected when an order is placed is used for the sole purpose of processing your order. We respect your privacy and we do not sell personal customer information to third parties and if you are not a member of TCA you are not registered with us in any way by making such a purchase.Child Safeguarding PolicyThe Climbing Academy openly promotes an environment where all staff members, instructors, coaches, volunteer coaches and parents (supporting activities as helpers) share a common responsibility and duty of care to the children visiting TCA climbing walls and participating on TCA courses.This policy is designed to protect both children and TCA staff. Please read it carefully and if you have any questions about it, discuss them with your Designated Child Safeguarding Officer (CSO).Cookie PolicyWhen you visit our site we may need to use cookies to bring you the best possible experience. A cookie is a small text file that is saved to your computer by your web browser, and in that text file is some simple data, like your current session identifier. We never store information in a cookie which could be used to identify you personally. Our full cookies policy can be found here: Cookies Policy NoticeYou can manage cookies yourself and learn more about them through Internet browser cookies – what they are and how to manage them.If cookies aren’t enabled on your computer, it will mean that your shopping experience on our website will be limited to browsing and researching; you won’t be able to add products to your basket or buy them.
Search
Our website uses cookies. Find out more.Accept and continue