https://www.bluepyrenees.com.au/privacy-policy/
Press enter to begin your search
INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by us through the site and does not apply to information obtained or collected by us in any other manner unless expressly stated in this Privacy Policy. Please take a minute to read this Privacy Policy so that you understand our information collection practices, such as the types of information we collect from visitors to the site and how we may use that information. Please also review our Terms of Use, which governs your use of the site.
ACTIVE COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
To access or take advantage of certain features of the site, we may request that you provide personal information. “Personal Information” is information about you that is associated with your name or identity, such as, name, mailing address, e-mail address, credit or debit card account number, birth date, telephone number, or purchase information. Personal Information may also include “Demographic Information,” such as your gender, marital status, salary, purchasing habits, or similar information. Personal Information may be requested and collected at various locations and on various forms on the site, including but not limited to: registration forms for newsletters and other e-mail communications; registration for membership to the site; registration for participation in contests, sweepstakes, auctions, surveys or other promotions that may be offered on the site; when you submit an inquiry via the site; when you submit an order for wine or other products; or when you communicate or otherwise interact with us via the site. You may always elect not to submit Personal Information, however, as a result, you may not be able to access certain of the site’s features and functionality.
We may also provide you opportunities to submit Personal Information about other individuals. For instance, you may choose to send a notice through the site to a friend regarding content offered by the site. We will not use the Personal Information of these individuals for any other purpose unless we disclose otherwise at the time you provide the information.
If you have registered as a member, you may update or modify some of the information that you actively provided through the site, including your e-mail marketing preferences, by logging into your member account. In addition, you may deactivate your member account.
PASSIVE COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
In addition to the Personal Information that you actively provide to us, we or our third party service providers may use a variety of technologies to automatically collect information about you when you use the site. This information may include Demographic Information, browser type, operating system, clickstream data, IP address, mobile device identifiers and other information.
The methods that we and our service providers may use to automatically collect such information include the following:
Cookies: Cookies are data files that are placed on a computer when it is used to visit a web site. These cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, tracking user preferences and web pages visited while using the site. You may disable cookies using your browser’s preferences. However, some features of the site may not function properly or may operate slowly if you disable the cookies.
Web Beacons: We may include small graphic images called web beacons, also known as “Internet tags” or “clear gifs,” in our web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. We may use web beacons or similar technologies for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count the number of visitors to the site, to monitor how users navigate the site, to count how many e-mails that we sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.
Embedded Scripts: An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the site. It is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our web server or a third party we work with, is active only while you are connected to the site, and is deleted or deactivated thereafter.
Mobile Device Identifiers: Certain mobile service providers uniquely identify mobile devices and we or our third-party service providers may receive such device information if you access the site through mobile devices. Certain features of the site may require collection of mobile phone numbers and we may associate that phone number with the mobile device identifiers. Additionally, some mobile phone service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their service. Depending on the provider, we and our third-party service providers may receive this information.
If we associate any such passively-collected information with Personal Information about you, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may store and use Personal Information for many purposes including to:
Send you e-mail or mobile communications, such as newsletters and promotional offers, on behalf of the Winery or third parties;
Send you information regarding the site, including features, products or services;
Contact you with regard to surveys or Promotions in which you have participated;
Complete a transaction or authorize a purchase that you have requested;
Verify the accuracy of information you submitted to us;
Collect and respond to reports of inappropriate conduct by Visitors;
Conduct aggregate research or analyze the performance of our products or services;
Monitor, administer or improve the site or develop future web site;
Audit the use of the site;
Customize the advertising and other content on the site;
Contact you about the site or inquiries you make through the site;
Monitor compliance with the Terms of Use and other applicable agreements and policies; or for internal business purposes or the purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information.
We will not use the information you provide via a “contact us” or other similar form or address to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your request unless you agree otherwise.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We may, in our sole discretion, share with third parties information that is not associated with your name or identity, such as web site usage information, anonymous Demographic Information, and aggregate user statistics. We may share Personal Information with third parties as described at the time you provide the information and under the following circumstances:
Service Providers: We may share your Personal Information with third party service providers so that they may perform certain services for us, such as web site hosting, order fulfillment, clearing and processing credit and debit card payments, or performing other services on our behalf.
Promotions: If you choose to register for Promotions offered on the site, your Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with such Promotions, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment and as required by law, such as on a winners list. Also, by entering a Promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion.
Co-Sponsors: We may share Personal Information that you provide to us through a Co-Sponsored Site with the Co-Sponsor of that Site. The Personal Information that is shared with a Co-Sponsor will be subject to that Co-Sponsor’s privacy policy. In those cases, a link to the Co-Sponsor’s privacy policy will be provided on the Co-Sponsored Site. You will need to contact that Co-Sponsor directly if you decide that you do not want that Co-Sponsor to use your Personal Information.
Business Transfers: We reserve the right to disclose and transfer Personal Information about you including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of a Site; or (ii) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, sale of substantially all of the Winery stock and/or assets or other corporate change.
Legal and Safety Obligations: We may disclose your Personal Information: (i) if we are required to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process or other valid law enforcement measures; (ii) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; (iii) when we believe in good faith that the law requires disclosure; (iv) to verify or enforce compliance with the Winery Terms of Use or other policies governing the site; (v) whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability or to protect or enforce the rights, interests, or safety of the site, visitors to the site or other third parties; or (vi) to respond to an emergency.
Submissions: Pursuant to our Terms of Use , we may publish your name, voice, likeness and other Personal Information in connection with any submissions you may make to the site.
PARENTAL/AGE ADVISORY
The site is not directed to children or individuals younger than 18. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone younger than 18. In the event that we discover that we collected Personal Information about a child or individual younger than 18, we will delete the Personal Information.
No data transmission over the Internet or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure or hacker proof. While we have implemented security measures, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the site.
ADVERTISEMENTS
Advertisements from third party advertisers (“Advertisers”) may appear on the site. Advertisers may compile information about the advertisements that appear to you while you are using the site and which advertisements you click on. The Advertisers may use cookies, web beacons and other methods of passively collecting such information. The collection of such information through these methods may allow the Advertisers to track each time you are sent an online advertisement from that Advertiser. These Advertisers may use this information to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the methods for collecting information used by these Advertisers or the use of the information that the Advertisers collect.
THIRD PARTY WEB SITE
There may be hyperlinks on the site to other web site or locations that are operated and controlled by third parties (“Third Party Web site”). These Third Party Web site may use their own cookies, web beacons and other technology to independently collect information about you. In addition, these Third Party Web site may solicit Personal Information from you. We make no representations regarding the policies or business practices of such Third Party Web site and have no control over the type or use of the information that is collected by these Third Party Web site.
MODIFICATIONS TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, for any reason in our sole discretion and without prior notice or liability, to change, modify, amend and/or update this Privacy Policy. Therefore, you should review this Privacy Policy before submitting any information to Blue Pyrenees through any of the site. We will collect, store, use and share your Personal Information in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time you submitted the information, unless we receive your consent to the new or revised policy.
QUESTIONS/CONTACT US
If you have questions about the site or this Privacy Policy, including how we may collect, store, use or share information about you, please contact us at reception@bluepyrenees.com.au
Important Information Membership is for Australian residents only who are over 18 years old. Under the Liquor Control Reform Act 1998 it is an offence to supply alcohol to a person under the age of 18 years (Penalty exceeds $7,000) For a person under the age of 18 years to purchase or receive liquor. (Penalty exceeds $500). Licence No. 32606470
Payment Methods
Sign up to our mailing list
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Phone Number
Suburb
State
Trip Advisor
Quick LinksHome
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Distributors
Frequently Asked Questions
© 2020 Blue Pyrenees. Website by Small Dog Design
Home
Wine Club
Visit
Cellar Door & Cafe Blue
Events
Accommodation
Functions, Conferences and Weddings
Tours and Tutored Tasting
Pyrenees Region
Shop
Current Vintage
Museum Wines
Wine
Purchase
News
Archived News
The Range
Wine + Food
The Estate
Winemaking
Meet the Team
Tasting Notes
Wholesale
Distributors
Back Vintage Tasting Notes
Contact
My Account
Login
Sign In