https://www.royalcork.com/environmental-policy/
Top MenuContact
Services
Accommodation
Visitors
Bar and Catering
Crew Point
Weddings
Meetings and Conferences
Club Reciprocity
Marina & Dinghy Park
Membership
About
Executive Committee
Club Staff
360° Tour
Club History
Flag Etiquette
Visitors
Environmental Policy
+353 (0)21 4831023 | office@royalcork.com
Navigation
Home
Main MenuHOME
COVID-19
LEVEL 3 GUIDELINES
HEALTH DECLARATION FORM
CORK300
EVENTS
IRISH SAILING YOUTH NATIONALS 2021
TOPPER WORLDS 2021
CORK WEEK 2022
505 WORLDS 2022
PAST EVENTS
CALENDAR
SAILING
RESULTS
KEELBOAT RESULTS 2020
DINGHY RESULTS 2020
KEELBOATS NOTICE BOARD
JUNIOR SAILING
CRUISING
1720’s
NATIONAL18
OPTIMIST
TOPPER
LASERS
RS FEVA/200/400
29er
GALLERY
CLUB GALLERY
BATEMAN GALLERY
360° TOUR
MERCHANDISE
RCYC MERCHANDISE
CORK300 MERCHANDISE
Return to Content
The Royal Cork Yacht Club is committed to minimising the impact of its activities on the environment. This policies below set out out how we will work towards achieving our environmental objectives.
Port waste Management Plan and Environmental Policy
The Royal Cork Yacht Club will meet the environmental legislation that relates to the operation of the clubhouse and Dinghy Park, and where possible identify opportunities to adopt best practice over and above the minimum legislative requirements.
We will ensure that club safety boats and Ribs are fuelled safely and responsibly to avoid spillages and pollution. All safety boats will carry a spill kit. Safety boat drivers will be trained in refuelling good practice and the use of spill kits.
We will minimise the use of electricity in all of our activities. For example; turning off lights, replacing old light bulbs with energy efficient models.
We will minimise the use of water in all of our activities. For example; fitting hoses with automatic trigger nozzles and turning off taps when not in use.
We will minimise the creation of waste. For example; we will only print and photocopy if absolutely essential and then print double-sided. We also use one main printer this saves on Ink and Electricity.
Where possible, we will use email and text and our web site rather than printed materials to communicate and promote our activities.
We will recycle as much waste as possible by providing adequate clearly labelled bins and increasing our waste and recycling bins and/or collections during busy events. This is constantly monitored
We will provide suitable containers for the disposal of hazardous waste streams.
We will encourage members to scrub down their boats and apply anti-fouling in a designated area, collect scrapings and dispose of as hazardous waste.
We will endeavour to take a sustainable approach to running events.
We will promote relevant local environmental information to our members such as the location of voluntary no anchor zones, sensitive habitats/species. All this information is on our dedicated Safety / Environmental notice board
We will publicise our environmental commitment and promote sustainability amongst our members and visitors on our website and club notice boards.
We will take the environmental credentials of our suppliers into account when procuring new products. By doing so we wish to encourage other organisations to integrate sustainability into their operations.
We will measure our progress and review this policy on an annual basis.
Green Events Policy
The Royal Cork Yacht Club is committed to minimising the impact of its activities on the environment and has created this Green Events Policy which sets out the steps it will take to adopt a sustainable approach whilst delivering the best possible event.
Before the event we will:
Comply with environmental legislation.
Establish a bunded on-shore refueling area for safety boat drivers.
Take water, gas and electricity meter readings before and after each event.
Provide trigger nozzles on hoses for washing down boats to improve water efficiency.
Provide extra bins with clear pictorial signage so that waste is disposed of appropriately and as much as possible is recycled.
Locate recycling and landfill waste bins close together to maximise efficient use of both.
Include details of sensitive habitats/wildlife to be avoided in Sailing Instructions and briefings.
Provide adequate hazardous waste disposal facilities.
Minimise quantity of paper sent to competitors by using email, text and internet communications.
Use only FSC accredited products when we do need to use paper or wood.
Source supplies and produce locally.
Source recyclable or reusable crockery and cutlery and cups.
Provide public transport details on publicity materials and the website.
Source products with less packaging to prevent waste.
During the event we will:
Brief all competitors and officials on our Environmental Policy and our environmental expectations of them.
Provide oil spill kits, fuel collars, no-spill refueling devices and training for support vessels and staff.
Prohibit overboard discharge of any rubbish including bow decals and include this rule in the Sailing Instructions & OR Notice of Race.
Prohibit littering at shore facilities, including cigarette butts and chewing gum.
Affix bow stickers to competitors’ boat to ensure they do not come loose during racing.
Instigate a boat wash down system prior to and after the event to prevent the spread of non-native invasive species.
Provide competitors with refillable water bottles and signpost to drinking water to reduce the number of disposed plastic bottles.
After the event we will:
Record energy and water use and try to reduce these figures for future events.
Organise a litter pick to collect any litter which may not have found its way into the right bins.
Constantly meet & Review the environmental impact of the event and consider improvements for the next one. Note these and Implement for future events.
Oil Spill Procedure
Contact a senior trained staff member immediately.
Spill Managers:
Gavin Deane (General Manager) – 0872899190
Mark Ring (Marina & Racing Manager) – 0872835266
Dave Coveney (Marina & Facilities Supervisor) – 0879850509
The Spill Manager is the official responsible for monitoring or managing responses to oil spills. Once notified of an oil spill, the Spill Manager also will conduct an immediate assessment to evaluate several factors, including the size and nature of the spill, the type of oil spilled, its potential hazards, and the resources needed to contain and clean it up.
The Spill Manager also will monitor any existing response efforts to determine whether additional technical support is necessary. (Coast Guard, Fire Brigade other local authority)
Immediately contain the spill
Identify the source of the spill
If in the water use oil absorbent booms
Treat the oil to make it safe if possible.
Start cleaning up the spill with the oil spill kit
Wash down after cleaning affected areas with large volumes of water.
Assess the reason for the spill (could it have been prevented check CCTV).
Blue Flag For Boat Owners
Individual boat owners and boat users who want to participate in the Blue Flag programme can do so by complying with the Blue Flag for Boat Owner’s Environmental Code of Conduct. By signing the pledge you commit to:
Not throwing litter into the sea or along the coast.
Not releasing toilet water into fresh waters, coastal waters and sensitive areas.
Not releasing poisonous or toxic waste (oil, paint, used batteries, cleaning agents, etc) into fresh waters and the sea. Waste will be disposed of in appropriate recycling facilities.
Promoting the use of recycling facilities (glass, paper, etc).
Using the most environmentally friendly products that are available and work efficiently.
Reporting pollution or other violation of environmental regulations to the authorities.
Not engaging in forbidden fishing practices and I will respect periods when fishing is prohibited.
Protecting animals and plants in the sea, including not disturbing of breeding birds, seals or other marine mammals.
Respecting vulnerable and nature protected areas.
Avoiding damaging the sea floor (in the way that I anchor, etc).
Avoiding disturbing fishery or fishing gear.
Not using objects made from protected species or from archaeological underwater findings.
Encouraging other boaters to take care of the environment.
For more information on the Blue Flag for Boat Owners please get in touch with the Blue Flag Team.
Sustainability links
Sailors for the Sea Click Click here
The Green Blue Click here
One Green Village Facebook page Click here
Download Education Posters
The Green Guide to Coastal Boating with the Awareness Raising Toolkit – Click here for more information
For Awareness Posters – Click here
For Written Green Boat User Guides – Click here
Recycling List Ireland
www.recyclinglistireland.ie
Royal Cork Awarded the Inaugural Sustainability Award at the Volvo Irish Sailing Awards 2019
Click here for article
About Us The Royal Cork Yacht Club is based in Crosshaven, Cork, Ireland and is the world's oldest yacht club founded in 1720.
It is the organiser of the biennial Cork Week, widely regarded as Europe’s premier sailing event.
The club encompasses a wide variety of sailing activities from Optimist dinghies to racing National 18s and 1720s, Toppers, Lasers, RS Fevas and more ...read more
Upcoming Events
Sat
12
Santa Party 14.00hrs-17.00hrs – Cancelled
December 12, 2020
Royal Cork Yacht Club
View More…
ClubMembership
Visitors
Club History
Club History Book
Executive Committee
Club Staff
Virtual Tour
Marina & Dinghy Park
Bar & Catering
Weddings
Meetings and Conferences
Try Sailing
Environmental Policy
SailingCruisers
Junior Sailing
Optimist
Lasers
National18
RS FEVA/200/400
1720s
Topper
29er
Connect Crosshaven, Co. Cork, Ireland.
T: +353 (0)21 4831023
E: office@royalcork.com
Subscribe
Stay connected.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept all Cookies”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPT COOKIESPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Read more...
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.