https://www.fireflyforest.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy for Fireflyforest.com
Privacy of your personal information is important, and here is information on what types of personal information I receive and collect when you use visit Fireflyforest.com, and how I safeguard this information. Please note, I will never sell your information to third parties.
Email
If you contact me by email or leave a comment on this site, your email address will never be sold or published. I respect both your privacy and copyright, so the content of emails sent to me will never be published without your prior express consent.
Log Files
Like most standard websites, Fireflyforest.com collects and uses the data contained in log files. The information in the log files may include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit this site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the date and time you visited this site, referring/exit pages, and which pages you visited throughout the site. This gathered log information is not linked to any personally identifiable information and is not sold to third parties.
Third-party Websites
Fireflyforest.net uses ads and content served from third-party websites and advertisers. Some of these third-party websites and companies may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they display content or advertise on Fireflyforest.net, but I do not have access to this collected information. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Cookie Management
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in internet security programs. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with this site as well as other websites, including the ability to login to web services.