http://www.sailingholidays.com/privacy-policy
Facebook Twitter Instagram PinterestVimeo
Toggle navigation
About UsOur HistoryWhy choose us?Meet the teamSailing Holiday ReviewsJoin the teamShopOur Videos
Toggle navigation
Latest Advice2021 HolidaysBlogPrice ListVideosGet in TouchLogin020 8459 8787Brochure
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What this Privacy Notice covers
The data controller is Sailing Holidays Ltd (referred to in this Notice as “we” or “us”).
We are committed to doing the right thing when it comes to how we collect, use and protect your personal data. Your privacy matters to us, so please do take the time to read through thins notice which will cover:
What types of personal data we collect and why we collect it.
When and how we may share personal data with other organisations, such as our Yacht Charter Suppliers.
The choices you have, including how to access and update your personal data.
We have tried to keep this Notice as simple as possible, but if you are not familiar with terms such as data controller, or some of the other things in this then do not hesitate to give us a call or drop us an email!
We use your data in a variety of ways
To provide the holidays and services you want
We need to process your personal data so that we can manage your account or booking, provide you with the Sailing Holidays you want to buy and help you with any bookings you make.
To manage and improve our holidays
We use personal data to manage and improve our holidays, website and other services.
We monitor how our services are used to help protect your personal data, detect and prevent fraud, other crimes and the misuse of services. This helps us to make sure that you can safely use our services.
We may use personal data to respond to and to manage security operations, accidents or other similar incidents, including medical and insurance purposes.
We use personal data to carry out market research. We use CCTV images to help maintain the safety of anyone working in or visiting our premises and other buildings, and for the prevention, detection and prosecution of criminal offences. We may also rely on the images to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
What personal information we collect
When you get in touch with Sailing Holidays we may collect:
Your personal details, including your address, email address, phone number and date of birth.
Your account login details, such as your username and the password you chose.
When you browse our websites, we may collect:
Travel preferences.
Information about your browsing behaviour on our websites and mobile apps.
Information about when you click on one of our adverts, including those shown on other organisations’ websites.
Information about the way you access our digital services, including operating system, IP address, online identifiers and browser details.
Social preferences, interests and activities.
When you come on holiday with us, we may have to collect:
Passenger information, passport details, other ID document details.
Insurance details.
Relevant medical data and any special, dietary, religious or disability requests.
Information about your browsing behaviour on our websites and mobile apps.
Information about when you click on one of our adverts, including those shown on other organisations’ websites.
Information about the way you access our digital services, including operating system, IP address, online identifiers and browser details.
Social preferences, interests and activities.
When we communicate with each other or you take part in promotions, competitions, surveys or questionnaires about our Sailing Holidays; we may collect:
Personal data you provide when you connect with us, including by email, post and phone or through social media, such as your name, username and contact details.
Details of emails and other digital communications we send to you that you open, including any links in them that you click on.
Your feedback and contributions to customer surveys and questionnaires.
Other sources of personal data:
Your insurance company, their agents and medical staff may exchange relevant personal data and special categories of personal data with us in circumstances where we/they need to act on your behalf or in the interest of other customers or in an emergency.
We may use CCTV images, IP address and browser details collected in or in the immediate vicinity of our office and around the bases we operate from.
Personal data you provide about other individuals:
We use personal data about other individuals provided by you, such as those people on your booking.
By providing other people’s personal data, you must be sure that they agree to this and you are allowed to provide it. You should also ensure that, where appropriate, they understand how their personal data may be used by us.
Getting in touch
To contact you
We strive to provide the best service possible so if you contact us, for example by email, post, and phone or via social media, we may use personal data to provide clarification or assistance to you.
We may invite you to take part in customer surveys, questionnaires to constantly improve our holidays.
We do not sell your personal data to third parties.
Promotional Materials
Marketing Communications
From time to time we may send you relevant offers and news about our products and services in several ways, including by email. We will only do this if you previously agreed to receive these marketing communications.
When you book or contact us we will ask if you would like to receive marketing communications. You can change your marketing preferences online, over the phone, using the ‘unsubscribe’ link in our marketing emails, or by writing to us (e.g. email) at any time. Of course, the choice is entirely yours, but if you say you do not want to receive marketing information from us this will prevent you from receiving our great offers, newsletters and brochure.
You may still receive service-related communications from us. For example, confirming bookings you make with us and providing important information about the use of our products or services.
Personal Data
Sharing your details with our suppliers
In order for us to take you on our great Sailing Holidays we may share personal data with suppliers of your travel arrangements, including airlines, charter companies, hotels and transport companies.
We also work with carefully selected suppliers that carry out certain functions on our behalf. For example, companies that help us with IT services, marketing and delivering products and services.
We may need to share personal data to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; this includes providing personal data to others for the purposes of preventing fraud and reducing credit risk.
When we share personal data with other organisations, we require them to keep it safe, and they must not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes.
We only share the minimum personal data that enable our suppliers to provide their services to you and us.
Protecting your personal data
We know how important it is to protect and manage your personal data. We take appropriate security measures to help protect your personal data from accidental loss and from unauthorised access, use, alteration and disclosure.
The security of your data also depends on you. For example, where we have given you or where you have chosen a password for access to certain services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
How long will we hold your information?
We will retain your personal data for only as long as it is necessary for the uses set out in this Privacy Notice and/or to meet legal and regulatory requirements. After this period, we will securely erase personal data. If data is needed after this period for analytical, historical or other legitimate business purposes, we will take appropriate measures to anonymise this data.
New to Sailing?
See more....
Yacht Charter
Read more....
Shore to Sail
Find out more...
Keep in Touch
Sign up to our newsletter