https://www.cheesemans.com/terms-and-conditions
Cheesemans' Ecology Safaris
Terms & Conditions
Updated June 3, 2020.Please thoroughly review these Terms and Conditions of Cheesemans’ Ecology Safaris, herein referred to as CES. Non-Smoking PolicyCES has a strict non-smoking policy. Smoking is not permitted at any time or any place during our trips.Maximum Time In NatureWe try to spend as much time in nature as possible, sometimes resulting in long days, which gives you a more in-depth experience.Itinerary RouteCES’s itinerary route, stops, and plans are subject to change related to anything outside of CES’s control, including but not limited to weather or road conditions.Use of Drones/UAVs on TripsUnmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs), also known as drones, are not suitable for use on most CES trips due to logistical constraints and in many cases, local and national laws or regulations. In some cases, such as on our polar voyages, we operate under environmental regulations that ban the use of recreational drones. Do not bring a drone on a trip without contacting us first.PricingPricing and availability may change without notice. CES reserves the right to charge you for any increase in trip costs. You agree that CES is not responsible for any errors or omissions in any quotes, advertisements, including on our website, or information from third parties.PaymentsFailure to make payments on time will automatically put your booking at risk of cancellation. Please contact us in advance of your payment due date if you will be unable to meet this obligation. You agree to hold CES harmless for any booking cancellation for late payments or declination of a credit card.Travel DocumentsYou assume sole responsibility to confirm all requirements for passport, visa, vaccination, or other entry and/or travel requirements of all locations along your route and final destination. You release CES from responsibility for any and all damages incurred as a result of your failure to comply with applicable requirements.Airfare CES May Book For YouReview your trip itinerary for flights CES may book on your behalf. CES acts simply as an intermediary between you and the airline, and airline tickets are highly restrictive, non-refundable, and non-transferable. Modification of names, dates, times, routings, or departure/arrival airports is at the sole discretion of the airline and, if permitted, will likely be subject to a change fee, and you are responsible for any such fees. Credit will not be given for any unused airline tickets unless the airlines’ terms and conditions allow it.AccommodationsAccommodations are defined as lodgings in living quarters afforded to travelers including, but not limited to, hotels, motels, resorts, ship cabins, and campgrounds. CES’s descriptions are based on its knowledge and participant comments, and CES makes no guarantee its descriptions and photographs are an exact representation of the particular accommodations offered. If the accommodations sought are unavailable, CES will do its best to reserve comparable accommodations.CES has no special knowledge regarding the suitability for disabled persons of any portion of any trip. For information concerning the suitability for disabled persons for any portion of this trip, contact CES.Participant Cancellation PoliciesCancellation terms are in your trip itinerary.Your Right as a Traveler and CES’s Cancellation PoliciesCES is registered as California Seller of Travel #2063050-40. Registration as a seller of travel does not constitute approval by the State of California. CES is a participant in the Travel Consumer Restitution Corporation (TCRC), and all of your payments are deposited into a trust account in accordance with California law.In the event that CES needs to cancel the trip, you can transfer all of your payments to a future trip or receive a refund for payments CES can recover from its supplier, in accordance with California law. If for any reason a valid refund is not forthcoming, you may request reimbursement from the TCRC within six months of the scheduled end of the trip.CES also has the right to refuse anyone as a member of a trip, prior to or during the trip, if in CES’s opinion that they could endanger the health, safety, and enjoyment of others on the trip. Under such circumstances, no refund will be given for any unused portion of the trip.Data Protection/Privacy and Photo UseCES may ask you for certain personal information, such as dietary requirements, disability/medical information, etc. CES will keep this information confidential except to provide necessary information to authorized persons to carry out CES’s obligations to you.You consent for CES to use images of you taken during the trip for advertising and promotional purposes in any medium CES chooses. You grant CES a perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, irrevocable license to use such images for publicity and promotional purposes.For a complete explanation of our policies regarding these topics please refer to our Privacy Policy.Limitation of LiabilityTravel to remote places is exciting, but it is important to understand and accept the risks, both medical and logistical. During the trip, minor medical problems can usually be treated, but because you are often far from medical facilities, you cannot expect immediate medical treatment or evacuation, even in cases of trauma. Anyone with health problems needing close medical supervision should not consider going on our trips.You assume the risk of, and agree that CES is not liable for any losses or damages arising from or related to anything outside of CES’s control, including, without limitation, acts of God or of any government, terrorist activity, illness and/or death of a co-traveler including members of the trip group, civil unrest, weather conditions, or lost/damaged/delayed luggage.Mandatory Arbitration / Forum / Choice of LawThe Parties hereby agree that any and all disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be submitted to final binding arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The dispute will be governed by California law, and any hearings will take place in Santa Clara County, California. The case would be heard by one mutually agreed upon arbitrator. All costs associated with the arbitration will be split equally between the Parties.Modification of Terms and ConditionsThe Terms and Conditions may be amended or modified by CES at any time without notice, so it is essential that you review these each time you book a trip with CES in case they have changed. The Terms and Conditions you sign now are Terms and Conditions that will apply to you and your trip regardless of amendments made after you’ve signed.