http://www.shalbournegliding.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
How We Use Cookies
Like many websites we use cookies to store and then retrieve small bits of information on your computer when you visit. This information is used to make the site work as you expect it to.
It is not personally identifiable to you, but it can be used to give you a more personalised web experience.
Some of the information stored is put there by other companies whose software we have added to the site, and this can also impact your experience of other websites you may visit after leaving ours.
If you continue to use this site without taking action to prevent the storage of this information, you are effectively agreeing to this use.
If you want to learn more about the general uses of cookies, including how to stop them being stored by your computer, please visit Cookiepedia – all about cookies.
Below is a list of the different types of cookies used on this site, and an explanation of what they are used for. If you would like any more information, please get in touch.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function. They are usually only set in response to actions
made by you which amount to a request for services, such as logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not
then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance
of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move
around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these
cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set
by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies
to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store any personally identifiable information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser
and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Other Cookies
The following cookies are also set by our site, however their purpose has not yet been identified. We are
conducting research into these cookies and will update this page as soon as possible.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Shalbourne Gliding
Shalbourne Gliding
HomeClub Information
Club InformationDirectionsMembership and FeesLocal InformationBlogGlider RadarClub SafetyMembers portalWeather Back
Introduction to Gliding
Introduction to GlidingGliding Trial LessonsGliding Gift VouchersWomen in Gliding Back
Contact UsLogin / Register
× Close Panel