http://www.hd4sale.com/privacy.html
Buy Sell Harley Davidson Motorcycles - HD4SALE.COM
HOME POST AD EDIT ADS NEW ADS TESTIMONIALS Sign IN SAVED ADS
Harley Davidson CategoriesCustom American BikesHarley Davidson DynaHarley Davidson SoftailHarley Davidson TouringHarley Davidson VintageHarley Davidson SportsterHarleyDavidson V-RODTrikesIndian MotorcyclesToys for Big BoysAmerican Motorcycle Swap Meet
MENU
HOME
SELL HARLEY
EDIT
NEW ADS
TESTIMONIALS
SIGN IN
Harley Davidson Motorcycle Inventory
Custom American Bikes
Harley Davidson Dyna
Harley Davidson Softail
Harley Davidson Touring
Harley Davidson Vintage
Harley Davidson Sportster
Harley Trikes
Indian Motorcycles
Harley Davidson V-ROD
Salvage Titled Harley Davidsons
American Motorcycle Swap Meet
2019 Harley Davidson Street Glide Special
2016 Harley Davidson Tri-Glide
2014 Harley Davidson Tri Glide Ultra Classic
2012 Harley Davidson Softail Slim FLS
2016 Harley Davidson Tri-Glide
Get Maximum exposure with a Featured Harley Davidson Ad - Listed for
ONE YEAR
click here
HD4SALE.COM - Privacy Policy
Because this Web site wants to demonstrate their commitment to users' privacy, they have agreed to disclose their information practices.
If users first have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact RideAmerican Motorcycles Ltd customer service at webmaster@hd4sale.com. If they do not receive acknowledgment of their inquiry or their inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed with 14 days, they should contact RideAmerican Motorcycles Ltd at support@hd4sale.com.
Scope
This Privacy Policy covers HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifieds treatment of personally identifiable information that we collect when you are on HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifiedsweb site and when you use our services. This policy also covers our treatment of any personally identifiable information that our business partners or customers share with us.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that RideAmerican Motorcycles Ltd the publisher of HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifieds, does not own or control, or to individuals that RideAmerican Motorcycles Ltd does not employ or manage, including operators of sites to which you may link from the RideAmerican Motorcycles Ltd web site(s). This policy also does not apply to any off-line collection of personally identifiable information or the treatment of the same when such information is collected outside of the HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifieds site.
What information do we gather?
The only individually identifiable information that we collect about you is that which you choose to share with us in registration, when using our products and services, or when responding to offers from HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifieds or from our business partners or customers.
We also collect information about aggregate site usage. Statistics that we gather about unique visits, referring URL's, repeat visits and page views are all based on IP address, and are not associated with your personal information.
At the time of registration, we only ask for your email address and a user name you select. From time to time, HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifiedsmay survey its members for additional personal information. Aggregate information about our users is valuable to our advertisers as it provides them with more effective channels for reaching potential customers. Without advertising support, we could not keep the Web site free for use.
We share aggregate information with our partners and advertisers. We will not share your personally identifiable information with any third party, unless we tell you otherwise when we collect the information, you have consented by "opting in" to being contacted by HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifieds, its third party partners or advertisers, or we have informed you of a change to our privacy policy so that you can then choose to opt out. We will give you a way to "opt out" of being contacted by HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifieds.
In short, the information you provide us can help us understand how to make our Web site more useful to our users.
Opting-Out.
We do not share your personally identifiable information with anyone, unless we tell you otherwise when we collect the information, you "opt-in" to having your information shared with third parties, or we have informed you of a change to our privacy policy so that you can choose to opt out.
When we ask you for personal information, such as the kind of information we may ask you for through a survey, or through a request for an investor kit on a company we featured in HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifieds, we will tell you if we intend to share it with others. Once you have "opted in" and agreed that your information may be shared with third parties or you have responded to an offer by any third party on the RideAmerican Motorcycles Ltd Web sites, HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifieds can no longer update any of your personally identifiable information that has been transferred to such third parties or opt you out of such third parties so that you no longer receive their promotional and/or marketing information. Instead, you must either contact that third party or refer to their privacy policy to update your personally identifiable information or to let them know that you no longer want to receive promotional and/or marketing information about their products, services, or offerings.
What information do we collect?
The only individual identifiable information that we collect about you is that which you choose to share with us in registration, when you use our products or services that require you to provide personal information about yourself, when responding to offers from HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifieds or from our third party business partners or advertisers, or when responding to surveys from us or our third party business partners (including without limitation surveys for online advertising brand effectiveness), or requests for investor kits on companies we may feature in our Web sites. As stated earlier, this information will be closely protected and used for internal purposes only, unless we tell you otherwise when we collect the information, you have consented by "opting in" to be contacted by HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifieds its partners and advertisers, and other third parties, or we have informed you of a change to our privacy policy so that you can then choose to opt out. We will never willfully release your personal information to any third party without providing you notice unless: you direct us to enter you in a contest; sign you up for a service which is sponsored by one of our partners; you direct us to provide your information to a company we proflied when you "opt in" for their investor kit; you otherwise "opt in" to have your information shared with third parties; we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; we find your actions on our Web site violate our Terms of Use or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services (and then only to pursue appropriate action); or we transfer your information in connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether assets, stock or otherwise), of all or a portion of a business of RideAmerican Motorcycles Ltd If, however, as a result of the business transfer your personal information will be used in a new and different manner, then you will have a choice as to whether to allow this new use.
We will also collect information about aggregate Web site usage. Statistics that we gather about unique visits, repeat visits and page views are all based on IP address, not on your individual activities.
The information we gather is supplemented with information provided by third party sources and may be used to derive additional data to enhance our databases. For example, zip code information you provide may be used to derive city and state information or may be used to add demographics data.
Changes to the HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifieds Privacy Policy.
HD4SALE.COM - American Motorcycle Classifieds may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent notice in our privacy policy or in other locations on our Web site or by sending you an email to inform you of our updated privacy policy. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the Web site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner.
Contact informationIf users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:Phone 1-306-628-3255Fax 1-306-628-3255Email webmaster@hd4sale.comPostal Address Box 14 Leader SK. Canada S0N 1H0Web site URL http://www.hd4sale.comRideAmerican Motorcycles Ltd
Sign Up
| Testimonials
| HD Search
| Motorcycle Marketplace
| Biker Links
| Log In
| Privacy Policy
Home |
Post Ad |
Edit Ad |
New Ads |
Saved Ads |
Popular Ads
copyright© 1997, 2016
RideAmerican Motorcycles Ltd. all rights reserved..