http://www.go-today.com/cookies_policy.aspx
Cookies Policy
We learn more about how you use our Website so we can improve our products and online experience.
Cookies Policy
By using our website(s) ("Website"), you agree to our Website Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which contains information on how we collect and use personal data.
When you visit our Website we use cookies.
Cookies allow us to identify the computer or devices you're using to access our Website - but we can't identify you personally.
You can setup your web browser to refuse cookies, but this means you won't be able to book on our Website or use all of its features.
We may change this Cookie Policy at any time - please check back frequently to review any updates.
Please take a look at the last modified date at the bottom of this page to see when this Cookie Policy was last revised.
Any changes in this Cookie Policy will become effective when we make the revised Cookie Policy available on or through our Website.
What we use Cookies for
Storing what's in your shopping basket: This allows you to buy holidays with us.
Collecting information:
This means we can learn more about how you use our Website so we can improve our products and online experience.
Tailoring your experience:
Cookies allow us to provide you with information, products and services that we think you'll find interesting.
Making our marketing relevant:
We can show you relevant offers and promotions on our own Website and through our advertising networks.
Email newsletters:
If you receive our email newsletters or updates, we tailor the information we send you based on the data our cookies have collected from your recent visits to our Website.
You can opt-out of receiving our email newsletters or updates by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of every email we send you.
Types of Cookies we use
Here are the types of cookies our Website uses and some more details about what they're used for:
Advertising Cookies:
These cookies remember what you have looked at on our Website and other websites, and may be combined with other information acquired from third parties.
We may share this information with other organisations, such as advertisers.
Application Cookies:
These cookies allow us to make sure you get the best possible experience on our Website.
They're essential for you to be able to search and buy online with us.
Analytical Cookies:
These cookies help us understand how our customers are using our Website, so we can make things better. Analytical cookies collect information about how you use the Website, for instance, which pages you go to most. The information allows us to see the overall patterns of usage on the Website, help us record any difficulties you have with the Website and show us whether our advertising is effective or not.
This Site uses a tracking technology called Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager to obtain Site usage information such as users' Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, Internet domain and host names, browser software, and the date and time that the Site is visited. Data obtained through Google Analytics does not include and is not linked to any personal information.
Data from Google Analytics allows us to monitor the use of this Site, understand how users find our Site, and improve the Site's function and content.
Google Tag Manager is a solution that allows marketed website tags to be managed using an interface. The Tag Manager tool itself (which implements the tags) is a cookie-less domain and does not register personal data. The tool causes other tags to be activated which may, for their part, register data under certain circumstances. Google Tag Manager does not access this information. If recording has been deactivated on domain or cookie level, this setting will remain in place for all tracking tags implemented with Google Tag Manager.
Site usage data collected through Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager is not shared with other Google products and tools.
Our use of Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager is in compliance with Google's Terms of Service.
Google provides more information about Google's privacy practices and information on how to opt-out of Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager tracking of your web browsing. For additional information on how Google uses your information and how you can exercise control of your information please click here.
Marketing Cookies:
These cookies can be used by us and our partners to target your preferences.
They allow us to interact with you once you've left our Website - by showing you adverts, for example - to help you find the holiday that's right for you.
Social Networking Tools: If you "like", "share" or use social tools on our Website provided by social networks such as Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter you may be sent cookies from these third party websites.
As we do not control the use of these cookies, please check on the social network websites for their cookie policies and how you can manage them.
By using our Website, you agree to us using cookies as set out in this Cookies Policy.
Cookies - the Lowdown
Read through this section for all you need to know about what cookies are and how we use them.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer by us or our partners.
They let us identify the device you're using - but not you personally. This information is sent back to our systems as you move around our Website.
Cookies are unique to the web browser you're using - so if you're using a desktop computer as well as a mobile, different data will be collected for each.
You can find more information on the About Cookies website.
Cookies can be set by the owner of the website you're on.
These are known as 1st Party Cookies. There are also 3rd Party Cookies that can be set by partner websites.
Only the owner of the cookie can see the anonymous information it collects.
You can choose to accept all cookies, reject 3rd Party Cookies or reject all cookies by changing your Internet browser settings.
If you don't accept cookies, some features of our Website won't work. For example, you won't be able to make a booking.
How we use Cookies
We may use cookies to find out more about how you use our Website - like the searches you make and your preferences. We use this information to:
Make it possible for you to use our Website.
Show you information and offers that are relevant to you.
Find out more about how our customers use the site.
Buying our products online
When you're buying something on our Website, we need to use cookies to keep track of what you're booking as you move through each stage of the booking process.
Keeping track of your searches and preferences
Your recent searches and shortlisted holidays are recorded using cookies. If you've searched for a holiday, left our Website and then you come back later, the search panel will keep the information you provided before, so you won't need to fill everything in again.
If you've made a shortlist but you haven't saved it by entering your email address, we'll store your shortlisted holidays using a cookie, so you'll be able to see it when you visit us again using the same computer or device.
Improving your experience
We use cookies and software programmes to record, measure and analyse how our customers use our Website. We use this information to understand what you want from our Website, which helps us when we're considering future products like flight routes and holidays.
We can also find out how you move around our Website, so we can look into any errors stopping you from being able to do what you want. The data we collect from cookies is really important for us to improve your experience.
Making your experience personal
When you're on our Website, we might interact with you or show you personalised information and offers anonymously.
Cookies help us to do this by letting us know how you're using our Website on your particular computer or device, which means we can work out what's most relevant to you.
Receive our email newsletters?
We link information from cookies with your email registration details so we can tailor the information we send you.
You'll be given the chance to opt-out of our email newsletters or updates by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of every email we send you.
Adverts on other websites
If you visit one of our partner sites, you might see an advert that's relevant to what you searched for when you last visited our own site.
We work with advertising networks that use cookies to collect information on your preferences, meaning we can show adverts tailored to you. For more information about targeting and advertising cookies and how you can opt out, visit:
Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
Digital Advertising Alliance: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
Refusing Cookies and changing your mind after you have accepted
Refusing cookies
You can change your browser settings to accept or refuse all cookies, choose which cookies you want or don't want, or ask to be notified when a cookie is set.
Use the help feature in your browser to see how.
Changing your mind after you've accepted our cookies
If you change your mind after you've accepted our cookies, you'll find an option within your Internet browser to clear cookies that have already been set.
Use the help feature in your browser to see how.
You'll then need to change your browser settings to refuse cookies in future.
More details on how you can control cookies
You may refuse to accept cookies from our Website at any time by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse cookies. Further information about the procedure to follow in order to disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider's website via your help screen. You may wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html for information on commonly used browsers.
Just so you know, you won't be able to benefit from all the features of our Website and email newsletters or book online with us if you refuse cookies, and some features of our Website may not operate as intended, or you may not have access to features or personalization available through the Website.
Take a look at the website of About Cookies for independent information on cookies - including how to refuse or delete them from your computer or device.
Cookies Policy: v February 2017
Quick Links
Toggle navigation
Quick Links
About Go Today
FAQs
Airport Taxes & Fees
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Website Terms of Use
Testimonials
Passport & Visa Information
Tips for Traveling Abroad
Packing Tips
Contact Details
Mailing Address
Go-today19909 120th Ave NESuite 202Bothell, WA 98011
Phone  (800) 227-3235
Email Us
Our Reservations Desk will get back to you within 24 - 48 business hours.
Hours
Monday - Friday
7:00am - 4:00pm Pacific Time
Closed Saturday and Sunday
19909 120th AVE NE
Suite 202
Bothell, WA 98011
800-227-3235
res@go-today.com
Contact Us
Plan your Vacation
Travel Deals
Destinations
Specialty Vacations
Create Your Dream Trip
Sightseeing
Group Vacations
Let's Get Social#gotodaytravel
Let's Get Social#gotodaytravel
Plan your Vacation
Travel Deals
Destinations
Specialty Vacations
Create Your Dream Trip
Sightseeing
Group Vacations
go-today
19909 120th AVE NE
Suite 202
Bothell, WA 98011
800-227-3235
res@go-today.com
Contact Us
Copyright © 2020 go-today
Privacy   Terms   Cookies   Website Use   Sitemap
* All airline related taxes and fuel surcharges are included. Prices are per person, based on double occupancy, and are subject to change prior to purchase. Some foreign authorities require fees at arrival or departure that must be collected directly from the passengers at the airport. Airline-imposed baggage fees may apply and be due at the airport; please consult your airline prior to departure for the latest fees.