http://www.1stlaxey.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy:Laxey Travel Group ("Richard") operates Laxey Travel Group's and may operate other websites. It is Laxey Travel Group policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Richard collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Laxey Travel Group purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Laxey Travel Group visitors use its website. From time to time, Richard may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Richard also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Laxey Travel Group's blogs/sites. Richard only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Laxey Travel Group websites choose to interact with Richard in ways that require Richard to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Richard gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at Laxey Travel Group's to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Richard are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Richard collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Richard. Richard does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Richard may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Richard may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Richard does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Richard discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Laxey Travel Group behalf or to provide services available at Laxey Travel Group websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Laxey Travel Group websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Richard will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Richard discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Richard believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Richard, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Richard website and have supplied your email address, Richard may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Richard and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Richard takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Richard uses cookies to help Richard identify and track visitors, their usage of Richard website, and their website access preferences. Richard visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Laxey Travel Group websites, with the drawback that certain features of Laxey Travel Group websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Richard, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Richard goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Richard may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Richard and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Richard may change its Privacy from time to time, and in Laxey Travel Group sole discretion. Richard encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy. If you have a Laxey Travel Group's account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Comments are closed
Recent Posts
How to Prepare for a Hiking Trip
Different Types Of Accommodation Facilities To Choose
Tips on Hiring a Coach for your Trip
Tourist visa for Canada
A Beginner’s Guide To Buying Yacht
Categories
Accessories
Adventure travel
air travel
Camping
Destinations
Hiking
Hotel
sports
Transport
Travel
Vacation
Visa
Follow us on Pinterest RichardCarpenter030
Our Friends
Pages
Holiday Destination
Our Story
Privacy Policy
Talk to us
Terms of Service
Watch now
Advertisement
Recent Posts
How to Prepare for a Hiking Trip
Different Types Of Accommodation Facilities To Choose
Tips on Hiring a Coach for your Trip
Tourist visa for Canada
A Beginner’s Guide To Buying Yacht
Follow
TagsAccessories
advantage
airport hotels
air ticket
booking
business
Camping
Camping Tent
car hire
car rental service
car service
change
cheap flights
coach companies
deep sea fishing
english
fishing
flight booking
hiring a coach
Holiday
hotels
items
japan
light
Limo
Limousine Services
lives
luxury sport yacht
mauritius
modern coaches
new boaters
online
Service
sports
spot
teaching
Tent
things
tour
Tourist
travel
traveler
travel hotels
Vacation Destination
Vacations
Extra