http://www.kilim.com/terms
Finest Authentic Hand-Woven New and Vintage Rugs from The Source
Contact Us
Sign In
English
English
Español
Türkçe
USD
AED
AUD
BRL
CAD
CHF
CZK
DKK
EUR
GBP
HKD
JPY
NOK
NZD
PLN
RON
SEK
SGD
TRY
USD
ft. in. lbs
ft. in. lbs
cm kg
+
Area Rugs
by Type
Vintage Area Rugs
Vintage Kilims
Overdyed Rugs
Patchwork Vintage Rugs
New Kilims
Runner Rugs
New Area Rugs
Antique Kilims
Oversized Vintage Rugs
Tulu Rugs
by Style
Overdyed
Tribal
Traditional
Contemporary
Patchwork
Striped
Plain
by Size
Small Size
Medium Size
Large Size
Oversize
Runner
by Age
New
Vintage
Antique
Advanced SearchSearch WizardRecent ArrivalsRecently Viewed
+
Runners
Kilim Runners
Hand-knotted
New Runners
Vintage Runners
Oushak Runners
Custom Rugs
+
Pillows
16" x 16" Pillows
20" x 12" Pillows
20" x 20" Pillows
24" x 16" Pillows
Ikat Pillows
+
Furniture & Accessories
Benches & Ottomans & Stools
Artisan Furniture
Metal Table Legs
Bags & Textiles
B2B/Wholesale
Clearance
+
Wiki
What is
What is a Kilim?
What is a Vintage Rug? Overdyed Rug? Distressed Rug?
Chaput Pala Rugs
Tulu Rugs
Why Wool?
Turkotek Articles
Using
Living With Rugs
Designing With New and Vintage Rugs
Choosing and Decorating with Kilims
Placement, Hanging and Storage
Cleaning Rugs
How
Dyes & Dyeing
Origins
Regions
Weaving Techniques
Language of Kilims
Experience Virtual "Home try-on"
Kilim Motifs and Symbols
Bookstore
Updates
News about Kilim.com
Blog
Facebook
Twitter
Type: All
Hand-knotted Area Rugs
Kilim Rugs
Overdyed Rugs
Patchwork Rugs
Artisan Furniture
Kilim Pillows
Bags
Tulu Rugs
Textiles
Benches and Ottomans
Table Legs
Price: All
$1 - $200
$200 - $500
$500 - $1000
$1000 - $3000
$3000 - $5000
$5000 - $10.000
Over $10.000
Sale Items
Size: All
Small
Medium
Large
Oversize
Runner
Style All
Bohemian
Contemporary
Flag
Floral
Over-dyed
Patchwork
Pictorial
Plain
Prayer
Striped
Traditional
Tribal
Tulu
Age: All
New
Vintage
Antique
Clear
Search
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy Please be assured that Kilim.com takes every precaution to protect our customers' information. We do not sell or share your information with anyone. We do not keep or even see your credit card data, because all info is transmitted in encrypted form from your screen directly to our payment processor Stripe.
Pricing Policy All prices are quoted in United States Dollars and do not include tax, shipping or insurance. You have the option to pay in other currencies on the sites. Depending on your banks policy, you may also be charged a small foreign charge fee if you use non-US cards. Kilim.com reserves the right to cancel any order containing pricing errors.
ShippingWe currently ship free worldwide. Orders are generally shipped in 1-4 business days. We ship via FedEx, UPS and DHL. Deliveries are usually made in 3-5 business days to all locations in the U.S. and Europe, and 5-7 business days to Australia, New Zealand and most of Asia, Latin America and Africa. All items are fully insured against damage and loss. Please be informed that we cannot ship to P.O. Box addresses.
Ordering ProcedureWe will update you with the shipping details in 1-4 business days. We do our best to display correct information for all our products. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel an order for any reason including limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies, or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department.
PaymentsWe accept payment by Visa, Mastercard, AmEx, Apple Pay, Alipay as well as any payment method linked to an Amazon account. We also accept payments by check from a U.S. bank or wire transfers to our U.S. bank account.
Return & Cancellation PolicyCustomer satisfaction is our top priority. You may return any item in original condition for a 100% money back refund within a period of seven (7) days from the date of receipt. Customer pays the return shipping cost. For your protection, items must be returned shipping prepaid, insured for the full value and safely wrapped to prevent shipping damage.We reserve the right to:
not to accept returns or deduct 15% restocking fee if the item is returned after this period or
deduct 15% restocking fee if three or more items are returned and
deduct cleaning or repair fees if the returned item is not in original condition.
For customers in the US, Canada or countries in South America, the items would be returned to our warehouse in New Jersey. For other countries in Europe, Asia and Africa as well as Australia and New Zealand, items are to be returned to our warehouse in Istanbul, Turkey.For all countries, except the U.S., we will deduct customs duties and/or VAT or GST if we paid them on your behalf when we refund your payment. Should there be any fundamental errors committed by us, such as delivery of a wrong or damaged item, etc., the buyer will be entitled to a full refund. If you decide to return an item, please first fill the return form or send an e-mail to us at sales1@kilim.com and obtain return information. Items are to be returned in the same condition as sold with no damage or alterations or sign of use. We reserve the right to deduct a cleaning or restoration fee depending on the condition of the returned item. If your order shows damage when you receive the shipment, please open it in the presence of the delivery service personnel, or at least bring it to their attention when signing for the item. If possible, also please try to obtain a photograph of the damaged package. Contact us immediately and retain all packaging materials.
Return & Cancellation Policy for Custom Rug OrdersWe do not accept returns for custom rugs after they are shipped unless they are damaged during shipment.
Items that are not received by the customer and returned to us Items that are not received and are returned to us due to the customer not being available for several delivery attempts or rejecting delivery will be charged the original shipping cost and the return shipping. Custom ordered products are charged the full value.
VAT and Customs Duties VAT (value added tax) and customs duties (if any) differ for each country. Most countries, except USA, are subject to VAT and customs duties which are the responsibility of the recipient. Since rates vary by country and by what was ordered, we are not able to supply an estimated cost. Customers ordering from European countries are exempt from customs charges, however they will be billed for VAT by UPS and DHL. For most European countries, we give the option to pre-pay the VAT to us and we pay the VAT on their behalf to their local customs for their convenience.
Product Descriptions Product descriptions and the condition of the items as reported on our website are, to the best of our knowledge, as complete and accurate as possible, but they are for guidance only, without legal obligation or prejudice to our standard conditions of sale.Customer Service
For additional help, you may also get in touch with us by e-mail at sales1@kilim.com or contacting us via phone at +1 800 747 2983 (US) or +90 212 275 6496 (Turkey).
Rug Store
Custom Rugs
B2B/Wholesale
About Us
Contacts
Wiki
Testimonials
Shipping Rates
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
News
Kilim Blog
FAQ
Sitemap
Links
Kilim.com en Español
Türkçe Kilim.com
Return Form
Hand Made Furniture
Updates & News
Subscribe
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service apply.
Successfully subscribed.
Copyright © 1998-2020By Kilim Studio, a family-run business
Recently Viewed
GET HELP