http://www.ses-explore.org/terms-conditions
This site uses cookies to provide a personalised user experience. You can see how we use your data by clicking More which will take you to our privacy policy. Closing this alert means that you are happy to proceed.CloseMore
Toggle Navigation
HomeABOUT SESJOIN SESDONATEEXPEDITIONSEXPLORER AWARDSHONORARY AWARDSEVENTS & SOCIALSNEWSSPONSORS
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Print
Email
Details
Written by pugmarks
Category: Uncategorised
Published: 20 April 2018
Hits: 4079
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before registering on the website. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, then you should not register.
1. Acceptance of Terms and Conditions 1.1 By clicking "Accept" to register you will be deemed to have consented to these Terms and Conditions. 1.2 We reserve the right to change or update these Terms and Conditions from time to time. Any revisions to these Terms and Conditions will be published in our website notices.
2. Login and Password Security 2.1 Upon registering with your Login (email) and Password you will be able to access your account and profile area of the site. 2.2 You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Login and Password and are responsible for all activities that occur under them. We do not have the means to check the identity of people using the website and will not be liable where your Login details and Password are used by someone else.
2.3 You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of your Password or Login details or any other breach of security of which you become aware.
3. Your Warranties
3.1 You warrant that: 3.1.2 all information and details provided by you to us are true, accurate and up to date in all respects and at all times (see Our Data and Privacy Protection Policy here for details on how to update your personal data); and
3.1.3 You will comply with these Terms and Conditions including, without limitation, the restrictions relating to acceptable use set out at section 4 below.
4. Acceptable Use 4.1 We support the free flow of information and ideas over the Internet and do not actively monitor use of the website. However, we seek to balance this aim with our obligations as the Scientific Exploration Society, to other Members, our stakeholders and partners and at law. We may therefore review all profiles entered onto the website in order to ensure compliance with these terms, and to comply with or investigate any enforcement agency or police request or complaints. We also, therefore, require that you do not: 4.1.1 say or do anything that would cause annoyance, inconvenience, harassment or needless anxiety to others; 4.1.2 advertise or promote third party or your own products or services, including by way of the distribution of 'spam' mail; 4.1.3 use foul, threatening or offensive language including, without limitation, racist, sexist, ageist, homophobic or sexually explicit language where inappropriate; 4.1.4 make insulting remarks to or about other members ("flaming"); 4.1.5 distribute illegal, copyright infringing, indecent or offensive material or any messages or content that may incite disorder or encourage illegal activities or that causes or may cause harm to minors; 4.1.6 impersonate another person or Member;
4.1.7 transfer files that contain viruses, trojans or other harmful programs; 4.1.8 use the website to conduct any fraudulent activity including any "pyramid scheme"; "ponzi scheme" or "chain letter"; 4.1.9 access or attempt to access the accounts of other Members or to penetrate or attempt to penetrate the website security measures; 4.1.10 have more than one Member Account at any time.
4.2 We may take any or all of the following action at our discretion:
4.2.1 remove any Member profile (including photographs) or other material that, at our sole discretion may be deemed inappropriate or we suspect to be illegal, subject us to liability or which may violate these Terms and Conditions or where required to do so by law; 4.2.2 issue Members with verbal or written warnings and may take such further action as we deem appropriate under paragraph 6.2 if such warnings are not heeded; 4.2.3 suspend or terminate a Member's access to the website or a Member's Account without notice at any time; 4.2.4 inform the appropriate authorities and provide them with information regarding any suspected illegal activity; or
4.2.5 bring legal action against a Member or other user of the website in relation to any breach of these Terms and Conditions or any illegal or suspected illegal activity. We will determine what action is appropriate to be taken against a Member on a case by case basis.
4.3 You acknowledge that we may be required by law or regulation to access, monitor, store or copy material posted on the website, sent by or to Members without further notice to you.
5. Copyright and Other Intellectual Property Rights 5.1 Your use of the website grants no rights to you in relation to copyright, trademarks or other of our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of third parties. 5.2 You may not, without limitation, copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, record, transmit, commercially exploit, communicate to the public, or otherwise use the content included in or provided via the website except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Subject to the above, you may download insubstantial excerpts of this content to your hard disk for the purpose of viewing it, provided that no more than one copy of any information is made.
6. Limitation of Liability 6.1 While we will use all reasonable endeavors to correct any errors or omissions as soon as practicable once they have been brought to our attention, we do not warrant that the website will be available uninterrupted and in a fully operating condition nor that the information on and provided via the website will be free from errors or omissions. 6.2 Access to this website and its contents may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, necessary maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond our control.
6.3 Save that nothing in this paragraph 6 shall restrict your statutory rights (including your right to receive a reasonable standard of service), all content and services on this website are provided on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis. We do not make any representation or give any warranty in respect of the website or its content, including, without limitation information provided by or regarding other Members. We cannot vet all Member profiles and entries to ensure that they are appropriate or correct. Any decision made or action taken by you on the basis of information provided on or via the website is at your sole discretion and risk. 6.4 Due to the fact that many technical aspects of the website and the content provided herein is supplied by or otherwise dependent on third parties, we do not give any warranty as to the accuracy, suitability, reliability, completeness, performance, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, or freedom from viruses, or other harmful programs of the content contained in or accessed through this website. 6.5 We will not be liable for any damages, including indirect or consequential losses and whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, arising in connection with any use by you or other Members of the website that is in contravention of these Terms and Conditions or is not directly attributable to our negligence.
7. Security and Privacy 7.1 Your security and those of all our Members is very important to us. Please read Our Data and Privacy Protection Policy here for important information regarding the use of your personal data and your rights in relation to this.
8. Rules about linking to our site 8.1 You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. 8.2 You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. 8.3 You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you. 8.4 Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page. 8.5 We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
9. General 9.1 We shall not be liable for any failure for any suspension, or termination of access to the website or any content arising out of a force majeure event. A force majeure event shall include, without limitation, failure of infrastructure, government intervention, wars, civil commotion, hijacking, fire, flood, accident, storm, strikes, lockouts, terrorist attacks, or industrial action affecting us or our suppliers.
10. Disputes 10.1 These terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
11. Complaints and Feedback 11.1 If you have any complaints about any aspect of the website or if you have any questions or would otherwise like to provide any other feedback, you can contact us by emailing:
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
or writing to us at Expedition Base, Motcombe, Shaftesbury, Dorset SP7 9PB.
Prev
Next