http://www.wildtexas.com/privacy-policy/
Wild Texas Travel Guide
Parks
View All Texas Parks
Events
Travel Calculator
Wildlife
Birds
Insects
Mammals
Reptiles
Travels
Tips & Tricks
Travelogues
Help
About
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Shop
Search
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
By visiting WildTexas.com, you are accepting our Terms of Use and agreeing to our Privacy Practices outlined below:
If you have not already read About this Site, we encourage you to do so. WildTexas.com is owned and operated by Shannon D. Blackburn. We respect your privacy concerns, and have created this document to answer any questions you may have.
Security is Our Priority
All pages on WildTexas.com are protected by a valid current (auto-renewing) SSL certificate, an Internet technology that ensures all data transmitted between our web server and your web browser/device remains encrypted. At any time, you can verify your connection with a website is secure. The process to verify a website is secure varies depending on what web browser you’re using:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Apple Safari
What Information Does WildTexas.com Gather?
Information You Give Us
We only collect or maintain the private and personally identifiable information (such as your name and email address) that you intentionally provide to WildTexas.com, either via email , or when registering to receive our newsletter, submit photo(s), post a response to our comment-enabled pages, or use other features.
We use the information you provide only to customize the content, layout, and/or crucial features of our website. In no instances do we make your private and personally identifiable information available for sale, licensing, or sharing with any third party for commercial purpose.
Registration is not required use the basic features of WildTexas.com, such as using our Travel Calculator.
If you do register, you must provide us with a username (which does not have to be your real name) and a valid email address. This allows us to protect our community from abusive messages and provides a verifiable point of contact should legal questions arise. Your email address is kept hidden from everyone except the website’s owner/administrator, Shannon D. Blackburn.
Automatic Information, Such as Cookies
Non-Personally Identifying InformationOur web server automatically receives and stores certain types of non-personally identifying information whenever you interact with WildTexas.com. This information includes the domain name or Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information, such as web browser type and version, operating system, and platform (such as Windows/Macintosh); the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) of pages linking to, within or from our website, including date and time. This information is reviewed in aggregate and is used internally to determine what web pages are accessed or visited on WildTexas.com.
As a result of your visits to our website, your non-personally identifying information, such as your domain name or IP address and clickstream information, are shared with our site. For further information, consult the privacy policies of our partners:
Amazon.com
Google AdSense
Personally Identifying Information
Cookies are portions of code installed in a web browser that assist a website, such as WildTexas.com, in customizing content and providing services. Some of the purposes for which cookies are installed may also require your consent.
As a result of some of your actions on our website, your personally identifying information such as first and or last name and email address will be shared with us. Examples of actions that share personally-identifying information are: registering for our mailing list or newsletter; submitting a comment to comment-enabled pages of our site, or sending an email to us. You control whether or not these actions occur, and thus, whether or not you share any personally-identifying information.
Does WildTexas.com Share the Information It Receives?
Protection of WildTexas.com & Others
We will never release personal information unless we believe release is required to comply with law (such as a court order); enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of WildTexas.com, our users or others.
With Your Consent
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
What Are My Options?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to take full advantage of such WildTexas.com features at some future date.
If you do not want to receive email from us now or in the future, please contact us. Please state in your message that you do not want to receive email from us for any reason.
The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most web browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, you will not be able to use some useful WildTexas.com features if you do not use cookies.
More About Privacy
Review how you can verify a website is secure. WildTexas.com is a secure website.
Ensure your computer is actively protected by an updated, modern virus scanner/Internet security application:
Updates to this Policy
We reserve the right to update this policy as needed to remain current with prevailing Internet privacy practices. In the event we do update this policy, a notice and link will be posted on the WildTexas.com main page informing you of the update.
Contact Us
Feel free to contact us at any time if you have questions, comments, or concerns!
Thank you and have a great day!
Sincerely,
Shannon D. Blackburn, Founder & OwnerWildTexas.com
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020 · Log in
Our website uses cookies to function. For more information or to withdraw your consent to cookies, refer to our cookie policy. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking a link, or otherwise continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of cookies.OkNoPrivacy Policy
Revoke cookies