https://www.sportsplusdaycamp.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Celebrating Our 37-th Year
Summer Camp 2020 - June 15th thru August 14th - Huge Discounts Available!!! Please call the camp office with any questions: (818) 905-6125
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use1. TermsBy accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.2. Use LicensePermission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Sports Plus Day Camp’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:modify or copy the materials;use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Sports Plus Day Camp’s web site;remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; ortransfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Sports Plus Day Camp at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.3. DisclaimerThe materials on Sports Plus Day Camp’s web site are provided “as is”. Sports Plus Day Camp makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Sports Plus Day Camp does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.4. LimitationsIn no event shall Sports Plus Day Camp or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Sports Plus Day Camp’s Internet site, even if Sports Plus Day Camp or a Sports Plus Day Camp authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.5. Revisions and ErrataThe materials appearing on Sports Plus Day Camp’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Sports Plus Day Camp does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Sports Plus Day Camp may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Sports Plus Day Camp does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.6. LinksSports Plus Day Camp has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Sports Plus Day Camp of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.7. Site Terms of Use ModificationsSports Plus Day Camp may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.8. Governing LawAny claim relating to Sports Plus Day Camp’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions.General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.Privacy PolicyYour privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Summer 2020 Online Registration Application
Download Our 2020Summer Brochure
Download Our 2020Summer Registration Application
Download Our 2019Winter Brochure
Download Our 2019Winter Registration Application
Summer Camp Locations:Calabasas, Sherman Oaks, Training Camp Complex,Surf CampWinter Camp Locations:Calabasas, Sherman OaksCall us for moreinformation:Phone: (818) 905-6125Fax: (818) 905-6033Email:fun@sportsplusdaycamp.com
Summer Camps | Sports Day Camps | Day Camps | Summer Sports And Day CampsKids Summer Activities | Children’s Camps | San Fernando Valley Summer Camps
Specializing in summer day camps and winter day camps. We also offer one of the best sports day camp programs available in Southern California. All programs for children to teens ages 5 to 14.Our All American summer and winter day camp offers our summer and winter sports training programs, special events and overnight trips. Activities include, Disneyland Trips, Beach Days, Knott’s Berry Farm, movies, rollerblading, boogie boarding, hiking, biking, camping, swimming, and more!For the sports enthusiast we offer our Sports Training Camp. High school and college coaches working with your child to improve skills in specific sports.Sports Instruction offered in: Baseball | Basketball | Bowling | Cheer | Football | Frisbee | Golf | Gymnastics | Ice Skating | Recreational Games | Roller Hockey | Self Defense | Soccer | Swimming | Tennis | Track & Field | Volleyball.Located in Sherman Oaks, Northridge and Calabasas, California. Our summer camps offer the best selection of kid’s summer activities. If you’re looking for a summer sports and day camp program with safe summer activities, Sports Plus Day Camp has something for everyone!
Sports Plus Day Camp13437 Ventura Blvd. Suite 226Sherman Oaks, CA. 91423Phone (818) 905-6125 Fax (818) 905-6033
Home
Camp Locations
Online Registration
Gallery
News