https://www.classiczcars.com/terms/
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Registration Terms
Terms & Rules for the Classic Zcar Club
Please take a moment to review these rules detailed below. If you agree with them, simply click the button below.  If you do not, please close this web page by closing your browser or tab.
Please remember that we are not responsible for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message.
The messages express the views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of this club. Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by email, using the "report post" option, or "contact us" page. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary.
You agree, through your use of this service, that you will not use this club to post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise violative of any law.
You agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or by this website.
All users of Classic Zcar Club's services (the "Services") agree to and must comply with this Acceptable Use Policy (AUP). Classic Zcar Club does not exercise editorial control or review over the content of any Web site, electronic mail transmission, forum, or other material created or accessible over or through the Services. However, Classic Zcar Club may remove, block, filter, or restrict by any other means any materials that, in Classic Zcar Club's sole discretion, may be illegal, may subject Classic Zcar Club to liability, or which may violate this AUP. Classic Zcar Club may cooperate with legal authorities and/or third parties in the investigation of any suspected or alleged crime or civil wrong. Violation of this AUP may result in the suspension or termination of either access to the Services and/or Classic Zcar Club account or other actions as detailed below. This AUP should be read in conjunction with our other policies all of which are posted on our website at www.classiczcars.com.
The following constitute violations of this AUP (this list is intended to be illustrative and not exhaustive; other uses may violate the AUP and Classic Zcar Club remains the sole and final arbiter of acceptable usage of its Services):
a. Illegal use: Using the Services to transmit any material (by email, uploading, posting, or otherwise) that, intentionally or unintentionally, violates any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder.
b. Harm to minors: Using the Services to harm, or attempt to harm, minors in any way.
c. Threats: Using the Services to transmit any material (by email, uploading, posting, or otherwise) that threatens or encourages bodily harm or destruction of property.
d. Harassment or Bullying: Using the Services to transmit any material (by email, uploading, posting, or otherwise) that harasses another.
e. Fraudulent activity: Using the Services to make fraudulent offers to sell or buy products, items, or services or to advance any type of financial scam such as "pyramid schemes," "Ponzi schemes", unregistered sales of securities, securities fraud and "chain letters."
f. Forgery or impersonation: Adding, removing or modifying identifying network, message, or article header information in an effort to deceive or mislead is prohibited. Attempting to impersonate any person by using forged headers or other identifying information is prohibited. The use of anonymous remailers or nicknames does not constitute impersonation.
g. Unsolicited commercial email/Unsolicited bulk email: Using the Services to transmit any unsolicited commercial email or unsolicited bulk email. Activities that have the effect of facilitating unsolicited commercial email or unsolicited bulk email, whether or not that email is commercial in nature, are prohibited. Using deliberately misleading headers in emails sent to multiple parties is prohibited
h. Unauthorized access: Using the Services to access, or to attempt to access, the accounts of others, or to penetrate, or attempt to penetrate, security measures of Classic Zcar Club's or another entity's computer software or hardware, electronic communications system, or telecommunications system, whether or not the intrusion results in disruption of service or the corruption or loss of data.
i. Copyright or trademark infringement: Using the Services to transmit any material (by email, uploading, posting, or otherwise) that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary rights of any third party, including, but not limited to, the unauthorized copying of copyrighted material, the digitization and distribution of photographs from magazines, books, or other copyrighted sources, and the unauthorized transmittal of copyrighted software.
j. Collection of personal data: Using the Services to collect, or attempt to collect, personal information about third parties without their knowledge or consent.
k. Reselling the services: Reselling the Services without Classic Zcar Club's authorization.
l. Network disruptions and unfriendly activity: Using the Services for any activity which adversely affects the ability of other people or systems to use Classic Zcar Club Services or the Internet. This includes excessive consumption of network or system resources whether intentional or unintentional. This also includes "denial of service" (DoS) attacks against another network host or individual user. Interference with or disruption of other network users, network services or network equipment is prohibited. It is the user's responsibility to ensure that their system is configured, operated, and used in a manner to avoid excessive consumption of network or system resources. It is the user's responsibility to ensure that their system is configured in a secure manner. A user may not, through action or inaction, allow others to use their system for illegal or inappropriate actions. A user may not permit their system, through action or inaction, to be configured in such a way that gives a third party the capability to use their system in an illegal or inappropriate manner.
m. News: Classic Zcar Club users should use their best judgment when posting to any forum. Many forums have charters, published guidelines, FAQs, or "community standards" describing what is and is not considered appropriate. The Classic Zcar Club can be a valuable resource if used properly. The continued posting of off-topic articles is prohibited. Commercial advertisements are off-topic in most forums, especially regional groups not specifically named for such. The presence of such articles in a forum is not indicative of the forum's "intended" use. Please be familiar with basic "netiquette" before posting to a forum.
n. High Volume, Server Hosting, and non-traditional end user activities: The Services are intended for an end user's periodic active use of email, instant messaging, browsing the World Wide Web, and other typical end user activities. High volume data transfers, especially sustained high volume data transfers, are prohibited.  The Classic Zcar Club maintains the right to terminate any user's connection following the detection of any high volume data transfer, server hosting, or non-traditional end user activity as determined by Classic Zcar Club.
Classic Zcar Club requests that anyone who believes that there is a violation of this AUP direct the information to: webmaster@classiczcars.com.
If available, please provide the following information:
The IP address used to commit the alleged violation
The date and time of the alleged violation, including the time zone or offset from GMT
Evidence of the alleged violation
When reporting an issue regarding unsolicited email please provide a copy of the email messages with full headers which typically provides all of the above data. Other situations will require different methods of providing the necessary information.
Classic Zcar Club may take any one or more of the following actions, or other actions not listed, at Classic Zcar Club's sole discretion in response to complaints:
issue warnings: written or verbal
suspend the Member's account
terminate the Member's account
bill the user for administrative costs and/or reactivation charges, with a minimum administrative cost, if assessed, of $250 per incident
bring legal action to enjoin violations and/or to collect damages, if any, caused by violations.
Our Cookie Policy
The Classic Zcar Club uses cookies and similar tracking technologies on classiczcars.com (and related sites) and our branded-applications for connected devices ("apps"). By using our websites or apps, you consent to the placement and use of cookies and similar technologies on your device.
Cookie Basics
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your web browser that allows the Classic Zcar Club or a third party to recognize you using a unique identifier.
Who sets them: First-party cookies are set by the Classic Zcar Club. Third-party cookies are set by other companies, such as analytics providers and advertisers.
What they do: "Essential" cookies enable services we offer. "Non-essential" cookies help us understand how our services are being used (i.e., analytics) and deliver advertisements. Some cookies may track you across multiple websites you visit (including ones not operated by us) to help deliver advertisements that may be relevant to you.
How long they last: Cookies may be either "session" or "persistent." A session cookie expires (i.e., is deleted) when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains until it expires or you delete the cookies via your browser settings. Expiration dates are set in the cookies themselves and may vary in length, depending on the purpose of the cookie.
When you visit our website(s), the Classic Zcar Club and third parties will set cookies in your browser. Classic Zcar Club sets essential cookies to enable certain features and remember your preferences. For example, cookies keep you logged in, allow you to purchase items, and maintain your language and other settings. Third parties set cookies for both essential and non-essential purposes including analytics (e.g., Google Analytics) and advertising (e.g., Google Adsense).
Changing Your Cookie Preferences
You may limit the cookies set in your browser by taking the steps described below. Note that declining cookies may impact your ability to use our services.
Browser settings: You may change your browser’s settings to delete cookies that have already been set and to reject new cookies. To learn more, visit the help pages of your browser:
Firefox
Chrome
Safari
Microsoft Edge
Internet Explorer
You may also visit our sites in your browser’s "private" or "incognito" mode, in which case cookies will be set, but deleted when you close browser.
Opt-out (EU users): Users from the EU may opt out of non-essential cookies by selecting the option below or changing their cookie preferences in their account settings (registered users only). Upon opting out, we will, to the extent possible, delete any non-essential first-party cookies in your browser and remember your cookie preference for your next visit. Please review your browser settings to remove third-party cookies.
Third party advertising opt-outs: Certain third parties provide ways to opt out of advertising cookies across multiple sites. You can learn more by visiting the sites of the Network Advertising Initiative (https://optout.networkadvertising.org) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (https://www.aboutads.info). In addition, there are third party plug-ins and apps that help manage cookies.
Google cookies: Google provides ways to manage or opt out certain of its advertising cookies (https://adssettings.google.com) and analytics cookies (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). You may read Google’s Privacy Policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Similar Technologies
We use technologies that resemble cookies to help track user activities and preferences. For example, we may use web beacons (tiny graphics with a unique identifier embedded on web pages or emails) to track your activities and communicate with cookies. You cannot opt out of web beacons used on webpages, but you can limit their use by opting out of the cookies they interact with. You can opt out of web beacons used in emails by setting your email client to render emails in text mode only.
Mobile Apps
Our apps (e.g., for iOS & Android) do not use cookies, but may use tracking technologies to, for example, authenticate you as a registered user, allow you to use the app’s features, and help us understand how our apps are being used. You cannot opt out of these mobile tracking technologies, but you may delete your apps and use the web versions of our services instead.
----------------
Classic Zcar Club reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this AUP, and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. Notice of any revision, amendment, or modification will be posted on Classic Zcar Club's website and will be effective as to existing users 30 days after posting same.
All Activity
Home
Important Information
By using this site, you agree to our Terms of Use.
We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better. You can adjust your cookie settings, otherwise we'll assume you're okay to continue.
I accept