http://www.collectiondx.com/page/privacy_policy
Log In
Reviewsby Toy Line
by Series
by Manufacturer
by Category
by Materials
by Year
by Fetish
by Country
by Toy Designer
by Character Designer
Video Reviews
Randomizer
Newsby Manufacturer
ArticlesComic-Con
Summit
Toy Fair
Book Reviews
Movie Reviews
Yahoo Japan Auctions
Show
Blog
AboutFAQ
Contact
Advertise
Link Exchange
Write a Review
Home
Search this site:
Search this site:
Home » About » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: admin@collectiondx.com
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Login or register to post comments
Support CDX when you shop at Amazon!
Recent comments
Some useless trivia...
14 hours 55 min ago
Oh well
7 weeks 2 hours ago
I can attest to the fact that
7 weeks 3 days ago
Wish I'd never sold mine, it
10 weeks 2 days ago
This toy line started life out as an April Fool's joke.
10 weeks 3 days ago
more
New News
News
GX-95 Gordian Warrior info released11.02.20
"Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind" Mehve Glider Set Lands Today on BluefinBrands.com as First of Many Exclusives for Studio Ghibli Fans08.25.20
Soul of Chogokin GX-59R Daltanias Renewal Details07.17.20
Grand Sofubi Bigsize Model Boss Borot from Evolution Toy07.17.20
Great Scott! Transformers-Back to the Future Collaboration Introduces ‘Gigawatt’ Character – Available to Pre-order Now!07.14.20
ALL NEW Power Rangers Lightning Collection Products Revealed!07.14.20
Transformers-Top Gun Collaboration Introduces All-new ‘Maverick’ Robot Character – Available for Pre-order Today!07.14.20
Hiya Toys is pleased to announce
four new figures in its Exquisite Mini line from 2004’s Alien Vs. Predator and 2010’s Predators.06.22.20
Bluefin Kicks-off Hunting Season This October With the Release of Monster Hunter S.H. Monsterarts Creatures Throughout U.S.06.17.20
Premium Bandai Usa Brings Exclusive Gundam Models and Dragon Ball Figures to North America03.04.20
More news >
About
CollectionDX is your source for Reviews, News and Collections of the latest Japanese Toys, American Toys, Robots, Designer Toys and Action figures.
Friends
ToyboxDX
Onell Design
Tformers
Kaiju Big Battel
Super7
Metalrobot
Kuma Style
Explore
Saint Seiya Toys
Power Rangers Toys
Gundam Toys
Voltron Toys
Third-Party Transformers
Iron Man Toys
Indica
CollectionDX, CollectionDX logo and site contents are ™ and ©2020 CollectionDX.comUse of this page constitutes agreement with our Terms of service
Privacy Policy