http://www.smithbrosranches.com/privacy-policy/
search
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Smith Bros Ranches operates http://www.smithbrosranches.com  and may operate other websites. It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Smith Bros Ranches collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Mustang Danny’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Mustang Danny’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Smith Bros Ranches may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Smith Bros Ranches also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on resolutiongeophysical.com blogs/sites. Smith Bros Ranches only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Smith Bros Ranches websites choose to interact with Smith Bros Ranches in ways that require Smith Bros Ranches to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Smith Bros Ranches gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at resolutiongeophysical.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Smith Bros Ranches are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Smith Bros Ranches collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Mustang Danny. Smith Bros Ranches does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Smith Bros Ranches may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Smith Bros Ranches may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Smith Bros Ranches does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Smith Bros Ranches discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Smith Bros Ranches behalf or to provide services available at Smith Bros Ranches websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Smith Bros Ranches websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Smith Bros Ranches will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Smith Bros Ranches discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Smith Bros Ranches believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Mustang Danny, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of Smith Bros Ranches website and have supplied your email address, Smith Bros Ranches may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Smith Bros Ranches and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Smith Bros Ranches takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Smith Bros Ranches uses cookies to help Smith Bros Ranches identify and track visitors, their usage of Smith Bros Ranches website, and their website access preferences. Smith Bros Ranches visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Smith Bros Ranches websites, with the drawback that certain features of Smith Bros Ranches websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Mustang Danny, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Smith Bros Ranches goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Smith Bros Ranches may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Smith Bros Ranches and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Smith Bros Ranches may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Smith Bros Ranches sole discretion. Smith Bros Ranches encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a resolutiongeophysical.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
about us
random posts
Things to Consider When Cleaning a Sink
Factors to Consider When Selecting a Repair Shop
The Causes of Roof Damage
The Best Plumbing Services In Town
How to Pick the Roof Color for Your Home
Floor Sweeping Techniques
recent comments
Recent Posts
Things to Consider When Cleaning a Sink
All You Need to Know About Using SEO Keywords
The Best Plumbing Services In Town
Floor Sweeping Techniques
Factors to Consider When Selecting a Repair Shop
Roofing ContractorDamato of the Day - 2010s: “It’s a Wrap” December 26, 2019The decade now passing was significant in many ways. Rick Damato looks back at how the 2010s impacted the roofing industry along with providing some predictions for the next decade.7 Steps to Attracting more Roofing Customers by Leveraging the Internet December 11, 2019While traditional forms of advertising still work, roofing contractors should be doing all they can to enhance their digital footprint to attract customers.Fatal Falls Forever? December 9, 2019Today's news is full of stories of roofing contractors from every state being OSHA-cited and heavily penalized for willful violations, as well as successfully sued for criminal and civil negligence for failing to provide fall protection for their employees. Why?The New Roofing Recruitment Guide December 5, 2019Attracting and Retaining Talent in 2020 Means Adapting Quickly to Changing Workforce DemandsThere's Still Time to Prepare that Commercial Roof for Winter November 27, 2019Routine maintenance and inspections can prevent costly repairs in the future.My Hero Wears a Dress November 25, 2019With the workforce shortage getting worse, we need to get women more involved in the roofing industry.Wanted: Roofing Contractor Contributions November 22, 2019Share your voice and ideas with the roofing industry through RC's blogging platform and guest columns.Advanced Roofing Inc. Marks Milestone, Hiring 500th Employee Amid Workforce Shortage November 21, 2019Perennial RC Top 100 roofing contractor Advanced Roofing Inc. is using innovative approaches to overcome the roofing industry’s acute skilled labor problem.5 Business-Building Tips for National Customer Service Week, Oct. 7–11 October 4, 2019In honor of National Customer Service Week, ABC Supply Co. is sharing five tips with roofing contractors to improve their customer service skills.Recognizing Talent and Safety Via MVP and Gold Circle Awards Programs September 27, 2019Awards validate your business and help it stand out from the competition. The Roofing Alliance provides two such award programs that should be a part of your marketing strategy. Categories
Cleaning Services
Hiring a Roofer
Online Marketing
Plumbers
Repair Shop
Roof Color
Roof Damage
Recent Comments Archives
August 2019
March 2019
February 2019
July 2017
June 2017
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
Wordpress