http://www.toyoland.com/terms.html
Cars •
Engines •
News •
Site Contents
Toyota engines
Cars, trucks, vans
Forums
Future Toyotas
Toyota history
Upgrades
Toyota plants
Forums
2020 Tacoma
4Runner
Corolla
Toyoland Terms of Service
Acceptance of Terms
ToyoLand.com, a property of Zatz LLC, makes a variety of information and materials available to you on this website, subject to the terms and conditions in this document. By accessing any portion of this site, including downloadable materials or information, bulletin boards, Web pages, and any other material, you agree to the terms in this document (the "Terms of Use.") ToyoLand.com reserves the right to change the Terms of Use; your use of the Sites is subject to the most current posted version of the Terms of Use.
Any additional guidelines posted on individual pages are hereby incorporated by reference into the Terms of Use.
If you breach any of the Terms of Use, your authorization to use these Sites automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any materials or information downloaded or printed from the Sites.
Trademarks used in these sites
The sites refer to a number of brands which are covered by intellectual property laws including trademarks. This includes Toyota, Corolla, Camry, Celica, Prius, Supra, and Consumer Reports. ToyoLand.com and Zatz LLC make no pretentions regarding ownership of these trademarks and are not affiliated with any of the owners of these trademarks. ToyoLand's use of these trademarks is journalistic in nature only, similar to newspaper and magazine articles discussing these products and organizations.
Copyright and license
The materials and information on the sites are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws. Any unauthorized use may violate such laws. Except as expressly provided herein, ToyoLand.com, Zatz LLC, and any other writers or copyright or trademark holders do not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information with respect to the Materials, information, and services.
Except as specifically permitted herein, no portion of the information or documents on the Sites may be reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of ToyoLand.com. This includes, but is not limited to, "reprinting" on the Web, in newsgroups, and in mailing lists.
Except as otherwise indicated elsewhere on these Sites, you may view, download and print the documents and information available on the Sites subject to the following conditions:
The documents and information on the Sites may not be distributed.The documents and information may be used solely for personal, informational, non-commercial purposes.
The documents and information may not be modified or altered in any way.
You may not remove any copyright or other notices contained in the documents and information.
ToyoLand.com reserves the right to revoke the authorization to view, download and print the documents and information available on these Sites at any time. Any such use shall be discontinued immediately upon notice from ToyoLand.com.The rights granted to you constitute a license and not a transfer of title.
The design and layout of these Sites are protected by trade dress and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.
In case of copyright infringement
We do our best to ensure that no copyright laws are broken on this site. If you believe that your work has been used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement on this site, please provide us with a description and identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you believe have been infringed, what material in the Site is infringing upon it (with a URL or page title), and what you would like us to do. You can contact us via this page.
Warranties and disclaimers
All materials and services on these Sites are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or the warranty of non-infringement.
Without limiting the foregoing, ToyoLand.com makes no warranty that (i) the services and materials will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (ii) the materials will meet your requirements, (iii) the results obtained from the use of the services or materials, particularly bulletin boards and information, will be effective, accurate or reliable, and (iv) the quality of any products, services, or information purchased or obtained by you from the Sites will meet your expectations.
ToyoLand.com assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in anything that is referenced by or linked to these Sites. References to other corporations, their services and products, are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
The Sites could include mistakes, inaccuracies, or typographical errors. ToyoLand.com may make changes to these Sites, including the prices and descriptions of any products listed herein, at any time without notice. The materials or services at these Sites may be out of date, and ToyoLand.com makes no commitment to update such materials or services.
In no event shall ToyoLand.com or its suppliers be liable to you or any third party for any special, punitive, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use or profits, whether or not ToyoLand.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use of these Sites or of any web site referenced or linked to from these Sites. Some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from ToyoLand.com or through or from the Sites shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms of use.
These Sites contains links to third-party Web sites that are not under the control of ToyoLand.com. ToyoLand.com makes no representations whatsoever about any other Web sites to which you may have access through these Sites. When you access a non-ToyoLand.com Web site, you do so at your own risk and ToyoLand.com is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice, or statements made on these sites or for the quality of any products or services available on such sites. ToyoLand.com provides these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply that ToyoLand.com endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or uses of such Web sites.
License for supplied information (user content)
Certain services offered on these Sites, such as but not limited to bulletin boards and feedback, accommodate or require user-supplied information or communications (collectively, "Supplied Information"). Depending upon the nature of the Service, by submitting Supplied Information you grant ToyoLand.com one of the following two types of licenses:
1. For Supplied Information such as comments to the bulletin boards, news, or suggestions, you grant
an unrestricted, worldwide, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute such Supplied Information, and you also agree that ToyoLand.com is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose. However, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted such Supplied Information to us if you specifically tell us not to do this.
2. For Supplied Information that is the result of your creative efforts, such as contributed pages, you hereby grant
a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to reproduce and modify (for purposes of formatting, maintenance or Site administration) such Supplied Information. You also grant ToyoLand.com the right to distribute and publicly display and perform such Supplied Information for the purpose for which such Supplied Information was submitted. This license will be in effect until such Supplied Information is removed from the Site.
Prohibited communications
You may only submit, Supplied Information that is (a) owned by you, (b) submitted with the express permission of the owner, or (c) in the public domain. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Sites any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other materials that would violate any law or the rights of others, including without limitation, laws against copyright infringement. You may not "spoof" other users or pretend to be other people.
Management of services and access
ToyoLand.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to delete or remove your Supplied Information and to restrict, suspend or terminate your access to ToyoLand.com, at any time for any reason without prior notice or liability.
ToyoLand.com shall have no liability or responsibility for the deletion or failure to store any information or materials.
ToyoLand.com may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review (i) any areas where users transmit or post Supplied Information, including but not limited to bulletin boards, and (ii) the substance of any Supplied Information.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, ToyoLand.com will have no liability related to Supplied Information arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. ToyoLand.com also disclaims all liability with respect to the misuse, loss, modification, or unavailability of any Supplied Information.
Bulletin boards
In addition to these Terms of Use, users of the ToyoLand.com bulletin boards must agree to any terms posted within the bulletin boards' index pages.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold ToyoLand.com, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post to or transmit through the Site (including, without limitation, any Supplied Information), your use of the Sits, your connection to the Site, your violation of the Terms of Use, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity.
Privacy policy
Cookies
We may use DART cookies for ad serving, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using the advertising, to serve ads specific to you and your interests ("interest based targeting").
The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey).
DART uses non personally identifiable information.
It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.
You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx.
We use third-party companies to serve ads and collect non-personally identifiable information (e.g., the pages you visit, and which links you click, which ads you see and click on, and the categories of search terms you enter) when you visit our web site. These companies may use the information outlined above (which does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies often use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here (link to the NAI universal user opt-out).
Our server automatically logs certain information
which is placed in huge files not accessible to the public. This information is not especially personal and includes IP address (the numeric location of your Internet access point, which is usually an Internet service provider), the page which refered you to our site (if any), your browser and operating system, and other, similar information. We generally do not do anything with this information, but sometimes use summaries of this type of information for planning and server management. This specific information is never shared with people outside of ToyoLand.com.
We do not share e-mail address or other information of people who write to ToyoLand.com with outside companies and do not add people to mailing lists without their explicit consent.
Our forums require certain information to register, including e-mail addresses and names. Again, this information is not shared with outside companies or organizations. However, we do sometimes send a mailing to forum members.
If necessary, that is if faced with a subpoena, court order, etc., ToyoLand.com may be forced to provide information we normally do not share with legal or government authorities.
Amazon
ToyoLand.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
report this ad
Home
• Forum • Toyotas
• Future
• News
• History
• Privacy/Terms
• Contact Us
This Toyota-focused site
copyright © 2000-2020 Zatz LLC.
x
x