http://www.birdguides.com/information/cookie-policy/
Information
Cookie Policy
Cookie policy
Last updated: 8 September 2015
Cookies used to benefit you
BirdGuides uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer, tablet or mobile device when you browse websites.
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you would expect.
Remember your settings during and between visits.
Improve the speed and security of the site.
Allow you to share our content with your friends on social networks like Facebook.
Continuously improve our website experience for you.
Make our marketing more efficient (ultimately helping us to offer the quality content we do at the price we do).
Allow Google Analytics and Google Webmaster Tools to record how many users visit BirdGuides.
Provide relevant advertising to visitors through Google Adwords, Google Adsense Advertising Network, Adtech Advertising Network and Social Media networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, YouTube and Instagram.
Learn how to control your cookies
If you want to find out more about how to control your cookies please visit the links below depending on the web browser you use. However, please do remember if you choose not to receive cookies at any time, BirdGuides may not function properly and certain services will not be provided, spoiling your experience of the website.
Internet Explorer
Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Opera
Please read about the Types Of Cookies Used By Google and if you would like to stop us and other websites using your browsing data to improve your web experience, please install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on.
Latest Rarities
View all sightings
10/12/2020
22:24
Eurasian Penduline Tit
Somerset & Bristol
Details
10/12/2020
20:57
Ring-billed Gull
Cornwall
Details
10/12/2020
20:50
Glossy Ibis
Dorset
Details
10/12/2020
19:40
Siberian Chiffchaff
Cornwall
Details
10/12/2020
19:38
Kumlien's Gull
Cornwall
Details
* Bird News Pro and Bird News Ultimate subscribers receive full sighting details.
Submit your sighting
Have you seen something interesting? Click Submit to share your rare bird sightings via our simple form.
Submit
Start Your Free Trial Today!
Latest Issue
On Sale: 26 November 2020
Subscribe
Buy Now
Top
Back
We value your privacy
We use cookies to improve your experience of this website by remembering your usage preferences, collecting statistics, and targeting relevant content. If you continue to use this site we’ll assume you’re happy to receive all cookies.
I Accept
Review settings