https://www.vekoma.com/privacy-policy
File must exist and be placed inside the assets folder Cookies Let us know which cookies we may place. When clicking ‘Essential cookies’, we do not collect personal data and you help us to improve the site. When you click ‘Accept cookies’ you’ll get an optimal website experience.More about privacy & cookies.
Accept all cookies
Essential cookies Home > Vekoma Rides Manufacturing BV > Privacy policyMenu © 2020 Vekoma Rides Manufacturing B.V. All Rights ReservedSitemapColophonPrivacy policyUser termsTerms & ConditionsCookie settingsPrivacy and Cookie StatementThis is the Privacy and Cookie Statement of the website www.vekoma.com (Website). This Privacy and Cookie Statement provides information on the processing of personal data of the visitors of the Website (Users) by the Vekoma Rides group of companies, with its headquarters located at Schaapweg 18, 6063BA Vlodrop (the Netherlands), hereinafter to be referred to as “Vekoma”.Vekoma respects the privacy of all Users of its Website(s).This Privacy and Cookies Statement applies to the processing of personal data of Users of the Website and online mailings of Vekoma. The data that Vekoma acquires about you are processed with care. In the data processing operations Vekoma complies with applicable European rules and regulations. The details provided by you will be used only to service your request and for further reference purposes. Your details will not be stored and/or used for other purposes. If you have any questions, please contact: info@vekoma.comWhat is a cookie?The Website uses cookies. These are small text files, which your Internet browser automatically places on the computer. Cookies are used to assist us in collecting information associated with the use of the website, such as which web pages are visited and the duration of a user session.Vekoma uses three types of cookies:Necessary cookies: these cookies are strictly necessary to offer the basic functionality of the Website and to remember your cookie settings.Web Analytics cookies: Vekoma will only use these cookies with your consent. If you have not consented to the use of such cookies, they will not be placed.Google Analytics is a web analysis service offered by Google Inc. (Google). Google uses aggregated statistical information to provide Vekoma with an understanding of how users are using the Websites. Google is only allowed to provide this information to third parties if Google has a statutory obligation to do so or to the extent that these third parties are processing the information on Google’s behalf. You can find further information about Google Analytics here and here.Cookies tailoring the website to your interests: Vekoma will only use these cookies with your consent. If you have not consented to the use of such cookies, they will not be placed. These cookies which webpages you have visited most, so that your favorite webpages can be shown on your “Welcome Back” homepage if your revisit the Website.Rejecting and deleting cookiesYou can set up your browser in such a way that no cookies are stored, that you can accept or reject each cookie or such that all cookies are deleted when you close your browser. Useful information for managing cookies can also be found on the informative All About Cookies website. Cookies are stored on every computer you use to visit websites. If you don’t want to receive any cookies at all, you should change the settings on all the computers you use. Please note that if you reject and/or delete cookies, this will also affect the strictly necessary cookies. This may limit the options for using our websites or parts thereof.Please note:Vekoma gives you the option of sharing the information on the websites through social media. You may use the social media buttons for this purpose. When you click on one of these buttons, you will be linked through to the website of the relevant social media party. As soon as you click on these social media websites, they will place cookies. You will find more information on these cookies on their own website: Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter.Changes to the Privacy and Cookie StatementThis Privacy and Cookie Statement may be changed over time. Users of the website are advised to regularly review the Privacy and Cookie Statement for possible changes.This Privacy and Cookie Statement was last changed on 21st of June 2017.