http://www.diner.co.nz/site/misc/privacy/
Home > Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement   Diner.co.nz is electronically published by Cezaa Limited ("Cezaa").
This is a privacy policy for Diner.co.nz.
Dispute Resolution
This is our dispute resolution practice
Disputes will be handled by our customer service representative.
They can be contacted via email at support@diner.co.nz
Our customer service will promptly correct any errors.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Diner.co.nz may utilise cookies.
Data Collection
When visiting Web sites certain information about you and your computer can sometimes be collected. This section explains what information Diner may collect, and how it is used
We collect the following information about our visitors:
Cookies.
Referrer data.
Interaction record.
We collect this information for the following reasons
To allow us to authorise your movements around the site.
To allow you to customise the way you view the site
To account for the number of visitors to each page of our site.
To account for the places where our site is linked from.
We collect the following information about our subscribers:
User name data.
User home information data.
User business information data.
Interaction data.
Referrer data.
Cookies.
We collect this information for the following reasons
Completion and Support of Current Activity
Web Site and System Administration
Research and Development
Affirmative Customisation
Contacting subscribers for Marketing of Services or Products
Authorise movements around our site
Enable us to display better information on our site.
Report an Error
Copyright © 2003
- 2020 Cezaa Limited. All Rights Reserved.
About, Contact, Info for Establishments, Privacy, Terms