http://www.oliverwinery.com/privacy
*COVID-19 UPDATE: Winery hours & operations have changed a bit. What to know before you go »Oliver Winery Privacy PolicyEffective December 2019
We are building a strong tradition of providing outstanding wines, quality products and excellent customer service. To deliver the best service and quality, we work with information that helps us understand what customers want when they visit our site. This website is owned, operated and maintained by Oliver Wine Co., Inc. ("Oliver Winery"). At Oliver Winery, we recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide and how we treat that information.
Our Privacy Policy addresses these concerns, and it is our intent to respond in a timely manner to any requests made related to personally identifiable information. We may update the Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check in occasionally.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
At this webite, you may choose to provide Oliver Winery with information about yourself that is "personally identifiable information." When we use the term “personally identifiable information,” we mean information that is collected in conjunction with your name. Your use of our website may provide other information about you that is not "personally identifiable information." This information is not collected in conjunction with your name.
When you visit and browse our site, we do not collect personally identifiable information unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly, for example, by filling out and submitting an online form.
Occasionally, we provide links to other sites we think you will enjoy, such as social media platforms. You may connect with Oliver Winery through social networking websites, such as Facebook or Instagram. If you initiate such a process, you will be allowing the company (e.g. Facebook) to provide us with information from your profile. Search engines also utilize cookies to track browsing behaviors and create advertising audiences. These sites operate independently of us and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site you visit.
HOW INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
By Asking
We may collect some information from you by asking that you provide it to us via a form. For example, we may ask you for your email address on our website, or require you to provide us with information such as your birthday, so that we may verify you are of legal drinking age. We may ask for a telephone number or address so that we can send you information about Oliver Winery products available near you. Personally identifiable information is collected from you directly and only with your knowledge.
These instances include:
• Shop transactions
When you make a purchase or join an Oliver Winery Wine Club, we ask for your name, address, and contact information so we can send you your order, and so we can contact you if we have a question about your order. We ask for credit card information so we can fulfill your order and so we can provide this information to the company or companies who process your credit card payment.
When you make a purchase or join an Oliver Winery Wine Club via our website, we will also process your credit card. Please check your credit card statement to verify that the charges have been properly processed. We do not share any other information with third parties, except in the case of contact or order information needed to fulfill your order.
• Gift messages
The option to provide a custom gift message during a transaction allows you to send a personal greeting with your gift order. We make no use of the information contained in these greetings except to complete your order as you have requested.
• Account creation
When you create an account on the Oliver Winery website, we ask for your name, address, phone number, email address, and a user name and password. When you are logged into your account at the time of transaction, we use this information to fulfill your orders and to enable timesaving features like express checkout, wish lists, and saved baskets.
Cookies
Like many companies, Oliver Winery uses "cookie" technology. Cookies are information stored on your computer by your browser to save your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. When you login, the cookie tells us whether you visited us before or are a new visitor, and it enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The cookie doesn't obtain any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you. We do use the cookie to help us identify site features in which you have the greatest interest so that we can provide more of what you may want. If you choose, you can set your browser to reject cookies or you can manually delete individual or all of the cookies on your computer by following your browser’s help file directions. However, if you do not enable cookies to be received by your web browser, you may have trouble accessing some of the pages and certain features of our website.
On the Oliver Winery site, we use the following types of cookies:
• Strictly Necessary
Required for the website to function, these cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
• Performance
These allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site through tools such as Google Analytics. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
• Functional
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers, (e.g. Google Recaptcha for authentication) whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Web Beacons
A web beacon is an electronic file on a web page that allows us to count and recognize users who have visited that page. Among other things, a web beacon can be used in HTML-formatted email to determine responses to our communications and measure their effectiveness – for instance, if you get an email from us and click on a link in that email to go to our website. You can generally avoid web beacons in email by turning off HTML display and displaying only the text portion of your email.
Internet Protocol (IP) Address
As you enter our websites, we capture and retain the IP address of the device you are using, such as a personal computer or a mobile device. Mobile service providers may collect device-specific information, such as a unique device identifier, when you use our site.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
Email
If you place an online order on our site, afterward you will receive an email confirmation and, in most cases, an email with package tracking information. We ask you to provide a name, email address, and profile information during the transaction to enable these features. We use this information only to fulfill your request and, in the case of profile information, to help make sure we're sending you the type of email updates and newsletters you want to receive.
When you sign up or opt-in to receive Oliver Winery emails, we'll send you email updates on promotions, products, new releases, and wine information to subscribers only. Unsubscribe links are included in the footer of every email. We're not big fans of spam either, so we never sell or share email addresses with other companies.
We do use email as a means of receiving feedback from our customers, and we encourage you to email us with your questions or comments. We read every email we receive.
Interest-Based Advertising
Oliver Winery, like many companies, participates in interest-based (on-line behavior) advertising. This means that a third party may use technology, such as a cookie or a web beacon, to identify you on our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interest. You may see advertising for Oliver Winery products on other websites based on your browsing behavior across websites.
Third-parties. In only necessary instances, we may share information with companies or individuals that provide us with services. We never sell information to these vendors. These services may include, among other things, helping us to or maintain our customer databases, to prepare and distribute communications, or to respond to inquiries. Entities with which we partner agree to non-disclosure and to protect your privacy with these same guidelines.
We may also share customer information if required by law (e.g., via subpoena or in the course of legal proceedings).
WE NEVER SELL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not, under any circumstances, sell your information for Oliver Winery profit. We do not sell or trade email addresses, information collected during a survey, or specific details about you or your household. We do not release credit card or financial information for use by other companies. We sell wine. We'll stick to that.
For both privacy and security purposes, all transaction information communicated between customers and our website is transmitted in an encrypted format, and all credit card information is deleted immediately after card authorization.
MANAGING YOUR PRIVACY
We provide you with the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding how we collect, use and share your personal information.
By contacting us as described within this Privacy Policy, you may do the following: (1) You may correct, update and delete your account; (2) You may choose to accept or opt out of interest-based advertising through the use of cookies; and (3) You may request access to the personal information we hold about you and that we amend or delete it.
If we need or are required to contact you concerning any event that involves your information, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail.
•
Manage cookies
If you choose, you can set your browser to reject cookies or you can manually delete individual or all of the cookies on your computer by following your browser’s help file directions or using our preference center.
Consumer Data Request Form
•
Unsubscribe correct, update, or delete your Oliver Winery account
To unsubscribe, correct, update, or delete your account, please contact us via phone (812-876-5800) or send us an email.
•
Notice to California Residents
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request a notice regarding the disclosure of your personal information by Oliver Winery to partners for the partners' direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit your request as described in this policy or mail a written request to:
Oliver Winery
ATTN: CCPA
200 E Winery Rd
Bloomington, IN 47404
SECURITY
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to secure your personal information once we receive it, and to help prevent it from being disclosed to individuals who are not described in this policy. While we follow reasonable procedures to try to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect, and we cannot guarantee, and you should not expect, that your information remain secure in all circumstances.
NON-DISCRIMINATION
No person requesting information from Oliver Winery will be discriminated for exercising the rights described in this policy.
WE'RE ALWAYS IMPROVING & HAPPY TO HELP
We're always looking for ways to improve Oliver Winery’s website features and services and to improve the way we communicate our information practices.
As a result, this statement is updated from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
We will never change our policies with regard to releasing information to third parties without first notifying all customers and providing you with the opportunity to "opt-in" for correspondence from other companies.
For questions, comments or assistance with any privacy-related issues, we invite you to send us mail or email or call 812-876-5800. We're happy to help.
Wine is for everyone.The perfect complement to holiday spirit.FA LA LA FLIGHT SHOP NOWDo gift-giving the Oliver way.AT HOME TASTING KIT & MORESHOP NOWEstate Bottled Wines for WinterINDIANA FAVORITESgive localThe story behind Creekbend wines OUR VINEYARDLearn more Get COVID-19 visit details VISITING THE WINERYWHAT TO EXPECT Get our Red Wine Hot Chocolate recipe.WARM UPmake itWine subscription? Yes, please. WINE FROM HOME LEARN MOREOliver Winery's credoHERE'S TO THE UNEXPECTEDWATCH VIDEOStock up for the holidays! $6 SHIPPING SALE SHOP NOWQ&A with Allison ChinBEHIND THE WINEREAD MOREWe connect people through wine.SEE THE STORY UNFOLDFOLLOW
USOur newest look! SOFT WINE COLLECTIONSHOP NOWNow available 7 days a week!CURBSIDE PICK-UPCALL TO ORDER/