http://www.svsp.co.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policysvspadmin2020-02-07T18:40:06+00:00
SVAC Privacy policyWe will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU Privacy and Communications Directive). This includes information submitted voluntarily by you through a form or gathered automatically as you visit this website.
You should not submit any sensitive or private information through this website except through acknowledged secure areas. The owners of this website accept no responsibility for data submitted through insecure areas of this website.
By submitting your contact details to us, we may contact you or send you marketing materials. We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us in the future.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This can include using a “cookie” which would be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening. However, by disabling cookies, or certain types of cookie, you may hinder your user experience on this and other websites, or prevent them from working entirely.
Please note that some cookies may be placed by third party service providers who perform some of these functions (or other services) for us.
As is true with most websites, our server will automatically log data regarding each visit such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system. We may use this information to monitor server errors, server administration or to monitor visitor behaviour. It is not possible for this to be disabled on a per-user basis so you must leave this website if you do not agree to this happening.
This privacy policy applies to this website only and does not apply to any websites that this website may link to.
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should contact us.
This website uses cookies and third party services.
Ok