http://www.angelfire.com/mech/jinsaotome/privacy.html
Jin Saotome's Dangerous Toys Web Site Privacy Statement
updated 12/03/2007
What information does Jin Saotome's Dangerous Toys collect?
Here at JSDT we want to provide you with a useful experience in learning the hobby of customization and enjoying the gallery of custom figures on the site. This being the case, we promise never to distribute any personal information to anyone. We do not ask for any personal information nor require you to sign up before viewing anything on JSDT.
Cookies: A "cookie" is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows a website to recognize you each time you visit. Cookies do not contain any personal information and we do not use them to collect any information. Any cookies you may obtain through the use of our site are limited to our affiliates and advertisers, who in turn have their own privacy policies. Please read their privacy policies upon arriving at their sites as they may request other information to sign up or for you to place an order with them.
Emails: Any email you send to jinsaotome@hotmail.com will be treated as personal information and not distributed to anyone or any company, advertiser, or otherwise outside source other than the owner of this website, me.
Log Files: The Ritecounter placed at the bottom of the main page automatically logs website activity and gathers statistics about the users who come to the site. These logs are created anonymously and do not obtain any personal information.
Child Safety: Because JSDT is a public site we realize minors will have access to it and through the links provided. No personal information is collected from minors and all on-site JSDT content is child-safe, though there may be a gratuitous shot of a female action figure, however all models are fully clothed. Care should be taken by parents when clicking advertiser links or forum links as those sites may request other information to sign up or make purchases that require the user to be 18.
In short we don't give your information to anyone and all visitors here remain anonymous. Your privacy is protected here at JSDT and we appreciate your visits!
Email:
jinsaotome@hotmail.com