http://www.pilotgetaways.com/privacy-policy
Pilot Getaways
Adventure Travel for Aviators
Home
Relaunch
MagazineCurrent Issue
Previous Issues
Article Index
Behind the ScenesMain Report
Woody
FAQs
Advertise
eFlightPlan Archive
BlogsJohn Kounis
Crista Worthy
Reader Getaways
Flight PlanningInternational Ops
Flying to the Bahamas
Aerial toursBorrego Sky Trail
Desert Training Ctr
Los Angeles Basin
Pilot ShopBooks, Charts & DVDs
Order Back Issues
ResourcesAbout Us
Contact Us
FAQs
Site Map
Speak Out
Sponsors
RAF
See Our GPS Location
Give Us Feedback
Tweets by @PilotGetaways
You are herePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy/Disclaimer
This policy applies to the Pilot Getaways website and eCommerce activities conducted through this website. For our privacy policy regarding our iOS application, see our iOS Privacy Policy page.
1. General
Airventure Publishing LLC (dba Pilot Getaways here after referred to as “Pilot Getaways”) is committed to protecting your privacy as further outlined in this policy. As a condition of receiving Pilot Getaways Magazine, you agree to provide Pilot Getaways with certain personal information. This information includes, but not limited to: full name, postal address, phone number and email address, financial information (credit card number, etc., for orders placed with Pilot Getaways) and demographic information (e.g., zip code, postal code, hometown, gender, purchase history information and age). Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may update it from time to time. This privacy policy was last revised on November 12, 2007. Each time you provide us with information, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time. You agree that you are expressly and affirmatively consenting to our use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and consenting to receive mail & emails, as described below in this privacy policy.
2. Changes to Privacy Policy
This policy may be revised over time as new offerings of services are made by Pilot Getaways or as we incorporate suggestions from our users. If we are going to use or disclose your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time we collected the information, you will have a choice as to whether or not we use or disclose your information in this new manner.
3. How Your Information is Used
1. Order and Payment Processing, Customer Service, Credit Card Issuers and Quality Assurance: We use contact information to help us efficiently perform transactions, to deliver the services you have requested, to perform quality assurance, sales analyses and other business analyses, and to contact you in connection with any orders that you have placed with us. We may also provide your contact information to your credit card issuer or to credit card processors for their purposes. No other use of your financial information will be made except to satisfy any law, regulation, governmental request, or judicial order. If you make a purchase through our website, or register with our website, you will provide us with an email address where we, or these service providers, may contact you for the purposes described in this paragraph.
2. Contacting You for Offers and Promotions: You agree, in consideration for the use of the Services provided by Pilot Getaways, to allow Pilot Getaways to use your personal information to send you marketing and promotional materials. Pilot Getaways may also send you marketing and promotional materials that promote third party products or rent or sell your personal information for use by third parties. These materials may include, but are not limited to: newsletters providing you with current information about Pilot Getaways, and promotional offers for goods and services from Pilot Getaways or third parties. You have the option to opt out of receiving these offers at any time.
3. Use of Demographic Information: Pilot Getaways may use your demographic information to perform business analyses or to tailor communications to your interests. We may share anonymous, aggregated demographic information with advertisers and other third parties so that they can tailor their advertisements and communications to the appropriate audience
4. Disclosure to Governmental Entities
Pilot Getaways may disclose specific contact information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with law, to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of Pilot Getaways. Also, your contact information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a merger, acquisition, consolidation, divestiture, or a bankruptcy of Pilot Getaways.
5. Information from Other Sites
Pilot Getaways may place links to other web sites operated by other parties and from time to time may include information and links to third party web sites in our promotional email. Some of these other web sites contain our brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other web sites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other web sites or these other web sites’ business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other web sites. Consequently, the operators of these other web sites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Site. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions.
6. Non-US Users
If you are not a resident of the United States, you understand and agree that Pilot Getaways stores and processes your information on computers located in the United States, and by providing any data to Pilot Getaways, you consent to the transfer of such information to the United States.
7. Security Precautions
Pilot Getaways has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to help protect the security of commerce transactions. We encrypt your contact information and financial information as it travels over the Internet and we store your financial information on our servers in encrypted form. Your information may be transferred to and maintained in whole or in part on computer networks which may be located outside of the state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction in which you reside, and may be stored on equipment or in facilities leased or licensed from third parties. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information and make all commercially reasonable efforts to do so, Pilot Getaways cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. However, once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. This privacy policy does not apply to any information, including such photographs, that you submit for use in publicly available areas. We ask that you do not submit any personal information, including contact information or financial information, for display in public areas, as other people who use the Services will see it. If you submit such information for display in public areas, Pilot Getaways cannot prevent it from being used in a manner that violates the law, your personal privacy or your safety. By submitting such information for display in public areas, you assume the risks and sole liability arising as a result of such information being displayed.
8. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or information that you have submitted to us you can contact us at:
1. Email:
2. Address: Pilot Getaways, PO Box 550, Glendale, CA 91209
About Us
Advertise
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
© 1998-2019 Airventure Publishing, LLC