https://www.theguidesforecast.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Log in / My account
Oregon Fishing Reports
Free Reports
Columbia River
Willamette Valley/Metro
Northwest Oregon
Clackamas & Sandy
Southwest Oregon
Eastern Oregon
Technical Reports
Archived Reports
SW Washington Fishing Reports
Free Reports
SW Washington
Shop
Memberships
Tech Reports
Webinars
Gear
Gifts
Cart
Fishing Tools
Technical Reports
Bob’s Bait Wraps
Oregon Fishing Videos
Oregon River Levels
Washington River Levels
Oregon Tide Tables
Marine Forecast
Bar Observations
Subscribe
One Year Membership – Oregon
One Year Membership – SW Washington
FREE weekly reports
Membership Gift Certificate – Oregon
Membership Gift Certificate SW Washington
All Fishing Products
My account
Help
FAQs
Contact TGF
Lost password
Site Navigation
About TGF
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Log In
Lost password
My account
Menu
YOUR PRIVACY At The Guide’s Forecast, LLP we understand how people feel about their privacy, we are those people too.  Therefore we have created this statement to show our commitment to your privacy.  The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: http://www.TheGuidesForecast.
Information Collected without Your Knowledge The Guide’s Forecast, LLP uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.  Your IP address is used to help gather broad demographic information and other site usage data and is kept for a short period of time.
The Guide’s Forecast, LLP uses browser cookies for site usage information, access to the site for you, our customer, and shopping cart tracking.  The Guide’s Forecast, LLP does not share or sell this information to anyone, EVER.
Information Collected with Your Input The Guide’s Forecast, LLP registration forms require users to give us contact information (like their name and email address).  We use customer contact information from the registration forms to send the user information that is requested and to set up access to our site like our Member’s areas.
The Guide’s Forecast, LLP does not use contact information for future mailings unless specifically stated on that form and requested by the user.
Our site uses order forms for customers to request information, products, and services.  We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers).
Contact information from order forms is used to send orders and information when necessary.  Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services and then it is destroyed.  This information is also captured using third parties, like Google Shopping, Stripe or PayPal.  They have their own policies and can be reviewed prior to using our services.  This information is encrypted and shared to process payments.
Access to information like names and emails may be visible to third-party consultants or companies that provide a service to The Guide’s Forecast.  Automattic, WooCommerce, and Site Ground are companies that are used to host the website or provide software to support operations.  Access may be granted temporarily and then it is removed when the work is completed.
What The Guide’s Forecast, LLP Does with the Information Any personal information (email address, home address, phone numbers, names, etc.) we obtain from visitors/customers will not be sold, traded, or shared with any third party, ever.  All information gathered is used for internal purposes only, always.
Links from The Guide’s Forecast, LLP This site contains links to other sites.  The Guide’s Forecast, LLP does not give them any information and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.  The Guide’s Forecast attempts to warn the user if the user is moving off of The Guide’s Forecast site but may not always.  Please pay attention when in doubt.
CONTACT INFORMATION Should you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact us by visiting The Guide’s Forecast, LLP’s contact page.
Upcoming WebinarsWinter Five Pack Webinar Series
January 5 – Oregon’s 10 best opportunities in 2021
January 13 – Metro Winter Steelhead Techniques
Subscribe NowOregon Membership
SW Washington Membership
Free Reports
New Updates!Donate to SOS $25
Donate to SOS $50
Donate to SOS $100
NSIA Holiday Online Auction
Bob Rees on Fish On Ted Podcast
Say Hello To UsTwitterFacebookTumblr