https://www.apathways.com/privacy-policy/
Homepage
About Us
Our Classroom
Testimonials
In the Media
Media Kit
Our Courses
Our Upcoming Courses
About Our Courses
Course Policies
Military & Corporate Courses
Customized Survival Courses
Handmade Products
Gear & Books
View Cart
Contact
Who we are:
Our website addresses are:
www.apathways.com
www.bushcraftandsurvivalgear.com
www.bushcraftgearbooks.com
www.desertsurvivalskills.com
www.diamondcreekpress.com
www.survivalbushcraftbooks.com
www.survivalskillsandtactics.com
www.urbanskills.net
www.gearforsurvival.net
What personal data we collect and why we collect it?
We collect contact information on those that signup for a course, purchase any of our survival gear, fill out a form on our website, and signup for our newsletters via our website.  This data is collected so that we can either process your course/gear order or communicate with you as per your request.  We do not sell or give out any of the data we collect to third-parties and only use this data for direct communication with our clients and viewers.
Media, Comments & Cookies:
We do not allow media uploads, comments or use cookies on our website.
Contact Forms:
When you fill out a form on our website the information you have provided may be:
stored in a web-based database for our organizational usage.
emailed to our staff using standard unsecure email software and our web server.
emailed back to the address entered in the form showing you what you filled out in an insecure fashion.
stored locally on a computer owned by our staff and web support service providers.
backed up on either local hardrives or on a cloud based backup system.
Embedded content from other websites:
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from existing images on the website.
What rights you have over your data?
If you have entered data in a form on this site, purchased anything from us via our site, or you are listed on our site, you can request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data?
Your data is sent to our staff for evaluation. PayPal information is used to process your course registration and/or to process your gear purchase.  All contact information submitted to us is collected and saved by our staff and may be used/saved in a standard Email Software Address Book, uploaded onto Email Services like MailChimp or Constant Contact, and kept in our company database. Contact information provided to us will not be sold to anyone. If you wish to be removed from our lists, please contact us using the information below and we will promptly remove you.
How we protect your data and our website?
Our website data is protected by our web hosting company on a Linux CentOS 7 Apache server.
Our website is protected by a 256-bit Encryption, SHA-2 Security Certificate verified by RapidSSL.
Our website data including any submitted content is backed up in a multi-tiered cloud based system and backup hardrives done by our web provider services.
Contact information:
Ancient Pathways, LLC
Contact: Tony Nester
Address: Colorado Springs, CO
Email: info@apathways.com
Phone: 928-699-5516
Homepage
About Us
Our Classroom
Testimonials
In the Media
Media Kit
Our Courses
Our Upcoming Courses
About Our Courses
Course Policies
Military & Corporate Courses
Customized Survival Courses
Handmade Products
Gear & Books
View Cart
Contact
Contact Information
Ancient Pathways, LLCColorado Springs, COinfo@apathways.com
Latest News
Ever wondered how to handle a worst-case outing in the wilds with only the clothes on your back and a knife? Each year in North America, there are countless cases of unprepared hikers becoming lost and having to endure an unexpected night in the elements, depending only on their wits and abilities. Written in a… Continue >>>
Newsletter Signup
Receive our wilderness skills emailers, survival school newsletters, and announcements.
Email Address
Subscribe
Copyright©2002-2020. All Rights Reserved. The content of this Outdoor Survival Course and Bushcraft and Wilderness Class website is owned exclusively by Ancient Pathways, LLC. [Flagstaff Arizona]. We specialize in outdoor survival classes, military training, desert survival techniques, survival gear, survival books, outdoor survival equipment, bushcraft, firemaking, and many other outdoor survival adventures. Privacy Policy.
Outdoor Survival, Wilderness and Bushcraft Course Website Designed by Reliable Web Designs.