http://www.filipinoako.com/termsandcondition
Upload
Videos
Ranking
Overall North America South America Europe Asia Africa Australia
Sign In
Username or Email
Password
Remember me
Forgot Password?
|
Create Account
Sign in with:
Create Account
Non-Contestant VideosAnimation, Cartoons, Children, FamilyArts & ScienceComedy, LOL :-)Drama, Acting, TheatricalDocumentary, EducationalForeign, InternationalGamesMovies & EntertainmentOfficial MTVMusic, KaraokePrank VideosPets and AnimalsSportsOthers, Miscellaneous
1st Season Contestants
Terms and Condition
By using or visiting Pwiker website or any of its product, you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions of use including any future modifications, which constitute an agreement between you and Pwiker and to abide by all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Pwiker reserves the right to modify or amend this agreement without notice at any time. Your continued use of the site and/or Pwiker Services following any modification constitutes your acceptance and agreement to be bound by the agreement as so modified. If you do not agree to any of the terms and conditions and to abide by applicable law, you must immediately leave the site and discontinue your use of Pwiker Site and Services. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits. This agreement shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Pwiker Site and Services or are a subscriber or a member. Pwiker may terminate your subscription or membership at any time, even without warning. These terms will remain in effect even after subscription or membership is terminated. Use of Pwiker Site and Services is limited to users 13 years of age and older, with permission of parents or legal guardian if less than 18 years of age. You affirm that you are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms and Conditions of Use, and to abide by and comply with these Terms and Conditions of Use. If the performance is from a person/s under the age of 13 years of age, the account should be owned by the parents or legal guardian. Any registration information you submit to create an account must be accurate, complete and kept updated. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and are responsible for all use of your account. You agree not to use the username, email address or password of another user at any time.Your account and uploaded videos should not contain unlawful, offensive, pornographic or includes nudity, harassing, threatening, harmful, abusive, violent, tortuous, defamatory, invasive of another's privacy, publicity, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, contract or other rights, false or misleading, obscene, vulgar, libelous, hateful or discriminatory, violations of other's rights, harass or harm another person, exploit or endangers a minors and no form of advertisement and promotion of any particular brand whether intended or not. Pwiker Company reserves the right to remove commercial content in its sole discretion. You are responsible for all content that you upload, transmit, post, email or otherwise make available on, through or in connection with Pwiker Services. Pwiker does not control the user content posted by users via Pwiker Services and, as such, you understand you may be exposed to offensive, indecent, inaccurate, or otherwise objectionable content. Pwiker assumes no responsibility or liability for this type of content. Pwiker chooses in its sole discretion to monitor the services provided. Pwiker nonetheless assumes no responsibility for User content and assumes no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate user content and no responsibility for the conduct of any user. Pwiker reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in Pwiker's sole discretion, violates this terms and conditions, including but not limited to, terminating their user account and/or reporting such user content, conduct, or activity to law enforcement authorities. Although Pwiker will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of Pwiker or others due to such unauthorized use.Unless explicitly allowed by Pwiker Services or approved by Pwiker with prior written authorizations, you agree not to distribute in any medium any part of the Service or the content thereof. You may share the videos with everyone but you may not reproduce, duplicate, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, display, sell or otherwise use any content of Pwiker Site and Services without the express written consent of Pwiker. You acknowledge, consent and agree that Pwiker may access, preserve or disclose information you provide, including User content, when Pwiker has a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is necessary to protect or defend legal rights or property of Pwiker and all affiliates and employees, agents and contractors, protect the safety and security of users of Pwiker Services or members and protect against fraud or for risk management purposes or comply with applicable laws.You agree that your use of the services shall be at your sole risk. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Pwiker, its officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the services and your use thereof. Pwiker makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this site's content and assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our services, any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our services, any bugs, viruses, Trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through our services by any third party, and/or any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the services. Pwiker, does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the services or any hyperlinked services or featured in any banner or other advertising, and Pwiker will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services. As with the purchase of a product or service through any medium or in any environment, you should use your best judgement and exercise caution where appropriate.In no event shall Pwiker, its officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any, errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever resulting from your access to and use of our services, any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, any interruption or cessation or transmission to or from our services, any bugs, viruses, Trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through our services by any third party, and/or any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the company is advised of the possibility of such damages. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction. You specifically acknowledge that Pwiker shall not be liable for content or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk or harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you.To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Pwiker, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from your use of and access to the service, your violation of any term of these terms, your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or any claim that your content caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms and Conditions of Use of the Service. PWIKER
BAKIT NGA BA MAHAL KITA Kapag ako ay nagmahal
Isa lamang at wala nang iba pa
Iaalay buong buhay
Lumigaya ka lang, lahat ay gagawin
Tumingin ka man sa iba
Magwawalang-kibo na lang itong puso ko
Walang sumbat na mar... Read more
Mexican girl wrongly sent to US returns to celebration GUANAJUATO, Mexico (AP) — A 14-year-old Mexican girl who was taken by authorities and sent screaming to live in the United States was returned home Wednesday after DNA tests showed she is not the... Read more
California's Venice Beach seeks topless sunbathing Venice Beach, a California town known for its laid-back style in an already laid-back state, wants women on its shores to be able to go topless.
In doing so it cites what it calls links with Europ... Read more
Three more women say Bill Cosby drugged, sexually assaulted them By Dana Feldman
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Three more women on Thursday accused Bill Cosby of sexually abusing them decades ago, as the veteran comedian gets ready for the final show in his U.S. come... Read more
VB: Harper loves her brothers Victoria Beckham says her daughter Harper is "a little tomboy".
The former Spice Girl has the three-year-old with husband David. The couple also have three sons and Victoria revealed her little gi... Read more
Latest Public Star Photos
Social Media Like Us on Facebook
Subscribe Feeds
Follow Us
Your advertisement here!
Please advertise at this fastest growing and exciting site and let your brand grow and be seen here. Please contact sales[at]pwiker.com for more information. Thank you and have a wonderful day! From your ticket to stardom, PWIKER
Home Videos Ranking Contact us
FAQ Merchant List Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2015 Pwiker Worldstar. All rights reserved Developed by: Sunecai