http://www.gunsgunsguns.com/privacy.htm
ALL RESOURCES ABOUT GUNS
Home > Privacy
Privacy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails (The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions)
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Questions?
If you have any questions or comments, you can send them from the feedback page.
Popular Gun Pagesremington ammo | shooting times | free online hunting games | ammunition reloading | thompson center barrels | gun game | florida gun shows | gun holsters | bullets for sale | shooting clays | air guns | winchester ammo | deer hunting | concealed carry permit | shooting bench | clay shooting | gun trader | gun control | gun pictures | best shooting games | shooting supplies | federal ammunition | 10 22 stocks | wolf ammo | shooting games | gun shooting games | machine guns | gun safe | target shooting | gun store | black hills ammo | gun values | gun prices | ammo storage | airsoft gun
Which of the following is NOT one of the "Three Ws" that should be included in every hunting plan?What firearm you are hunting with.Who you are with.When you are returning.Where you are going.   What technique can be described as "slow, patient movement of the hunter into shooting position after game has been located"?Stand HuntingStalkingDrivingStill Hunting   Which species is there federal hunting laws for?Wood DuckRing-knecked pheasantSnowshoe hareWhite-tailed Deer   Which field carry provides the most firearm control?Two-handedCradleTrailSling   Which choice is NOT recommended when approaching downed wildlife?Approach quietly from behind.Poke animal gently with a stick.Touch the eye gently, if there's no reaction, animal is usually dead.Shoot it again before approaching to make sure it is dead.   What is the technique known as "driving"?One hunter sitting in a blind waiting for game to come along.One hunter moving slowly and patiently into shooting position after game has been located.One or more pushers walk through an area trying to move game ahead of them into areas wehre blockers are waiting.One hunter driving a vehicle and a second hunter in the back set shooting through the open window.   Scouting an area you want to hunt should include:Walk around the area on opening day with your firearm or bow.Walk around the area looking for animal movements and signs.Look at maps and aerial photos of the area.Answers B and C.   Which of the following is NOT a reason why you should develop a hunting plan for every hunt?So friends and family know how to contact you in case of emergency.So you can use your hunting plan to start a fire if you get lost.So fellow hunters know where you are located.So friends and family know where you can be found in case of a hunting accident.   Which of these items should be on every checklist included in your hunting plan?Hunting licenseDecoysArrowsTreestand   Which of these does NOT violate a hunting safety rule?Carrying a loaded firearm in a vehicle.Keeping your finger on the trigger while stalking game.Two hunters shooting at the same game.Identifying what lies beyond an identified target.
About Guns Guns Guns • About Chuck • Privacy • Add URL • Feedback
© Copyright 1996-2011 •