http://www.pedfast.com/privacy.html
Toll Free : 800 - 746 - 9364 | Phone : +1-815-806-2130
PedFast Technologies&Trade
Orders
Support
Downloads
Contact Us
myPedFast™
Home
Our Programs:
The Breeder's Standard® 2021
iPed™ 8G 2021 for Windows
The Cattery's Standard™ 2021
Hide My Secrets™ 2020
NETigree® III 2019
Pedcasso™ 2019
PedCabinet™
iPed™ for the Mac
Equestrian's Standard™ 2016
The Breeder's Standard® .NET
The Cattery's Standard™ .NET
WikiPedigrees™
Pedigree Power Packs™
The Scoop™
CompuPed® Millennium
The Groomer's Helper™
SupportPack™
SupportValet™
PedFast Technologies™ Privacy Policy
We have received many questions from concerned persons regarding our policies regarding the use of your personal information, which is asked for at various places on this site. We have had a policy in place since 1996, when we started to collect such information. Here is our detailed personal information policy:
Unsolicited E-Mail
It is the policy of PedFast Technologies never to engage in unsolicited bulk E-Mail ("spam") for any reason, at any time. We have never done this and never will.
It is the policy of PedFast Technologies never to engage in the purchase or other acquisition of an Internet Bulk Mail list from any third party.
Usenet
The USENET news groups were created for the interchange of information between people, not for the enrichment of those who think of it as one massive electronic billboard. This disgusting use of newsgroups has resulted in a desecration of one of the finest free-speech forums in this land, with material that is largely objectionable, and sometimes illegal. We will never post a commercial response or message to USENET under any circumstance.
E-Mail Newsletter
PedFast Technologies publishes a newsletter via electronic mail. There are two ways your e-mail address can be added to this list. They are:
Filling in your name and e-mail address in the spaces provided on our home page, and clicking the "Subscribe" button.
Downloading a 14-day trial of any product offering such a trial. In addition, we always send out this newsletter from a valid address at one of our domains, and we always identify the contents of the newsletter clearly in the subject line.
Personal information andYour Valuable Privacy
Some of our download pages collect personal information about you, such as name, address and phone, as well as your operating system and e-mail address. We may also collect your IP address and ISP domain name. Some of this information may be required to obtain downloaded software.
It is the policy of PedFast Technologies never to sell, rent, lease, give away or otherwise divulge any personal information submitted to us on the Internet to any third party, except when required by law enforcement authorities or a court of law to do so, and then only when properly served with a valid and verifiable subpoena or search warrant. We may provide your information to third parties who resell our software products, or who provide support services. We will honor your requests not to do so.We may call you to ask about your product experience with us or to ask you to buy the product if you downloaded a trial copy. We will honor your requests not to do so.We may send you information about our products and services via regular mail. We will honor your requests not to do so.
Cookies
We use, not abuse, cookies.
Persons who click on an ad banner to reach our site will get a "cookie", a small data file, on their machine.  This cookie contains nothing other than information to help our computer know whose site you came from.  We pay some parties who show our ad banners by the number of people who click on them and/or buy our products.Our cookies do not contain your name, credit card information or address -- ever.  All of our cookies expire in 24 hours.
DownloadedFiles
All files offered for download from this web site have been virus-checked using McAfee products. We strongly believe in protecting us both from insidious programs.
Our Customer and Prospect Lists
It is the policy of PedFast Technologies never to sell, rent, lease, give away or otherwise divulge the personal information of its customers or prospects.
We may send you information about our products and services via regular mail. We will honor your requests not to do so.
Using other U.S. Mail Mailing Lists
PedFast Technologies engages in buying and/or leasing other companies' mailing lists, but shall not do so from any party whose Internet operations do not adhere to a strict no-spam, no-porn policy. We mail product literature and advertisements via U.S. Mail only to those persons on these lists. These other companies must also remove from their mailing lists any person who does not wish to receive mail from other companies, as required by U.S. Law.
We will only purchase lists for regular mail, never for mass e-mail on the Internet.If you receive a mailing from us, and want to be excluded from our future mailings, we will honor such a request. We generally lease other companies' mailing lists, which means that we can mail only once to you from that list unless we lease the list again. However, you could easily be included on several mailing lists we lease.
We consider it a privilege to serve you. We have designed these policies to ensure that all people can feel safe that we will not disseminate their valuable private information to others, and that we will never, ever sell that information to third parties.
Sincerely,John F. Tamburo, CEOPedFast Technologies
PedFast Technologies™
Orders
Support
Downloads
Contact Us
myPedFast™
Home
Copyright © 2020 by Pedfast Technologies. All Rights Reserved.Copyright/Terms | Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter