http://www.6thbeeston.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Jump to content
Jump to navigation
Search
Sitemap
This policy sets out the terms and conditions for the use of the 6th Beeston Scout Group’s web site, web pages and governs data collection and usage. By using the 6th Beeston Scout Group website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
1. Contact Details
1.1 This web site is operated by 6th Beeston Scout Group (6th Beeston) and is a part of the Scout Association (SA) which is a Youth Organisation incorporated by Royal Charter (for more information visit www.scouts.org.uk).
1.2 If you have any queries relating to the use of this web site, please email webmaster@6thbeeston.co.uk
2. Data Protection and Privacy
2.1 6th Beeston and the SA recognise that your privacy is important to you. 6th Beeston aim to adhere to the Data Protection Act 1998 and the SA is registered with the Information Commissioner under the Data Protection Act 1998. 6th Beeston are committed to respecting your online privacy. We will apply appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information you share with us. The information you submit will be kept confidential and with the highest standards of security once it reaches us.
2.2 Any personal information provided by you to 6th Beeston through your use of this web site will only be used for the following purposes by 6th Beeston:
2.2.1 Updating and enhancing membership records and those of other related SA activities;
2.2.2 Defining areas of interest to you and improving the web site to meet users’ habits and requirements and compiling information relating to users’ movements across the web site;
2.2.3 Advising you of other products or services, which may be of interest? Any personal information received from you will be retained by us and not sold transferred or otherwise disclosed to any third party, unless such disclosure is required by law or other court order. We shall also give you the opportunity to remove yourself from any of our mailing lists at any time.
2.3 Some of our web pages use cookies and other tracking technologies. A “cookie” is a small text file that may be used for example to collect information about web site activity. Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol addresses; browser software and operating system types; dates and times that our site is being accessed. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our web site and your web experience. By proceeding to register with this web site, you consent to the terms and conditions herein and to 6th Beeston processing of your personal data for the purposes set out above.
2.4 This data protection and privacy policy statement relates solely to the information provided by you on 6th Beeston websites. This information includes your registration details, any additional information you choose to submit and the information 6th Beeston gathers by tracking your movements across the web site.
2.5 When registering for on-line services you may be able to set a personal username and will choose a password for subsequent access to these services. The services and information available to you will be governed by the relationship you have with us.
2.6 This privacy policy is not intended to, and does not; create any contractual or other legal rights.
3. Copyright
3.1 These web sites and associated content is strictly © Copyright of 6th Beeston Scout Group and is intended for Scouting use only. All rights are reserved.
3.2 All intellectual property and copyrights in the design and layout of this web site and the material and information published on its pages are vested in the 6th Beeston. You may not copy any part of this site or do any other act in relation to any part of the site that is prohibited by copyright other than the following:
3.2.1 You may print or download to a local hard disk any page, for your personal and non commercial use only.
3.2.2 In material issued to third parties you may quote from this site provided that you give due accreditation to the author and to the 6th Beeston.
3.3 Permission to use or reproduce any of this material in any manner other than those listed in 3.1 should be directed to 6th Beeston.
4. Linking Policy
4.1 We welcome inward links to the 6th Beeston websites but not without our prior written consent. All links must be appropriate and relevant in the context of 6th Beeston and must not give the impression that 6th Beeston is in any way associated with or have approved such other site. If you would like to set up a link to 6th Beeston sites please email webmaster@6thbeeston.co.uk and we will endeavor to confirm permission.
4.2 Certain links in this web site will lead to web sites that are not under the control of 6th Beeston. When you activate these you will leave this web site. 6th Beeston has no control over and accepts no liability in respect of materials, products or services available on any web site which is not under the control of 6th Beeston. 6th Beeston is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by 6th Beeston of the site.
5. Disclaimer
5.1 The material and information contained on this website are for general information purposes only. You should not rely upon the material or information on the website as a basis for making any business, legal or any other decisions. Whilst we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, 6th Beeston makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such material is therefore strictly at your own risk.
5.2 To the extent not prohibited by law, in no circumstances shall 6th Beeston be liable to you or any other third parties for any loss or damage (including, without limitation, damage for loss of business or loss of profits) arising directly or indirectly from your use of or inability to use, this site or any of the material contained in it. The views expressed in this website are not necessarily those of the SA.
6. Indemnity
6.1 You agree to indemnify and to keep 6th Beeston indemnified from and against any costs, claims, demands, expenses and liabilities suffered by 6th Beeston arising from or which is directly or indirectly related to your access to and/or use of the web site and/or any other person or entity’s use of the web site where such person or entity was able to access the web site using your password.
7. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
7.1 These Terms and Conditions are governed and will be interpreted in accordance with English courts. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any claim or dispute which might arise out of or in connection with these terms and conditions.
8. Changes to the Terms and Conditions
8.1 We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting revisions on the site.
This Statement
This statement was created and posted on 27th February 2005 and replaces any existing statement with immediate effect. If you have any queries about the above please email webmaster@6thbeeston.co.uk
Join Scouting
Recent News
NESST hike – January 2017
4 Feb 2017
6th Beeston Carol Concert
21 Dec 2016
A Very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
21 Dec 2016
Beavers visit the new light show on the church
28 Nov 2016
Beaver Sleepover Nov’16
25 Nov 2016
100 Years Cub Camp – at The Oaks Charnwood, July 2016
12 Jul 2016
TweetsFollow Us
6th Beeston Scouts
@6thBeestonScout
Jun 21
Sunset over #cub #camp... but no sign of the #cubs who are off playing a wide game somewhere! #iScout #SWNotts… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Reply
0
0
6th Beeston Scouts
@6thBeestonScout
Mar 5
Thoroughly enjoying @NottsScouts #Gangshow2019 A very professional show from a cast of 200 young people including 3… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Reply
0
1
View more tweets