http://www.cachalotalumni.org/about/privacy.php
A
A
A
A
Home
About
Museum
Gallery
Membership
The Cachaletter
Forum
Links
Welcome! Click here for help using this site.
FAQ • Our Bylaws • Executive Committee • Scholarship • Projects • Project Fund • Press Releases • Calendar • Wall of Fame • Contact Information
Museum Entrance • A Brief History of Cachalot
Browse Through the Album • Contribute
Membership Info • Membership Form • Join Online
About the Cachaletter • Current Issue • Past Issues • Be a Contributor
Forum FAQ • Search • Usergroups • Register • Edit Profile • Log in for your private messages • Log in
Camp Cachalot • Narragansett Council, BSA • Boy Scouts of America
Our Privacy Policy
A Scout is Trustworthy...
All the information we collect from you will be for statistical and
demographic purposes only. We will not give out your information or sell
it to others. Further, the only things we email you will be things you
explicitly ask for (like a password reminder), mailing lists that you
sign up for, the newsletter, or notifications about your account status.
The Information We Gather
If you do not sign up as a member of our forums or to manage your membership
in the Assocation online, the only information we collect is the internet
address that you connect from, which we use only to gather statistics about
our web site and which does not identify you personally.
If you do sign up for our forums, we collect an email address. Our forums also
allow you to provide other information including your ICQ number, AIM address,
MSN Messenger ID, Yahoo! Messenger ID, your web address, your location, occupation,
and interests. We do not use this information in any way. Posts in the forums also
record the IP address the post originated from, this information is available to
forum moderators and administrators but not to other forum users.
You have a preference in your forum profile that will prevent others from seeing
your email address. You can prevent others from seeing any of the optional information
simply by not providing it.
As our forums collect personally identifying information, to comply with
the COPPA Act we do not allow users under the age of 13 to register to
post in our forums. Any attempts to circumvent this policy will result
the the deletion of the under-13 user's forum account. Parents who find
that their under-13 children have registered for our forums are
encouraged to notify our forum administrator at forumadmin@cachalotalumni.
org and we will delete the account and any personally-identifying
information promptly.
Who We Provide Information To
No one! We do not give, sell, or otherwise provide any of your information to
anyone else.
Exceptions
We will release specific information about you or your account to comply
with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute
or court order.
In the unlikely event that the Association dissolved, all our records would revert to
the Narragansett Council, BSA,
or its successor council, for archival purposes only.
Other
We feel it's also important to note that, while we do attempt to identify the
people in our pictures, we will not identify anyone currently under the age of 18
by their full name, only by their first name. While this affects very few of our
"historic" pictures, it can affect pictures of recent activity out at Cachalot,
including recent staff photographs.
Questions, Anyone?
If you have further questions concerning our Privacy Policy, please
don't hesistate to contact us by emailing info@cachalotalumni.org.
Web site design and maintenance by Dennis J. Wilkinson, II.
All content copyright ©2004- by the Camp Cachalot Alumni Association, except where otherwise noted.
This page was last modified on Thu Jan 2nd 2020.
Site look odd? Your browser may not be up to date. See the note on the main page.