https://www.breauxvineyards.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Top Winery & Tasting Room in Loudoun VA | Breaux Vineyards
Menu
Home
Weddings
Weddings Services
Past Weddings
Wedding Venues
Events
Breaux Winery Events
Live Music at Breaux
Virginia School of Wine
Gallery
Cellar Club
About
The Staff and Family
History of Breaux Vineyards
Awards & Ratings
Reviews
Wine Industry Services
Careers
From The Vine
Contact
Upcoming Events
10.10.2020
- Ginny Blair
10.18.2020
- Live Music with Jamie Gregory
10.23.2020
- Live Music with Ken Wenzel
10.24.2020
- Harvest Celebration
10.25.2020
- Harvest Celebration
10.25.2020
- Melissa Quinn Fox Trio
11.14.2020
- Ginny Blair 11/14
11.15.2020
- Nebbiolo Vertical Tasting
View All Events
Make a Reservation
Shop Breaux 540-668-6299 Request Info Cellar Club Login
Home
Weddings
Weddings Services
Past Weddings
Wedding Venues
Events
Breaux Winery Events
Live Music at Breaux
Virginia School of Wine
Gallery
Cellar Club
About
The Staff and Family
History of Breaux Vineyards
Awards & Ratings
Reviews
Wine Industry Services
Careers
From The Vine
Contact
540-668-6299 Visiting Breaux
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature. When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes. Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. To quickly process your transactions. To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?” section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term “outside parties” does not include our business. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue. Online Policy Only This online privacy policyapplies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Quick LInksPast Weddings
Events
Shop Our Wines
Visiting Breaux
Cellar Club
Contact Breaux
Breaux Vineyards,
36888 Breaux Vineyards Ln,
Purcellville, VA 20132
540-668-6299
Sign up for Our Mailing ListPlease provide your email to sign up for our mailing list
Email
Privacy PolicyHours of Operation Monday-Friday: 11am to 6pm
Saturday-Sunday:11am to 6pm
Closed on New Year's Day, Easter, Thanksgiving and Christmas Day. In cases of severe weather, please call the vineyard to check hours of operation.
Latest Reviews
Event Calendar
October 2020
Sun
Mon
Tue
Wed
Thu
Fri
Sat
1
2
3
4 5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18 19
20
21
22
23
24
25 26
27
28
29
30
31
Connect With Us
© 2020 Breaux Vineyards, Ltd, Purcellville, VA. All Rights Reserved. Breaux Vineyards is a Registred Trademark of Breaux Vineyards, Ltd