http://www.clickertraining.com/privacy?source=footkpct
Have Questions? | 1-800-47-CLICK
Dog Training
Cat Training
Other Animals
Store
Video
Library
Academy
ClickerExpo
The Ranch
Consulting
Find a Trainer
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use Agreement
Welcome to our
website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to
comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which
together with our privacy policy govern Karen Pryor
Clickertraining’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The terms “Karen
Pryor Clickertraining” or “KPCT” or “clickertraining.com” or “us” or “we” refer
to the owner of the website whose registered office is 49 River Street #3, Waltham,
MA 02453. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Overview
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and
use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness, or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services, or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, and graphics.
Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing with KPCT, the products, services, or information available through this website are for your personal and non-commercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or services
All trademarks reproduced in this website that are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that
we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s), with the exceptions of clickerexpo.com and karenpryoracacdemy.com, which are also owned by KPCT.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website
is subject to the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Acceptance of Terms
Clickertraining.com (hereafter, “the Site”), including all
site-related content, products, and services is provided by KPCT. Your use of
the Site is subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth
in this Terms of Use agreement (“Terms of Use”), and any additional guidelines
or other terms posted by KPCT.
We reserve the right to update or modify the Terms of Use
without advance notice, by posting a revised Terms of Use to this website.
Visitors to the Site can determine whether the Terms of Use has been modified
since their last visit by checking the “Last updated” legend at the top of the
Agreement. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by the version of the Terms
of Use then in effect. KPCT advises you to print and retain a copy of this
Terms of Use in hard copy as a record.
KPCT may deny service to you
at any time and in its sole discretion,
in the event you do not adhere to the Terms of Use.
The Blog
The Site contains a community discussion feature commonly
known as a Blog. With the Blog, KPCT seeks to provide a forum to advance
progressive ideas and policies on animal-related behavior and training—not to
advance the interests of any particular person, persons, or organization.
Blog Submissions
You are welcome to post ideas and views to the Blog, provided
that you agree to comply with the Terms of Use. Please be aware that in order
to operate the Blog or redistribute materials you post to the Blog or otherwise
submit to us, we require certain rights to those materials. By posting to the
Blog or otherwise transmitting to us comments, pieces, ideas, or other
information in any form, including visual or audio data, (collectively,
“Submissions”), you grant to us and our designees a worldwide, non-exclusive,
sub-licensable, assignable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right
(including any moral rights) and license to use, reproduce, distribute, create
derivative works based on, perform, and display such Submissions (in whole or
in part) in any media now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose
whatsoever, without compensation to you or any other provider of the Submissions.
You also permit any Blogger to access, display, view, store, and reproduce such
Submissions for personal use.
You acknowledge that to the extent that you include
personally identifiable information in Submissions, we may republish such
information as part of the content. If we republish your content, we may
provide authorship credit by listing your name as well.
Although KPCT has no obligation to monitor the Submissions,
you acknowledge and agree that we may do one or all of the following: (a)
monitor the Submissions; (b) alter, edit, or remove any Submission in whole or
in part; or (c) disclose any Submissions. This section will survive any
termination or expiration of these Terms of Use.
Blog Community Rules
We have adopted the “Blog Community Rules” set forth below
to create a forum where information and views can be shared in a productive
way. While using the Blog, you agree to adhere to the Blog Community Rules
below.
You agree to:
respect other Bloggers. Please do not threaten, insult, abuse, intimidate, or
harass other Blog users;
use the Blog for your personal use only. Posting entries solely or primarily
to promote your own projects or interests is not allowed.
You agree not to:
post any messages or provide links to any messages that endorse or oppose a
particular political party or candidate for office;
post any private information, or otherwise harvest, collect, or disclose
information, about another Blogger without his or her express consent;
post any content to the Blog that is unlawful, racist, hateful, libelous,
defamatory, obscene, or that intentionally discriminates against or harasses
particular individuals or groups;
post any death threats;
post any content to the Blog that infringes any third-party’s intellectual
property or other rights;
use the Blog for any unlawful purpose, or transmit or otherwise make
available in connection with the Blog any material that would give rise to
criminal or civil liability;
use the Blog for advertisements, chain letters, “spamming,” survey
solicitations, junk mail, or solicitations;
impersonate any person or entity, including any KPCT employees, or falsely
state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
imply that KPCT endorses any of your statements or positions;
transmit any harmful, invasive, or disruptive code or other materials (such
as viruses, worms, or web bugs) through or to the Blog, or otherwise “hack” or
deface any portion of the Blog;
frame or mirror any part of the Blog without our prior written authorization.
Prohibited Content and/or Activity
You must use the Site in a manner consistent with any and
all applicable laws and regulations. The following is a partial list of Content
that is illegal or prohibited on the Site. KPCT reserves the right to
investigate and take appropriate legal action in its sole discretion against
anyone who violates this provision, including, without limitation, removing the
offending Content from the Site and terminating the membership of such
violators. Prohibited Content and/or Activity include:
Content that:
is obscene, patently offensive, or
promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any
group or individual;
harasses or advocates harassment of
another person;
contains nudity, violence, or
offensive subject matter;
involves the transmission of “junk
mail” or “chain letters” or unsolicited mass mailing;
promotes information that you know
is false or misleading, or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is
abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, or libelous;
exploits people in a sexual or
violent manner;
solicits personal information from
anyone under the age of 18;
provides any telephone numbers,
street addresses, last names, URLs, or e-mail addresses, including in your
Member profile;
violates the copyright, trademark,
or other intellectual property rights of any other person;
furthers or promotes any criminal
activity or enterprise or provides instructional information about illegal
activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy,
or providing or creating computer viruses;
solicits passwords or personal
identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users;
or, Activity that
without our prior written consent, involves
commercial activities and/or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes, solicitation
of donations, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
advertises to or solicits any Member
to buy or sell any products or services through the Site. You may not transmit
any chain letters or junk e-mail to other Members. Although KPCT cannot
monitor the conduct of its Members off the Site, it is also a violation of
these rules to use any information obtained from the Site in order to harass,
abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit,
or sell to any Member without their prior explicit consent. In order to protect
our Members from such advertising or solicitation, KPCT reserves the right
to restrict the number of e-mails which a Member may send to other Members in
any 24-hour period to a number which KPCT deems appropriate in its sole
discretion;
attempts any automated use of the
system;
attempts to impersonate another user
or person;
uses the account, username, or
password of another Member at any time, or discloses your password to any third
party, or permits any third party to access your account;
sells or otherwise transfers your
profile;
covers or obscures the banner
advertisements on Forums, or any KPCT page via HTML/CSS or any other means;
or
interferes with, disrupts, or
creates an undue burden on the site or the networks or services connected to
the Site.
You acknowledge that KPCT has the right, but not the
obligation, to modify or remove any Submissions that violate the Blog Community
Rules or that otherwise violate the Terms of Use.
KPCT’s Proprietary Rights and Re-Use Policy
You acknowledge and agree that the information and materials
presented on or through the Site will remain the property of KPCT and its
licensors or providers, and are protected by copyright, trademark, patent,
and/or other proprietary rights and related laws, rules, and regulations. The
materials produced by KPCT (including photographs, graphics, video, and audio
content) are protected by copyright as a collective work or compilation under
the copyright laws of the United
States and other countries. All individual
articles, content, and other elements comprising this compilation and produced
by KPCT are also copyrighted works. You agree to abide by all additional
copyright notices or restrictions contained in any materials produced by KPCT.
The trademarks, service marks, logos, and trade names
displayed on the Site (collectively, the “Marks”) are the registered and
unregistered trademarks of KPCT, KPCT’s licensors and suppliers, and others.
All Marks on the Blog not owned by KPCT are the property of their respective
owners. The Marks owned by KPCT, whether registered or unregistered, may not be
used in connection with any product or service that is not KPCT’s.
Your Additional Representations and Warranties
You represent and warrant to KPCT that (a) you have full
power and authority to enter into this Terms of Use; (b) your Submissions are
original to you or you have obtained all permissions, releases, rights, or
licenses required to grant the rights and assignments granted herein without
obtaining any further releases or consents; (c) your Submissions do not
violate, infringe, or misappropriate any third party’s copyright, trademark,
right of privacy or publicity, or other personal or proprietary right, and do
not contain any matter that is defamatory; and (d) you are 18 years of age or
older. If you are under 18 years of age, your parent or legal guardian must
submit your Submissions on your behalf.
Information Available on or Through the Blog
Some information made available on or through the Blog is
provided by third parties (such as news services) or other Bloggers (such
information is referred to as “Third-Party Content”). The inclusion or
appearance of Third-Party Content on the Blog does not indicate any approval or
endorsement by KPCT of such Third-Party Content, or of any opinion, advice, or
other information made or displayed on the Blog by any user or other third
party. KPCT is not responsible for, and hereby disclaims, any and all liability
that may arise from Third-Party Content.
Links
The Site provides links to other websites and resources.
Because KPCT has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and
agree that KPCT does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any
content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such
sites or resources, or for the availability of such external sites or
resources. KPCT is providing these links to you only as a convenience. KPCT
shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time and in its sole
discretion, to block links from or to the Site through technological or other
means, without prior notice.
Claims of Copyright Infringement
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”)
provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on
the Internet infringes their rights under US copyright law. If you believe in
good faith that materials hosted by KPCT infringe your copyright, you (or your
agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access
to it blocked. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory
requirements imposed by the DMCA; see http://www.loc.gov/copyright/ for
details.
Privacy Policy
All information provided by you or collected by us during
visits to the Blog is governed by our Privacy Policy, which is hereby
incorporated into the Terms of Use by this reference.
Please be aware that if you decide to disclose personally
identifiable information on the Blog or elsewhere on the Site, this information
may become public. KPCT does not control the acts of other visitors to the Site,
so please be cautious when deciding to reveal personal information. If you
believe a Blogger is improperly collecting or using information about you or
other users, please contact us at abuse@clickertraining.com.
Jurisdictional Issues
The Site is controlled and operated by KPCT from its
principal office in the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, USA, and is not
intended to subject KPCT to the laws or jurisdiction of any other state,
country, or territory. Those who choose to access the Site do so on their own
initiative and at their own risk, and are solely responsible for complying with
all local laws, rules, and regulations.
Termination
You agree that KPCT, in its sole discretion, may terminate
your use of the Site or any part thereof, at any time and for any reason,
including if KPCT believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with
the spirit of the Terms of Use. Further, you agree that KPCT shall not be
liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Site,
or any part thereof.
Disclaimers
The Site is provided “as is” without warranties of any kind,
whether express, implied, or statutory. You agree that you must evaluate and
bear all risks associated with the use of the Site, and any reliance on the
accuracy, completeness, or usefulness thereof. To the fullest extent
permissible under applicable law, KPCT disclaims all warranties with respect to
the Site.
The Site may include inadvertent inaccuracies or errors, or
information or materials that violate the Terms of Use (including the Rules of
Conduct above). Additionally, the possibility exists that a third party could
make unauthorized alterations to the Site. Although we attempt to ensure the
integrity of the Site, we make no guarantees as to its completeness or
correctness. In the event that a situation arises in which the Site completeness
or correctness is in question, please contact us with, if possible, a
description of the material to be checked and the location (URL) where such
material can be found on the Site, as well as information sufficient to enable
us to contact you.
Limitation of Liability
The information contained in this Site is for general
information purposes only. The information is provided by KPCT and whilst we
endeavor to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations
or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness,
accuracy, reliability, suitability, or availability with respect to the website
or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the
website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is
therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage
including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any
loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits in connection
with the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites
which are not under the control of KPCT. We have no control over the nature,
content, and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not
necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running
smoothly. However, KPCT takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable
for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond
our control.
Neither KPCT nor any of our affiliates, directors, officers,
employees, or consultants are responsible or liable for any indirect,
incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, punitive, or other damages under
any contract, negligence, strict liability, or other theory arising out of or
relating in any way to the Site and/or materials contained on the Site, any
linked site, or any content or service available through the Site. Your sole
remedy for dissatisfaction with the Site, content, services, or any linked site
is to stop your use of it.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless KPCT and
our directors, officers, employees, and consultants, from and against any and
all claims, damages, losses, costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), and
other expenses that arise out of or from (a) your activities in connection with
the Site; and (b) any violation of these Terms of Use by you, including breach
of any representations or warranties made by you in this Terms of Use.
Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use are governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, USA, without
regard to its conflict of law principles. You agree to submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of any court located in the jurisdiction of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
USA,
and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such
courts, in any matter arising out of or related to the Site or these Terms of
Use. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be unlawful, void, or
for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from
these Terms of Use and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions. KPCT may assign its rights and obligations under these
Terms of Use. These Terms of Use, together with all policies referred to
herein, is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter
herein, and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral
agreements between us with respect to such subject matter.
Questions
If you have any questions or feedback about these Terms of
Use, feel free to contact us at webmaster@clickertraining.com, or write to:
Karen Pryor
Clickertraining
49
River Street #3
Waltham,
MA 02453
» Email this Page
ShareThis
Build a great relationship
Learn more
Sign Up for our Newsletter
Sign up for our newsletters and get articles, new products, events, and exclusive deals sent directly to your inbox!
Sign Up Today!
Log in here
About Us | Wholesalers/Affiliates | For Businesses | For Shelters | For Veterinarians | Privacy Policy | Contact Us