http://www.eberlewinery.com/policies/
Policies
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us on our site.
Contact us at:
Eberle Winery
P.O. Box 2459
3810 Highway 46 East
Paso Robles, CA 93447
info@eberlewinery.com
(805) 238.9607
How information is collected:
We collect addresses of those who communicate with us personally, by phone, via email and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect for survey feedback is used for internal review and then discarded. We use the information to improve the ability of our services, manage the content of our web page, and to notify consumers about updates to our site and products. When you visit eberlewinery.com, our stats package from Google collects some basic information about your browser. Examples are things like what type of browser and operating system are you using; how long did you stay on our site; what pages did you look at. This helps us understand how visitors browse our site, so that we can make your browsing experience better.
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad companies. Upon request we provide visitors with access to contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.
If you supply us with your postal and/or email address:
You may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, or emailing us at the above address, or writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your telephone number:
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders or service they have placed or requested online.
With respect to security:
We have all appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Your payment and personal information is always safe. “DOLLARS ON THE NET offers the highest level of transaction and financial data security, including certified compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). Shift4 works with our merchants to help ensure the security and compliance of their systems. Shift4 has developed 4tify®, which includes TrueTokenization®, 4Go®, and i4Go® to ensure that the merchant's system does not store or process sensitive payment card data, providing the highest level of data security available””
If you feel this site has not followed its stated information policy, we strongly advise you to contact us immediately at the above addresses or telephone number.
Terms of Use
Welcome to our eberlewinery.com. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Eberle Winery, Ltd.’s relationship with you in the context of this website.
The term "Eberle Winery, Ltd." or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the website. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator is acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States.
Wine-Specific Conditions:
Legal Requirements
You must be 21 years of age or older, to order or receive alcoholic beverages from Eberle Winery, Ltd. Receipt of shipments containing alcoholic beverages requires the signature of a sober adult (a person 21 year of age or older who is not intoxicated). Wines purchased from Eberle Winery, Ltd. are not for resale and are for personal consumption only.
Credit Card Charges
Orders are by credit card only. We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express.
Minimum Purchase
No minimum purchase is required.
States Authorized for Direct Shipment
Due to the ever-changing nature of wine shipping laws, we may be able to ship wines, directly or indirectly, to all states except those unlisted on this website. Please go to our shipping page to view current states Eberle Winery, Ltd. Is authorized to ship to - www.eberlewinery.com/shipping/
Shipping Costs
Ground shipping is provided at current market rates. Any specials, sales, or shipping promotions are at Eberle Winery, Ltd.’s discretion and may be revoked at any time. *Note – If the customer selects Fed Ex Air as his or her carrier, the customer pays all shipping charges, regardless of his or her wine club membership or purchase amount.
Wine is a Delicate Commodity
Wine is a perishable commodity. Wine does not like extremes of temperature: hot humid summer and cold winter weather may adversely affect the condition of your wine during shipment. Eberle Winery, Ltd. is not responsible for and will not replace wine that is damaged by extreme weather conditions during shipment. When your wine order is picked up by the common carrier for delivery, responsibility for the wine becomes the responsibility of the purchaser.
Proposition 65
WARNING: Drinking wine, distilled spirits, beer, coolers and other alcoholic beverages may increase cancer risk, and, during pregnancy, can cause birth defects. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov/alcohol.
Returns & Cancellations
We will replace or refund you for any bottle of wine that is damaged or flawed. We ask the customer to return the unfinished portion of the original bottle for replacement. By law, we cannot accept returns of alcoholic beverages unless the product is corked or flawed. We are also unable to accept return of wine that was damaged due to adverse weather conditions during shipment, or wine that is ordered in error. Weather damage may include leakage, freezing, and/or corks pushing. Please send an email to info@eberlewinery.com to arrange for the return of corked or flawed product.
Once the wine is received, we will refund your credit card account for the cost of the wine less shipping and handling. If the original shipment was damaged or flawed, you will receive a full refund, including shipping and handling charges. Please contact us at 805.238.9607 ext. 204 for return instructions.
Delivery Requirements
Federal law requires a signature be obtained from an individual over the age of 21 for all wine shipments. Notes with a signature, left for the delivery companies cannot be accepted as a replacement for an individual signing for the shipment. We recommend that orders be shipped to a business address for prompt delivery. We cannot guarantee the condition of any wine if delivery is not made on the first delivery attempt. Orders that are not delivered on the initial attempt may be held in a facility that is not temperature controlled. All carriers will try three delivery attempts. If unsuccessful, the wines will be returned to Eberle Winery, Ltd. Customers will be notified and will be responsible for all reshipping fees.
Make
a Reservation
Events
Happening Soon
Join
The Club
December 7th, 2020
Per the Stay Home order released over the weekend, Eberle Winery is temporarily closed for tasting reservations. Curbside pick-up is still available and orders can be placed online for a will-call pick-up or by calling the winery.
Wine sales & Pick-Up are available from 10-3 pm 7 days a week unless otherwise noted.
'Tis the Season to Give the Gift of Eberle Wines
$10 Flat Rate Shipping on Gift Packs!
Use promo code HOLIDAY10 at check out.
$10 Flat Rate Shipping on 6 Bottles or More
Use promo code SHIP6 at check out.
The special offer ends Thursday, December 31st at 11:59 PM
Do not apply both codes at check out. If you have a gift pack, just use code HOLIDAY10 to order.