http://www.jimbeam.com/cookie-policy
your Browser is out-of-dateupdate your browser to view this website correctly.Update my browser now×
Cookie Policy
Beam Suntory ("we"; "us"; "our") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information at all times in everything we do.
1. What is cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first party cookies. We also use third party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts.
2. Types of Cookies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:
Verifying that you are of legal drinking age;
Assisting you in navigation and remembering your site preferences;
Assisting in registration to our events, account login, and your ability to provide feedback;
Providing secure online shopping functionality;
Analyzing your use of our products, services or applications;
Assisting with our promotional and marketing efforts (including behavioral advertising);
Optimizing the performance of our website.
Our website is scanned with a cookie scanning tool regularly to maintain a cookie list that is as accurate as possible. We classify cookies in the following categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Social Media Cookies
3.Cookies Management
You can manage your consent to each category of cookies (except strictly necessary cookies) in your Privacy Preference Center which can be accessed here.
Cookie Settings
Your device and your browser may also give you the ability to control and manage the use of cookies. We recommend that you check your browser's help page. Find out how to manage your cookies using the most popular browsers below:
Configure cookies in Internet Explorer
Configure cookies in Firefox
Configure cookies in Chrome
Configure cookies in Safari
4. Further information and how to contact us
Please see our Privacy Policy for more information on how we process personal data and your rights under data protection legislation.
If you would like to contact us about this policy, you can do so by emailing us at dpo@beamsuntory.com