http://www.newclairvauxvineyard.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
We are building a strong tradition of providing quality goods and excellent customer service. Part of achieving this goal involves working with information that helps us understand what customers want when they visit our site.
Information You Provide Us In several areas, we ask you to provide information by filling out and submitting an online form. Following is a list of the information we request, arranged by site location, and details on how we use this information.
Checkout - We ask for your name, address and contact information so we can send you your order, and so we can contact you if we have a question about your order. We ask for credit card information so we can fulfill your order, and so we can provide this information to the company or companies who process your credit card payment.
When you make a purchase or join the Wine Club your credit card will be processed by New Clairvaux Vineyard. Please check your credit card statement to verify that the charges have been properly processed. We do not share any other information with third parties, except in the case of contact or order information needed to fulfill your order. We do not share or sell email addresses.
My Account - When you create an account, we ask for your name, address, phone number, email address, and a user name and password. We use this information to fulfill your orders and to enable time-saving features like express checkout, wish lists, and saved baskets. We do not share or sell this information.
Newsletter - We ask you to provide a name, email address and profile information. We use this information only to fulfill your request and, in the case of profile information, to help make sure we're sending you the type of email updates and catalogs you want to receive. We do not share or sell email addresses.
Gift Cards and Gift Messages - These options allow you to send a personal greeting with your gift order. We make no use of the information contained in these greetings except to complete your order as you have requested.
How We Use Email - After you place an order on our site, you will receive an email confirmation and, in most cases, an email with package tracking information.
We send our Newsletter, our email update on sales, products and wine information, to subscribers only. Unsubscribe instructions are included in each edition of the email. We do not sell or share email addresses with other companies. We do use email as a means of receiving feedback from our customers, and we encourage you to email us with your questions or comments. We read every email we receive.
Links To Other Sites - Occasionally we provide links to other sites we think you will enjoy. These sites operate independently of us and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.
About Information We Share With Others - We do not, under any circumstances, share or sell your information to anyone.
Information We Do Not Share With Others - We do not share, sell or trade email addresses, information collected as part of a survey, or specific details about you or your household.
We do not contribute to or participate in shared or cooperative databases, which give other companies access to your personal information. We do not release credit card or financial information for use by other companies.
For both privacy and security purposes, all transactional information communicated between customers and our Web site is transmitted in an encrypted format, and all credit card information is deleted from our servers immediately after card authorization.
How To Remove Your Name From Our Mailing List - Email us at mail@newclairvauxvineyard.com.
Updates To Our Information Practices - We're always looking for ways to improve our site's features and services and to improve the way we communicate our information practices. As a result, this statement is updated from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. We will never change our policies with regard to releasing information to third parties without first notifying all customers and providing them with the opportunity to "opt-in" for correspondence from other companies.
Trappist Made Product
Privacy PolicyShippingReturnsSecurity