http://www.popaganda.com/legal
menu
shop
news
gallery
events
about
join
contact
search
Instagram
Twitter
Store PolicyTerms & Conditions
Payment
We accept Visa, Mastercard, American Express, checks and money orders in U.S. funds only. Please make checks payable to Clutter Media Group.
8.5% sales tax is added to merchandise orders delivered to a New York Address.
*Please note that we must receive payment before we can process any order. We cannot bill. For online orders, your credit card will be charged before the order is shipped.*
Shipping and Delivery
POPagandauses USPS (international and some domestic) and UPS (domestic only).
Domestic: Orders will ship within 7 business days.
International/Canada: Orders will ship within 10 business days.
Estimated delivery dates will be provided by the shipping carrier. POPagandacan only provide tracking numbers when a method of shipping allows it. POPagandais not responsible for shipments that are lost in transit when choosing an option (such as first class mail) that does not provide a tracking number.
If an item is out of stock we will contact you as soon as possible via email or telephone.
POPagandawill notify you by way of email when your goods are to be dispatched to you. This email will contain any tracking information that is applicable.
If POPagandareceives no communication from you, within 10 days of delivery, regarding any problems with the Goods, you are deemed to have received the Goods in full working order and with no problems.
International Customers
If Goods are being ordered from outside the USA, import duties and taxes may be incurred once your Goods reach their destination. POPagandais not responsible for these charges and we undertake to make no calculations or estimates in this regard. If you are buying internationally, you are advised to contact your local customs authorities for further details on costs and procedures. As the purchaser of the Goods, you will also be the importer of record and as such should ensure that your purchase is in full compliance with the laws of the country into which the Goods are being imported. Please be aware that Goods may be inspected on arrival at port for customs purposes and POPagandacannot guarantee that the packaging of your Goods will be free of signs of tampering.
Tracking numbers on parcels provided by USPS are only valid until they reach their destination county. We cannot provide any further tracking information than we are provided with. Parcels will only be considered lost after 30 days of the ship date.
Returns Policy
POPagandaaims to always provide high quality Goods that are fault free and undamaged. On occasion however, goods may need to be returned. Returns are governed by these Terms and Conditions.
If you receive Goods which do not match those that you ordered, unless accompanied by an explanatory note detailing the changes, stating reasons for the changes and setting out your options, you should contact us within 10 days to arrange collection and return. POPagandais not responsible for paying shipment costs. You will be given the option to have the Goods replaced with those ordered (if available) or to be refunded through the payment method used by you when purchasing the Goods. Refunds and replacements will be issued upon our receipt of the returned Goods.
If any Goods you have purchased have faults when they are delivered to you, you should contact POPagandawithin 28 days to arrange collection and return. POPagandais not responsible for paying shipment costs. Goods must be returned in their original condition with all packaging and documentation. Upon receipt of the returned Goods, the price of the Goods, as paid by you, will be refunded to you through the payment method used by you when purchasing the Goods.
If Goods are damaged in transit and the damage is apparent on delivery, you should sign the delivery note to the effect that the goods have been damaged.  In any event, you should report such damage to  POPagandawithin 10 days and arrange collection and return. POPagandais not responsible for paying shipment costs. Upon receipt of the returned Goods, the price of the Goods, as paid by you, will be refunded to you through the payment method used by you when purchasing the Goods.
If you wish to return Goods to POPagandafor any of the above reasons, please contact us using the details on contact page or email info@cluttermagazine.com to make the appropriate arrangements.
There are no returns on Magazines. If you receive a damaged magazine we will exchange the damaged magazine for you with a new magazine.
POPagandareserves the right to exercise discretion with respect to any returns under these Terms and Conditions. Factors which may be taken into account in the exercise of this discretion include, but are not limited to:
Any use or enjoyment that you may have already had out of the Goods;
Any characteristics of the Goods which may cause them to deteriorate or expire rapidly;
The fact that the Goods consist of audio or video recordings or computer software and that the packaging has been opened;
Any discounts that may have formed part of the purchase price of the Goods to reflect any lack of quality made known to the Customer at the time of purchase.
Such discretion to be exercised only within the confines of the law.
All sales are FINAL.
Goods, Pricing and Availability
Whilst every effort has been made to ensure that all graphical representations and descriptions of Goods available from POPagandacorrespond to the actual Goods, POPagandais not responsible for any variations from these descriptions.
Where appropriate, you may be required to select the required size, model, color and number of the Goods that you are purchasing. POPagandadoes not represent or warrant that such Goods will be available. Stock indications are not always provided on the Website. All pricing information on the Website is correct at the time of going online. POPagandareserves the right to change prices and alter or remove any special offers as necessary. In the event that prices are changed during the period between an order being placed for Goods and POPagandaprocessing that order and taking payment, you will be contacted prior to your order being processed with details of the new price. Sales Tax (if applicable) is calculated at the time of check out.
This agreement applies as between you, the User of this Website and POPaganda, the owners of this Website. Your agreement to comply with and be bound by these Terms and Conditions is deemed to occur upon your first use of the Website. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, you should stop using the Website immediately.
No part of this Website is intended to constitute a contractual offer capable of acceptance. Your order constitutes a contractual offer and our acceptance of that offer is deemed to occur upon our sending a dispatch email to you indicating that your order has been fulfilled and is on its way to you.
Age Restrictions
Persons under the age of 18 should use this Website only with the supervision of an Adult. Payment Information must be provided by or with the permission of an Adult.
Transmission of payment
We utilize authorize.net and paypal for all online payments.  All transmission of data are encrypted.  Transmissions sent to and from paypal only include the necessary data for order shipping.  We follow best practices for all transmissions sent to and from authorize.net.
Intellectual Property
Subject to the exceptions in Clause 6 of these Terms and Conditions, all Content included on the Website, unless uploaded by Users, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, icons, images, sound clips, video clips, data compilations, page layout, underlying code and software is the property of POPaganda, our affiliates or other relevant third parties. By continuing to use the Website you acknowledge that such material is protected by applicable United States and International intellectual property and other laws.
Subject to Clause 7 you may not reproduce, copy, distribute, store or in any other fashion re-use material from the Website unless otherwise indicated on the Website or unless given express written permission to do so by POPaganda.
Third Party Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all Intellectual Property rights including, but not limited to, Copyright and Trademarks, in product images and descriptions belong to the manufacturers or distributors of such products as may be applicable.
Subject to Clause 7 you may not reproduce, copy, distribute, store or in any other fashion re-use such material unless otherwise indicated on the Website or unless given express written permission to do so by the relevant manufacturer or supplier.
Fair Use of Intellectual Property
Material from the Website may be re-used without written permission where any of the exceptions detailed in Chapter III of the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 apply.
Links to Other Websites
This Website may contain links to other sites. Unless expressly stated, these sites are not under the control of POPaganda or that of our affiliates. We assume no responsibility for the content of such websites and disclaim liability for any and all forms of loss or damage arising out of the use of them. The inclusion of a link to another site on this Website does not imply any endorsement of the sites themselves or of those in control of them.
Links to this Website
Those wishing to place a link to this Website on other sites may do so only to the home page of the site www.popaganda.com without prior permission. Deep linking (i.e. links to specific pages within the site) requires the express permission of POPaganda. To find out more please contact us by email at info@popaganda.com
Changes to the Service and these Terms and Conditions
POPaganda reserves the right to change the Website, its Content or these Terms and Conditions at any time. You will be bound by any changes to the Terms and Conditions from the first time you use the Website following the changes. If POPaganda is required to make any changes to Terms and Conditions relating to sale of Goods by law, these changes will apply automatically to any orders currently pending in addition to any orders placed by you in the future.
Availability of the Website
The Service is provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis. We give no warranty that the Service will be free of defects and / or faults. To the maximum extent permitted by the law we provide no warranties (express or implied) of fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy of information, compatibility and satisfactory quality.
POPaganda accepts no liability for any disruption or non-availability of the Website resulting from external causes including, but not limited to, ISP equipment failure, host equipment failure, communications network failure, power failure, natural events, acts of war or legal restrictions and censorship.
Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, POPaganda accepts no liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage, foreseeable or otherwise, including any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of the Website or any information contained therein. Users should be aware that they use the Website and its Content at their own risk.
No Waiver
In the event that any party to these Terms and Conditions fails to exercise any right or remedy contained herein, this shall not be construed as a waiver of that right or remedy.
Previous Terms and Conditions
In the event of any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and any prior versions thereof, the provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
Third Party Rights
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall confer any rights upon any third party. The agreement created by these Terms and Conditions is between you and POPaganda.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of this site’s owner or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of this site’s owner and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of this site’s owner or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Disclaimers
POPaganda makes no warranty or representation that the Website will meet your requirements, that it will be of satisfactory quality, that it will be fit for a particular purpose, that it will not infringe the rights of third parties, that it will be compatible with all systems, that it will be secure and that all information provided will be accurate. We make no guarantee of any specific results from the use of our Services. No part of this Website is intended to constitute advice and the Content of this Website should not be relied upon when making any decisions or taking any action of any kind.
No part of this Website is intended to constitute a contractual offer capable of acceptance.
Whilst POPaganda uses reasonable endeavors to ensure that the Website is secure and free of errors, viruses and other malware, all Users are advised to take responsibility for their own security, that of their personal details and their computers.
PRIVACY POLICY
Contact information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By E-Mail: info@popaganda.com
By Phone: 1 212 255 2505
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Security Encryption
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) for all pages on our site.  Our SSL certificate has been provided by GoDaddy.
All data is encrypted with 256-bit encryption using TLS 1.0.
The connection is encrypted using AES_256_CBC, with SHA1 for message authentication and DHE_RSA as the key exchange mechanism.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note, the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Transmission of payment
We utilize authorize.net and paypal for all online payments.  All transmission of data are encrypted.  Transmissions sent to and from paypal only include the necessary data for order shipping.  We follow best practices for all transmissions sent to and from authorize.net.
Terms
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, THIS SITE’S OWNER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THIS SITE’S OWNER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM THIS SITE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THIS SITE’S OWNER WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND ARE MADE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
Join TheMailing List