https://www.cruise365.com/privacy-policy/
Home
News
Contact Us
Sail from the UK
Destination
Africa
Alaska
America
Antarctica
Arctic Circle
Asia & Far East
Australasia
Baltic
British Isles
Canada
Canary Islands
Caribbean
Central America
Europe
Greek Isles
Hawaii
Iberia
Mediterranean
Middle East
Norwegian Fjords
Pacific
South America
West US/Mexico
When
December 2020January 2021February 2021March 2021April 2021May 2021June 2021July 2021August 2021September 2021October 2021November 2021December 2021January 2022February 2022March 2022April 2022May 2022June 2022July 2022August 2022September 2022October 2022November 2022
Cruiseline
AmaWaterways
Azamara
Carnival Cruise Lines
Celebrity Cruises
Cunard Line
Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines
Holland America Line
MSC Cruises
Norwegian Cruise Line
P&O Cruises
Princess Cruises
Royal Caribbean International
UNIWORLD Boutique River Cruises
Virgin Voyages
Ship
Adventure of the Seas
Allure of the Seas
AmaBella
AmaCello
AmaCerto
AmaDante
AmaDara
AmaDolce
AmaDouro
AmaKristina
AmaLea
AmaLucia
AmaLyra
AmaMagna
AmaMora
AmaPrima
AmaSerena
AmaSiena
AmaSonata
AmaStella
AmaVerde
AmaVida
AmaViola
Anthem of the Seas
Arcadia
Aurora
Azamara Journey
Azamara Pursuit
Azamara Quest
Azura
Balmoral
Black Watch
Bolette
Borealis
Boudicca
Braemar
Brilliance of the Seas
Britannia
Caribbean Princess
Carnival Breeze
Carnival Conquest
Carnival Dream
Carnival Ecstasy
Carnival Elation
Carnival Fantasy
Carnival Fascination
Carnival Freedom
Carnival Glory
Carnival Horizon
Carnival Imagination
Carnival Inspiration
Carnival Legend
Carnival Liberty
Carnival Magic
Carnival Mardi Gras
Carnival Miracle
Carnival Panorama
Carnival Paradise
Carnival Pride
Carnival Radiance
Carnival Sensation
Carnival Spirit
Carnival Splendor
Carnival Sunrise
Carnival Sunshine
Carnival Valor
Carnival Vista
Celebrity Apex
Celebrity Constellation
Celebrity Eclipse
Celebrity Edge
Celebrity Equinox
Celebrity Flora
Celebrity Infinity
Celebrity Millennium
Celebrity Reflection
Celebrity Silhouette
Celebrity Solstice
Celebrity Summit
Celebrity Xpedition
Celebrity Xploration
Coral Princess
Crown Princess
Diamond Princess
Discovery Princess
Emerald Princess
Empress of the Seas
Enchanted Princess
Enchantment of the Seas
Eurodam
Explorer of the Seas
Freedom of the Seas
Ganges Voyager II
Grand Princess
Harmony of the Seas
Independence of the Seas
Iona
Island Princess
Jewel of the Seas
Koningsdam
Liberty of the Seas
Majestic Princess
Majesty of the Seas
Mariner of the Seas
Mekong Jewel
MSC Armonia
MSC Bellissima
MSC Divina
MSC Fantasia
MSC Grandiosa
MSC Lirica
MSC Magnifica
MSC Meraviglia
MSC Musica
MSC Opera
MSC Orchestra
MSC Poesia
MSC Preziosa
MSC Seashore
MSC Seaside
MSC Seaview
MSC Sinfonia
MSC Splendida
MSC Virtuosa
Navigator of the Seas
Nieuw Amsterdam
Nieuw Statendam
Noordam
Norwegian Bliss
Norwegian Breakaway
Norwegian Dawn
Norwegian Encore
Norwegian Epic
Norwegian Escape
Norwegian Gem
Norwegian Getaway
Norwegian Jade
Norwegian Jewel
Norwegian Joy
Norwegian Pearl
Norwegian Sky
Norwegian Spirit
Norwegian Star
Norwegian Sun
Oasis of the Seas
Odyssey of the Seas
Oosterdam
Ovation of the Seas
Pacific Princess
Pride of America
Quantum of the Seas
Queen Elizabeth
Queen Mary 2
Queen Victoria
Radiance of the Seas
Regal Princess
Rhapsody of the Seas
River Duchess
River Empress
River Princess
River Queen
River Tosca
River Victoria
Rotterdam
Royal Princess
Ruby Princess
S.S. Antoinette
S.S. Beatrice
S.S. Bon Voyage
S.S. Catherine
S.S. Joie de Vivre
S.S. La Venezia
S.S. Maria Theresa
S.S. São Gabriel
S.S. Sphinx
Sanctuary Yangzi Explorer
Sapphire Princess
Scarlet Lady
Serenade of the Seas
Sky Princess
Spectrum of the Seas
Symphony of the Seas
Valiant Lady
Ventura
Vision of the Seas
Volendam
Voyager of the Seas
Westerdam
Zaandam
Zambezi Queen
Zuiderdam
Duration
10 to 14 nights
15 nights or more
4 nights or less
4 to 7 nights
7 to 10 nights
Search
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice & Cookies Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Cruise365 (by Check-in Cruise Club) uses and protects any information that you give Cruise365 when you use this website.
At Cruise365, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our website and to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and anyone we provide our holiday company services to. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Cruise365 does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties any personally identifiable information for marketing purposes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address and postal address
demographic information such as preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys, offers and order processing
At Enquiry and/or Booking Stage we are required to ask for the following information from you and any third party travelling companions:
Date of Birth & Gender
Marital Status
Passport Information
Medical Information & Special Requirements
Travel Insurance Information
Next of Kin
Please note: if you are supplying details to us of another natural person, it is your responsibility to make any third party aware of the information you are sharing and to advise them to review our Privacy Policy to ensure they content with our the methods we set out herein for the handling their data. If you are providing information on any minor (under the age of 18 years), please ensure that their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) has given you consent to share this data.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
Use your information to process any service you wish us to manage
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
Providing your personal data to others
The personal information that we collect when you use our site, or when you provide your personal details (and those travelling with you) to engage with our services, is confidential. We may disclose your personal information as and when appropriate to our service providers and/or business partners in the following circumstances:
To facilitate an enquiry
Organise and manage a booking
Process Entry Visas for certain countries, as and when appropriate
Process and manage a complaint directed at our service providers and/or business partners
International transfers of your personal data
Keeping information about you secure is very important to us so we store and process your personal information in accordance with the high standards required under data protection legislation. From time to time and for operational reasons the personal information we collect from you may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Your information may also be processed by some of our service providers which operate outside the EEA. Different countries have different data protection and security laws and some of these do not offer the same level of protection as you enjoy under UK data protection legislation. However, when we appoint our service providers to help us provide products and services to you (which may include some based in the USA), we take care to ensure that they have appropriate security measures in place.
Retaining and deleting personal data
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes. However, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. Even if we delete your personal information it may persist on back-up or archival media for legal, tax or regulatory purposes.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small text file which asks permission to be downloaded on your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Third party cookies
These cookies allow third parties to track the success of their application or customise the application for you. Because of how cookies work we cannot access these cookies, nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used on our site.
For example, if you choose to ‘share’ content through Twitter or other social networks you might be sent cookies from these websites. We don’t control the setting of these cookies, so please check those websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Google Analytics
When someone visits www.cruise365.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Mailing Lists
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing us at admin@cruise365.com.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at admin@cruise365.com or the address shown below
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
How you can change permissions
Your privacy is of huge importance to us. All emails or other forms of communication directly from us to you will include clear instructions on how to unsubscribe. Plus, if you don’t want to be contacted by us anymore you can email: admin@cruise365.com.
Access to your personal information
Under GDPR, you are entitled to access the personal information that we hold. Email your request to admin@cruise365.com.
Alternatively please write to us at the following address:
Cruise365, Seven Seas House, 13 South Street, Market Place, Crook, County Durham DL15 8NE.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email or write to us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
GDPR
If you wish to submit a GDPR information request, please enter your email address below.
Once we have verified your email address, we will send you all of the information this website has on record for you.
You can then choose to amend or delete your information by following the instructions provided.
Email address
Request My Information
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review and we may update this policy from time to time. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This privacy notice was last updated on 15 May 2018.
Share this page:
Back to top
Enquire Now
Cruise Enquiry
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more.
Accept & Close