https://www.metroplexmini.org/index.php?pageid=privacy
Metroplex MINI
Privacy Policy
User Name
Remember Me?
Password
Forums
Register
Garage
Garage
All Garages
Browse by Username
Browse Recently Added
Browse Recently Modified
Browse Most Popular
Advanced Search
Help
FAQ
Calendar
Mark Forums Read
MetroplexMINI Privacy Policy
The policies below are applicable to MetroplexMINI web site.
Registration is required and information is collected in certain portions of the web site in which guests specifically and knowingly provide such information along with content submissions, community postings (i.e., chat or bulletin boards). MetroplexMINI may use such information to track compliance with our web site terms of use, or for editorial and feedback purposes (to the extent that is explained when guests provide the information).
Policies for Individuals
MetroplexMINI encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the interactive activities offered on the site.
No information should be submitted to or posted MetroplexMINI web site by guests under 13 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian.
Unless otherwise disclosed during collection, MetroplexMINI does not provide any personally identifying information, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever.
Guests' e-mail addresses are never posted on the MetroplexMINI web site unless the guest chooses to make their e-mail address viewable to the public.
About IP Addresses
MetroplexMINI collects IP addresses when submitting posts to the bulletin board and for the purposes of system administration. An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're connected to a network or connected to the Internet. When guests request pages from MetroplexMINI, our web servers log the guests' IP addresses. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us unless issues of security arise in which IP addresses may be turned over to local, state and national authorities.
Use of Email Address - The MetroplexMINI Email Policy
To use the features of this site a valid email address is required for all member accounts.
Your email address will not be sold or provided to other third parties.
This site reserves the right to use your email address as follows:
To contact members related to their activity on the site
To provide email notifications for private messages and posts to discussions they have participated in
To notify members of site changes/improvements, site-related products/services, events, and news from the community.
All members may opt-out of email notifications using the site-provided user control panel and/or provided unsubscribe links provided in individual emails.
Use of Cookies - The MetroplexMINI Cookies Policy
What are cookies? Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences while you're at our site. The use of cookies is an Industry standard, and you'll find cookies at most major Web sites.
Examples of How MetroplexMINI Uses Cookies
The MetroplexMINI bulletin board uses cookies to store the following information: the last time you logged in, your username and password, and your preferred "topic view", if you set it in preferences. These cookies are stored on your browser. Cookies are not used to track your movement or perform any function other than to enhance your use of the bulletin board. If your browser does not support cookies, or you have not enabled cookies on your browser, many of these timesaving features will not work properly. Also, you need to have cookies enabled in your browser if you want to enter a private forum. MetroplexMINI also uses cookies to let the computer remember that you've registered, which allows us to speed up your future activities at our sites.
How MetroplexMINI Does Not Use Cookies
MetroplexMINI never uses cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. Except as described below, MetroplexMINIdoes not use information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes, nor is that information shared with any third parties whatsoever.
Links to Other Sites
Users should be aware that when you are on the MetroplexMINI web site you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from MetroplexMINI that take you outside our service. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, the "click" takes you off the MetroplexMINI site. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use MetroplexMINI's logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you end up. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online - for example, via message boards or chat - that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. While MetroplexMINIstrives to protect its user's personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk.
Security Policy
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our Guests is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers, utilizing encryption software. Only those officers or administrators who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Any administrator or officer who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to disciplinary action, including possible removal and civil and/or criminal prosecution.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of the MetroplexMINI Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the MetroplexMINI site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. You can send an e-mail to MetroplexMINI with any further questions by using this Contact Us email link.
Powered by vBadvanced CMPS v3.2.3
All times are GMT -5. The time now is 12:55 AM.
Contact Us -
Metroplex MINI -
Archive -
Gallery Archive -
Privacy Statement -
Top
Powered by vBulletin® Version 3.8.7Copyright ©2000 - 2020, vBulletin Solutions, Inc.
Copyright ©2003-2020 Metroplex MINI Forums
Garage Plus vBulletin Plugins by Drive Thru Online, Inc.