https://www.antique-pocket-watch.com/privacy.html
Privacy Statement
Privacy statement
Last updated: January 2012
This privacy statement may change periodically, so please check back from time to time. For your information, the date of the last update to this privacy statement is stated at the top of this statement.
In certain areas of the website, we may ask you to provide user information by filling in forms. The features of the website where user information is collected are explained below.
When you use the antique pocket watch.com website, you consent to antique pocket watch.com's use of any information provided by you to antique pocket watch.com such as your name, current email address for the purposes outlined below.
Information collected
When you view this website, our Internet Service Provider makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:
Your server address.
Your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc).
The date and time of your visit to the site.
The pages you accessed and documents downloaded.
The previous site you have visited.
The type of browser you are using.
This information about your use is only analysed on a bulk basis for broad demographic content. Individual use is not analysed.
If you use the website to complete an online form, we will only collect the information contained in that form if you submit the form to us. If you log out of the website or cancel the application prior to submitting the form, the information you had entered will be automatically deleted.
Use of information collected
We will only record your email address if you send us a message. Your email address will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and it will not be added to a mailing list or used for any other purpose without your consent.
We will not use or disclose information collected about you, including information collected using cookies, other than for a purpose made known to you, a purpose you would reasonably expect, a purpose required, authorised or permitted by or under any law, or a purpose otherwise authorised by you.
Use of cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record keeping purposes. The cookie assigns you an ID which allows antique pocket watch.com to recognise you when you return to the website.
Links to third party web sites
This website may contain links to other websites. antique pocket watch.com does not control the content or the information collected on these websites. These websites are not subject to this Privacy Statement. antique pocket watch.com is not responsible for the content, policies or practices of such websites. antique pocket watch.com encourages you to review the privacy policies on other websites before you disclose any information to these other parties.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses a first-party cookie and JavaScript code to enable analysis on usage of the antique pocket watch.com website. The information generated about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. antique pocket watch.com will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
You should also know that Google:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Back to something far more interesting: Antique Pocket Watch Home Page
Pocket Watch Info
Home Page
APW Blog
Collecting
Values
PW Appraisals
PW Makes
Waltham
Elgin
Ball
Dudley Masonic
Hamilton
Hampden
Howard
Illinois
Ingersoll
Patek Philippe
Railroad Watch
Character Watches
Harley Davidson
PW Accessories
Hallmarks
Books
Cases
A to Z Parts
Display Cases
Collectible Clocks Pages
Clock Collector
Who Invented the Clock
Longcase Clocks
eBay Auctions
eBay Auctions
Featured Auction
eBay PW Values
eBay Best Sellers
Site Info
Horological News
Sitemap
Build a Business!
Resources
[?] Subscribe To This Site
APW Blog
Contact Me
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Copyright © All Rights Reserved 2006-2017 Antique-Pocket-Watch.com