http://www.saviezvineyards.com/privacy/
Privacy
Privacy
Saviez Vineyard Management (“SVM”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. SVM provides this Privacy Statement to inform you of our privacy policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. We\’ve structured our web site so that, in general, you can visit SVM on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at the bottom of every www.saviezvineyards.com web page.
This privacy statement applies to the www.saviezvineyards.com web site and domain.
Notice
SVM uses personal information to better understand your needs and interest and provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with SVM. We take seriously the trust you place in us. SVM will not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to others.
This privacy statement covers personally identifiable information, anonymous data collection and aggregate reporting. Personally identifiable information is any information that is associated with your name or personal identity. Anonymous (non-personal) information is data about usage and service operation, reported in aggregate, which is not associated to a specific personal identity. Aggregate information is data collected and summarized for a broad category of customers.
What we collect
On the SVM web site, you can make information requests or register yourself. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone, email address, user IDs and passwords, and contact preferences.
Anonymous (non-personal) data we collect may include the pages visited on www.saviezvineyards.com, unique URLs visited within www.saviezvineyards.com, browser type and IP address. Most anonymous data is collected via cookies or other analysis technologies. www.saviezvineyards.com web pages use cookies and other technologies for data analysis and personalization services. SVM may place ads on other web sites that may use cookies.
SVM does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and SVM products and services do not target information to children under 13. SVM is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents to take an active role in your child’s online activities and interests.
If you apply to volunteer at SVM, you provide your email address, educational and employment background, and volunteer interest data. You may choose to submit your name when registering or remain anonymous. SVM will not use personal data submitted as part of the volunteer application process for any other purpose.
How we use it
SVM uses your information to help us understand your needs and interests and provide you with better services. Specifically, we use your information to help to communicate with you, to update you on services and events, to personalize promotional offers and to personalize some www.saviezvineyards.com web sites. Occasionally we may also use your information to contact you for market research regarding SVM products or services. We will give you the opportunity to opt-out of market research and customer surveys.
Data collected online may also be combined with information you provide through other sources such as call centers or public events such as trade shows, seminars, or educational events.
Anonymous (non-personal) data is aggregated for reporting about www.saviezvineyards.com web site usability, performance, and effectiveness. It is used to improve the customer experience, usability and site content.
Who we share it with
SVM will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to others. SVM will not share your personal information with a business partner or any unrelated third party company unless you give your permission. Your permission will be requested when you submit your information.
Choice
You can subscribe to receive information and SVM-wide marketing communications. SVM-wide communications may include new event information, special offers or possibly an invitation to participate in market research. We give you a choice regarding SVM-wide communications by postal mail, email and telephone.
Links provided on www.saviezvineyards.com to third party web sites are provided as a convenience and SVM does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from ours. SVM does not endorse or make any representations about them. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information. The personal data you choose to give to unrelated third parties is covered by their privacy policies, not the SVM Privacy Policy. Some third-party companies may choose to share their personal data with SVM; that sharing is governed by that third-party company’s privacy policy.
Onward Transfer
Personal data given to SVM may be transferred across state and country borders for the purposes of data consolidation, storage and simplified customer information management. The practices which govern this data movement are described in our commitments in the Choice and Security sections of this privacy statement.
Access and Accuracy
SVM strives to keep your personally identifiable information accurate. We have put in place managerial data standards review processes and technological tools to maintain customer data accuracy. We will provide you with access to view and change your information, including making every effort to provide you with online access. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. Certain areas of SVM’s web sites may limit access to specific individuals through the use of passwords and other personal identifiers.
The most effective way to view and change your personal information is to return to the web page where you originally submitted your data and follow the instructions on that web page or send us a message as described in “Contacting us” below. Data access is also available upon request.
Security
SVM is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of the information, SVM has in place appropriate physical, managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
Contacting us:
We value your comments and opinions. If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy please email us at: info@www.saviezvineyards.com
To opt-out of SVM marketing contact, please visit our opt-out page and provide your email and/or name and relevant information about registrations you may have with SVM. This opt-out will cancel all marketing and support communication and newsletters.
Revised: May 15, 2007
www.saviezvineyards.com does not post third-party ads on our web site. SVM may use third-party media companies to place ads for SVM products or services on other companies’ web sites. If you view a web page where SVM ads appear, the online media company may place a cookie or web beacon on the user’s computer. This allows the online media company to recognize the computer when it is used to return to that site or measure advertising response. This data is anonymous and is not linked to personal data on the user’s computer or any SVM databases. Some SVM newsletters delivered on SVM’s behalf by online media companies use the same technologies. In both cases, this data is also used by the online media company to measure advertising and content interest and relevance. SVM does not have access to the data collected by the online media company. To prevent online media companies from placing cookies on your computer, you will need to visit each media company’s web site and use their cookie removal (opt-out) process.