https://www.campingandcaravanningclub.co.uk/aboutus/policies/privacy-policy/
Home
>
About Us
>
Our Club Policies
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
General Information
Data Controller
Data Protection Laws define Personal Data as information which directly or indirectly identifies an individual. Examples of Personal Data include name, address, membership number, National Insurance number, date of birth, photo, video or voice recording.
The Camping and Caravanning Club (The Club) collect and process Personal Data belonging to Members, Non Members, Employees and Prospective Employees.
The Club is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) as a Data Controller for the processing of Personal Data (Z658287X).
Data Protection Office
The Club has established a Data Protection Office to ensure its compliance with Data Protection Laws. In addition, The Data Protection Office will act as The Club’s contact point with our Members, Non Members, Employees, Prospective Employees and our Supervisory Authority.
The Data Protection Office can be contacted by post to: The Data Protection Office, The Camping and Caravanning Club, Greenfields House, Westwood Way, Coventry, CV4 8JH. By telephone on +44 (0) 24 7647 5448 or email.
How Does The Organisation Protect Your Personal Data
In order to protect your privacy, The Club has implemented stringent Information Security and Personal Data Protection Policies. Employees and Associates who come into contact with your Personal Data have obligations to adhere to our policies, and are regularly trained in security and privacy best practice.
We apply appropriate technical and organisational measures in order to protect data, computing devices and the network from accidental / malicious activities or theft. Where appropriate, we encrypt our data and devices with confidential information securely destroyed when no longer required.
Our headquarters are protected 24x7, with physical access via swipe cards and / or manned receptions. Additional security measures are in place limiting access to our data centres.
Your Rights
Data Protection Laws, describe individuals who have provided their Personal Data to an organisation (either directly or indirectly) as “Data Subjects”. As a Data Subject, you have a number of rights with respect to how organisations process your Personal Data.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights, please contact The Club’s Data Protection Office (telephone: +44 (0) 24 7647 5448 or email).
Right to be Informed
As a Data Subject, you have the right to be informed of the use that your Personal Data will be put to, along with details of the Data Controller and your rights.
Where you provide your Personal Data directly to The Club, these details will be made available at the time your data is obtained.
Where The Club obtains your Personal Data from a third party, these details will be made available within a reasonable period of having obtained the data. If your Personal Data is to be used to communicate with you, these details will be provided at the latest, when the first communication takes place. If disclosure to another recipient is envisaged, these details will be provided at the latest, before the data is disclosed. In all cases, notification will take place, within one month of receipt of your Personal Data.
Right to Access
Data Subjects have the right to access and obtain a copy of your Personal Data held and processed by The Club, on request.
You can exercise this right through the submission of a formal Subject Access Request to the Club’s Data Protection Office (email: data.protection@campingandcaravanningclub.co.uk;
telephone: +44 (0)2476 475448 or write to: Data Protection Office, The Camping and Caravanning Club, Greenfields House, Westwood Way, Coventry, CV4 8JH).
Right to Rectification
You have the right to request The Club to correct inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data.
Right to Erasure (to be Forgotten)
You have the right to request The Club to erase your Personal Data from its systems and records.
This is not an absolute right however, and does not normally apply to purposes covered by Legal Obligation or which is necessary for the performance of a Contract.
Right to Restrict Processing
Data Subjects have the right to request The Club to stop or restrict the processing of your Personal Data. This could be for example, if your Personal Data is no longer necessary for the purpose of processing.
Right to data portability
You have the right to request a copy of the Personal Data which you have provided directly to The Club, which is automatically processed in a portable format.
Right to object
As a Data Subject, you have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data, where The Club relies upon Legitimate Interest as the lawful basis for processing.
Rights related to automated decision making including profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling), which may significantly affect you.
Complaints
If you are unhappy with how your Personal Data is processed by The Club, you have the right to complain to the Data Protection Office. If you remain unhappy, following The Clubs response to your complaint, you have the right to lodge a further compliant with our Supervisory Authority, The Information Commissioners Office (ICO).
The ICO’s address is: Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow Cheshire, SK9 5AF. You can also contact them by telephone on 01625 545 745 or via their website at www.ico.org.uk.
Links
•	Members Privacy Notice
•	Non Members Privacy Notice
•	Recruitment Privacy Notice
•	Data Protection Policy (below)
Last updated on Tuesday 14 August 2018 09:25
Downloads:
Data Protection Policy