https://www.royalcork.com/cookie-policy/
Top MenuContact
Services
Accommodation
Visitors
Bar and Catering
Crew Point
Weddings
Meetings and Conferences
Club Reciprocity
Marina & Dinghy Park
Membership
About
Executive Committee
Club Staff
360° Tour
Club History
Flag Etiquette
Visitors
Environmental Policy
+353 (0)21 4831023 | office@royalcork.com
Navigation
Home
Main MenuHOME
COVID-19
LEVEL 3 GUIDELINES
HEALTH DECLARATION FORM
CORK300
EVENTS
IRISH SAILING YOUTH NATIONALS 2021
TOPPER WORLDS 2021
CORK WEEK 2022
505 WORLDS 2022
PAST EVENTS
CALENDAR
SAILING
RESULTS
KEELBOAT RESULTS 2020
DINGHY RESULTS 2020
KEELBOATS NOTICE BOARD
JUNIOR SAILING
CRUISING
1720’s
NATIONAL18
OPTIMIST
TOPPER
LASERS
RS FEVA/200/400
29er
GALLERY
CLUB GALLERY
BATEMAN GALLERY
360° TOUR
MERCHANDISE
RCYC MERCHANDISE
CORK300 MERCHANDISE
Return to Content
1. What are cookies
We use so-called cookies on the website Royalcork.com. Cookies are small text files that are saved by your browser and stored on your computer. The cookies do not cause any damage to your computer and are deleted at the end of your session. The use of cookies serves to make the website more user-friendly. For example, it is possible to recognise the user for the duration of the session without having to constantly enter a new user name and password. More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:
Assisting you in navigation;
Assisting in registration to our events, login, and your ability to provide feedback;
Analysing your use of our products, services or applications;
Assisting with our promotional and marketing efforts. (including behavioural advertising)
2. What types of cookies may be used on this website?
We may use the following type of cookies on our website
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Statistics Cookies
Marketing Cookies
Below is a detailed list of the cookies we use on our Website. Our Website is scanned with our cookie scanning tool regularly to maintain a list as accurate as possible.
2.1 Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not work then.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Expiry
Type
CookieConsent
Royalcork.com
Stores the user’s cookie consent state for the current domain
1 year
HTTP
PHPSESSID
Royalcork.com
Preserves user session state across page requests.
Session
HTTP
2.2 Statistic Cookies
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Expiry
Type
Collect
google-analytics.com
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor’s device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Session
Pixel
_ga [x2]
Royalcork.com
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
2 years
HTTP
_gat [x2]
Royalcork.com
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
1 day
HTTP
_gid [x2]
Royalcork.com
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
1 day
HTTP
2.3 Marketing Cookies
These cookies are set through our site by our advertising partners. These cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not experience our targeted advertising across different websites.
Name
Provider
Purpose
Expiry
Type
fr
facebook.com
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
3 months
HTTP
tr
facebook.com
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Session
Pixel
ads/ga-audiences
google.com
Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor’s online behaviour across websites.
Session
Pixel
rc::c
google.com
Used in context with video-advertisement. The cookie limits the number of times a visitor is shown the same advertisement-content. The cookie is also used to ensure relevance of the video-advertisement to the specific visitor.
Session
HTML
2.4 Unclassified Cookies
These cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
3. Some details about some cookies provided by third parties are used on this website
Among the cookies listed above, some are provided by third parties, here is more information about them.
3.1 Data collection by Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google is Privacy Shield certified. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, and which enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
However, if IP anonymisation is activated on this website, Google will reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other countries party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area beforehand. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. We would like to point out that the code “anonymizelp” has been added to Google Analytics on this website in order to guarantee an anonymised version of the IP address.
On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services relating to website and Internet use. The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 par. 1 f) GDPR.]
3.2 reCAPTCHA
We use the service reCAPTCHA of Google Inc. (“Google”) to protect your inquiries via an internet form. The query serves to differentiate whether the input is made by a human being or abusively by automated, machine processing. The query includes sending the IP address and any other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service to Google. For this purpose your input will be transmitted to Google and used there. However, Google will previously reduce your IP address within member states of the European Union or in other contract states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website
Google will use this information to evaluate your use of this service. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of reCaptcha is not merged with other Google data. The deviating data protection regulations of Google apply to this data. For more information about Google’s privacy policy, please visit: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/]
3.3 Google Analytics Remarketing
Our websites use the features of Google Analytics Remarketing combined with the cross-device capabilities of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. Provider of this service is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. This feature allows you to link the advertising target groups created with Google Analytics Remarketing to the cross-device capabilities of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. In this way, interest-based, personalized advertising messages adapted to you based on your previous usage and browsing behavior on one end device (e.g., cell phone) may also be displayed on another of your end devices (e.g., tablet or PC). Once you have given your consent, Google will associate your web and app browsing history with your Google Account for this purpose. That way, the same personalized advertising messages can appear on any device you sign in to with your Google Account. To support this feature, Google Analytics collects Google-authenticated IDs of users who are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data to define and create audiences for cross-device ad promotion. You can permanently opt out of cross-device remarketing / targeting by turning off personalized advertising in your Google Account; follow this link:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
The aggregation of collected data in your Google Account will be solely based on your consent that you may submit or revoke on Google (Art. 6 par. 1 a) GDPR). For data collection operations that are not merged into your Google Account (for example, because you do not have a Google Account or have objected to the merge), the collection of data is based on Art. 6 par. 1 f) GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the website operator has an interest in the anonymous analysis of the website visitors for advertising purposes. For more information and privacy policy, see the Google Privacy Policy at: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/]
3.4 Adwords and Google Conversion Tracking
This website uses Google Adwords. AdWords is a Online-Advertisingservice developed by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”). As part of Google AdWords, we use the so-called conversion tracking. When you click on an ad served by Google, a conversion tracking cookie is set. Cookies are small text files created by the Internet browser and stored on the user’s computer. These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for the personal identification of the users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not expired yet, Google and we can recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page. Each Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. The cookies can not be tracked through the websites of advertisers. The information gathered using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers are told the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. However, they do not receive information that personally identifies users. If you do not want to participate in tracking, you can opt-out of this by easily disabling the Google Conversion Tracking cookie through the Internet browser under User Preferences. You will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics. The storage of “conversion cookies” is based on Art. 6 par. 1 f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. For more information about Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking, see the Google Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/
You can set your browser to inform you about the setting of cookies and to allow cookies only in individual cases, allow the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally exclude and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.]
[Google Web Fonts
This site uses web fonts, provided by Google, for the uniform representation of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly. To do this, the browser you use must connect to Google’s servers. As a result, Google learns that our website has been accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web Fonts is in the interest of a consistent and attractive presentation of our online services. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 par. 1 f GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a default font will be used by your computer. For more information about Google Web Fonts, see https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
and in Google’s Privacy Policy
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/]
Social Media and Social Media Plugins
3.5 Use of social media
Our website uses plugins from various social networks (“Facebook”, “Twitter”, “Instagram” “YouTube”). The buttons are marked with the logo of the respective social network.
Royal Cork Yacht Club has no influence on the purpose and scope of the data collection as well as the further processing and use of the data by the social networks. You should refer to the privacy policies of the social networks for information on data protection and your rights in this regard.
Vimeo
Our website uses plugins from the streaming portal Vimeo. This service is provided by Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York 10011, USA. If you visit any of our sites equipped with a Vimeo plugin, you will be connected to Vimeo’s servers. This tells the Vimeo server which of our pages you have visited. In addition, Vimeo obtains your IP address. This also applies if you are not logged in to Vimeo or do not have an account with Vimeo. The information collected by Vimeo is transmitted to the Vimeo server in the United States. If you are logged in to your Vimeo account, you allow Vimeo to associate your surfing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your Vimeo account. For more information on how to deal with user data, see the Vimeo privacy policy at: https://vimeo.com/privacy]
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from youtube, a google company. Provider of the youtube website is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. When you visit one of our YouTube plug-in-enabled sites, you will be connected to the servers of YouTube. It tells the YouTube server which of our pages you’ve visited. If you’re logged into your YouTube account, YouTube will allow you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. The use of YouTube is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 par. 1 f GDPR. For more information on how to handle user data, please refer to the YouTube Privacy Policy at: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy]
Facebook-Plugins (Like & Share-Button)
We have integrated plugins from the social network Facebook on our website. Provider of this service is Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. The Facebook plugins can be recognized by the Facebook logo or the “Like-Button” (“Like”) on our site. An overview of the Facebook plugins can be found here:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
When you visit our pages, the plugin establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click on the Facebook “Like-Button” while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the contents of our pages to your Facebook profile. As a result, Facebook can assign the visit to our pages to your user account. We point out that we as the provider of the pages are not aware of the content of the data transmitted and their use by Facebook. For more information, see the Facebook Privacy Policy at: https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php
If you do not want Facebook to assign your visit on our website to your Facebook account, you can prevent this by logging out of your facebook account before visiting our website.]
LinkedIn
Our Website uses plugins from the LinkedIn network. Provider of this service is the LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Each time you visit one of our pages that contains LinkedIn features, it connects to LinkedIn servers. LinkedIn is informed that you have visited our website with your IP address. If you click LinkedIn’s “Recommend Button” and are logged in to your LinkedIn account, LinkedIn will be able to associate your visit to our website with you and your user account. We point out that we as the provider of the pages have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data and their use by LinkedIn. For more information, see the LinkedIn privacy statement at: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy]
Twitter plugin
Functions of the Twitter service are integrated on our sites. These features are available through Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. By using Twitter and the “Re-Tweet” function, the websites you visit will be linked to your Twitter account and shared with other users. This data is also transmitted to Twitter. We point out that we as the provider of the pages are not aware of the content of the transmitted data and their use by Twitter. For more information, see the privacy policy of Twitter at: https://twitter.com/privacy You can change your data protection settings via your Twitter account settings https://twitter.com/account/settings ]
4. Manage your cookie consent preferences
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Cookie Policy or how we process your personal data, please refer to our Privacy Notice. To deactivate the use of cookies entirely, please refer to the handbook of your browser, if our website does not provide for a cookie banner from which you can select your preferences.
5. Notice Update
We reserve the right to make any changes and corrections to this Notice. Please refer to this page from time to time to review these and new additional information. Where required by law, we will appropriately inform you about changes and corrections to this notice.
This Cookie Notice was last updated on 13 June 2020.
About Us The Royal Cork Yacht Club is based in Crosshaven, Cork, Ireland and is the world's oldest yacht club founded in 1720.
It is the organiser of the biennial Cork Week, widely regarded as Europe’s premier sailing event.
The club encompasses a wide variety of sailing activities from Optimist dinghies to racing National 18s and 1720s, Toppers, Lasers, RS Fevas and more ...read more
Upcoming Events
Sat
12
Santa Party 14.00hrs-17.00hrs – Cancelled
December 12, 2020
Royal Cork Yacht Club
View More…
ClubMembership
Visitors
Club History
Club History Book
Executive Committee
Club Staff
Virtual Tour
Marina & Dinghy Park
Bar & Catering
Weddings
Meetings and Conferences
Try Sailing
Environmental Policy
SailingCruisers
Junior Sailing
Optimist
Lasers
National18
RS FEVA/200/400
1720s
Topper
29er
Connect Crosshaven, Co. Cork, Ireland.
T: +353 (0)21 4831023
E: office@royalcork.com
Subscribe
Stay connected.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept all Cookies”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPT COOKIESPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Read more...
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.