http://www.jumpwithus.co.uk/privacy-policy/
01295 709812
DiscoverSkyDiving.co.uk
Jumpwithus
Follow @jumpwithus
HomeAbout UsSkydiving FAQSkydiving rules
Skydiving Weather conditionsPilots flying rulesSkydivingTandem SkydivingAFF CoursesStatic Line SkydivingSkydiving VideosProgression in the sportBook NowLocationsLondon Tandem SkydiveVouchersRedeemExtendCharity SkydivingQueens Alexandra College for the BlindQueen Elizabeth Hospital BirminghamGalleryBlogContactAmend Your Jump
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
Below is our privacy policy:
If you have questions about accessing or correcting your personal data please contact our support team.
Discover Skydiving Ltd operates discoverskydiving.co.uk. It is Discover Skydiving Ltd’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Discover Skydiving Ltd collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Discover Skydiving Ltd’ purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Discover Skydiving Ltd’ visitors use its website. From time to time, Discover Skydiving Ltd may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Discover Skydiving Ltd also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on WordPress.com blogs. Discover Skydiving Ltd only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Discover Skydiving Ltd’ websites choose to interact with Discover Skydiving Ltd in ways that require Discover Skydiving Ltd to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Discover Skydiving Ltd gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at WordPress.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Discover Skydiving Ltd – by purchasing access to the Akismet comment spam prevention service, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Discover Skydiving Ltd collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Discover Skydiving Ltd. Discover Skydiving Ltd does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Discover Skydiving Ltd may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Discover Skydiving Ltd may monitor the most popular products on the site or use spam screened by the Akismet service to help identify spam. Discover Skydiving Ltd may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Discover Skydiving Ltd does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Discover Skydiving Ltd discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Discover Skydiving Ltd’ behalf or to provide services available at Discover Skydiving Ltd’ websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Discover Skydiving Ltd’ websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Discover Skydiving Ltd will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Discover Skydiving Ltd discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Discover Skydiving Ltd believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Discover Skydiving Ltd, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Discover Skydiving Ltd website and have supplied your email address, Discover Skydiving Ltd may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Discover Skydiving Ltd and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Discover Skydiving Ltd takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Discover Skydiving Ltd uses cookies to help Discover Skydiving Ltd identify and track visitors, their usage of Discover Skydiving Ltd website, and their website access preferences. Discover Skydiving Ltd visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Discover Skydiving Ltd’ websites, with the drawback that certain features of Discover Skydiving Ltd’ websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Discover Skydiving Ltd and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Discover Skydiving Ltd may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Discover Skydiving Ltd’ sole discretion. Discover Skydiving Ltd encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a WordPress.com account, you should also check your blog’s dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Copyright 2011 Discover Skydiving Ltd | Website Design & Development by Hunter Design | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Mobile Site