http://www.absolutad.com/terms_and_conditions/
Home쟕erms and conditions
Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy
TO USE THIS SITE YOU SHOULD READ AND FULLY AGREE WITH THESE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO PROCEED TO USE THIS WEB SITE YOU ARE DEEMED TO
HAVE READ AND FULLY ACCEPTED THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. THE INFORMATION AND
SERVICES PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE ARE RESERVED FOR INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE OF LEGAL
DRINKING AGE IN THEIR RESPECTIVE JURISDICTIONS.
Terms and Conditions
1. Definitions
1.1 For the purposes of these terms and conditions:
a)
Cracking or hacking means the circumvention of user authentication or
security of any host, network, web server or account.
b)
Denial of service attacks means interference with the Service to any
user, host or network.
c)
Service means providing to the Customer access to data and information
transmitted by Michelle Chumash and its suppliers over the Internet via this web
site, www.absolutad.com.
d)
Trade marks means any of the following words or marks, however
represented and all associated logos and symbols used on this site, that are the
trade marks of V&S Vin & Sprit AB or any of its associated companies:

ABSOLUT

ABSOLUT Vodka

ABSOLUT country of Sweden Vodka & logo

ABSOLUT bottle design
ABSOLUT calligraphy
absolut.com
absolutvodka.com
ABSOLUT Citron
ABSOLUT Peppar
ABSOLUT Kurant
ABSOLUT Mandrin
ABSOLUT Vanilia
The use or misuse of these
trademarks or any content of this site is strictly prohibited. All other
trademarks are the property of the respective trademark owners.
e)
Michelle Chumash is an individual of American citizenship, who is in no
way associated with or sponsored by V&S Vin & Sprit AB or any of its
advertisers.
2. Service Obligation
2.1 Michelle Chumash and her suppliers will not be liable
for any loss of data or information resulting from delays, non-deliveries,
missed deliveries or service interruptions caused by events beyond the control
of Michelle Chumash, her suppliers, or by errors or omissions of the Customer.
Michelle Chumash and her suppliers specifically exclude any representation or
warranty that:
a)
the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free,
b)
defects will be corrected
c)
the Service, or the server that makes it available, is free of viruses or
other harmful components, and is not to be liable for any action you take in
reliance upon such information or the Service.
2.2 In no circumstances whatsoever will Michelle Chumash be
liable for direct, indirect, special, punitive, economic or consequential loss,
to the extent permitted by law, arising out of or in any way connected with the
use or performance of the Service, this web site or related web sites or
otherwise howsoever arising whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict
liability or otherwise.
2.3 The liability of Michelle Chumash (if any) in contract,
tort, negligence or otherwise arising out of or in connection with supply of
Service under this contract is to be limited in respect of any one event or a
series of two or more connected events to $1.00.
3. Improper Use and Liabilities
3.1 The Customer acknowledges that it may only use the
Service for lawful purposes. The Customer warrants that he, she or it:
a)
will not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, publish,
reproduce, license, create derivative works from, assign, transfer or sell any
information, software, products or services obtained from or via the web site;
b)
will not perform or permit performance of any activity, such as cracking
or hacking, nor perform or permit performance of denial of service attacks.
Users who violate systems or network security may incur criminal or civil
liability.
3.2 The Customer may download one copy of the Site for
his/her personal, noncommercial use only, but not for the purpose of reproducing
or posting the Content anywhere on the Internet, provided that the Customer
maintains all copyright and other notices contained in such Content. Copying or
storing of any Content for other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly
prohibited without the prior written permission from Michelle Chumash, V&S Vin&
Sprit AB, or the copyright holder identified in the individual Content's
proprietary notices including copyright notice.
3.3 The Customer agrees to fully indemnify and to hold
Michelle Chumash harmless from and against any claim brought by a third party
resulting from the use of the Service or the Michelle Chumash telecommunications
network and the Internet by the Customer and in respect of all losses (whether
direct, indirect, consequential or otherwise), costs, actions, proceedings,
claims, damages, expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses), or
liabilities, whatsoever suffered or incurred directly by Michelle Chumash in
consequence of the Customer's breach or non-observance of these terms and
conditions.
3.4 The Customer is liable to pay all and any additional
charges in connection with the use of the Service including those which may be
levied by the Customer's telephone and/or Internet service provider.
4. Security
4.1 The Customer acknowledges that Michelle Chumash is
unable to exercise control over, and makes no representations, warranties or
conditions concerning, the security or content of data or information passing
over the Internet.
4.2 The Customer acknowledges that the Services are
available via the Internet and although Michelle Chumash will endeavor to
maintain the security of information it cannot guarantee that information the
Customer receives or supplies when using the Services will be secure at all
times.
5. Connection to Other Networks and Third Party Sites
5.1 The Service may be used by the Customer to view various
information posted by Michelle Chumash and link into other web sites or networks
worldwide, and the Customer agrees to comply with the acceptable use policies as
advised by such networks. The Customer accepts that Michelle Chumash does not
control such linked sites and is not responsible for, and makes no
representations concerning any linked site, any link contained in a linked site
or their contents.
5.2 Any inclusion of links into other web sites or networks
is for the Customer's convenience and does not imply Michelle Chumash's
endorsement of the material available on or via those web sites or networks or
any associations with their operators. The Customer accesses those sites and
uses their products and services solely at Customer's own risks.
5.3 Michelle Chumash does not represent that the content or
services available from third party sites are appropriate or available for use
in all parts of the world. If the Customer accesses other content or other
services from third party sites, Michelle Chumash is not responsible for the
Customer's compliance with local laws or other applicable laws.
6. Personal Information
6.1 By accessing this site, you agree that Michelle Chumash
has the right to put the names and other information from the registration form
relating to its Customers or from use of the Service by the Customer into a
computerized directory either:
a)
for use by Michelle Chumash for sales and marketing purposes; or
b)
in connection with the prevention or detection of crime and fraud; or
6.2 The purposes for which Michelle Chumash may use your
information and the persons to whom we may disclose it are set out in greater
details in our privacy policy.
7. General
7.1 Changes to these terms and conditions - Michelle
Chumash may vary these terms and conditions from time to time without notice to
you. Such changes will be notified to the Customer by posting on the web site at
www.absolutad.com. Changes in this manner will be deemed to have been accepted
if the Customer continues to use the Service after the date of posting on the
website.
7.2 Force Majeure - Michelle Chumash will not be liable in
respect of any failure to comply with its obligations under these terms and
conditions as a result of any cause beyond its reasonable control including
without limitation an Act of God, inclement weather, act or omission of
government or other networks or other competent authority or other party for
whom Michelle Chumash is not responsible.
7.3 Jurisdiction - This website (excluding any linked third
party sites) is controlled by Michelle Chumash. By accessing this site the
Customer accepts that this contract and any disputes about this web site are to
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States
and the Customer agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of
the United States. This web site may be accessed throughout the United States
and abroad. Michelle Chumash makes no representation that the content of this
site complies with the laws (including intellectual property laws) of any
country outside the United States. If the Customer accesses this site from
outside the United States, he, she or it does so at their own risk and is
responsible for ensuring compliance with all laws in the place where the
Customer is located.
7.4 Confidentiality - Michelle Chumash does not guarantee
that the Customer's use of this web site will be confidential. Michelle Chumash
is not responsible for any harm that the Customer or any person may suffer as a
result of confidentiality in respect of the Customer's use of this site. Any
information that the Customer discloses on this site may not be secure during
its transmission over the Internet. Third parties may be able to intercept
transmissions which the Customer makes when using this web site.
8. Customer agrees to be bound by these terms and
conditions
The Customer acknowledges that the Customer has read and
accepts these terms and conditions. Use of the Service by the Customer is deemed
acceptance of these terms and conditions.
In case you do not agree to these terms and conditions, we urge you not to use this web site
and leave it immediately.
Privacy Policy
Michelle Chumash may hold information relating to you that you have provided
to us via the web site at www.absolutad.com.
This information may include, amongst other information, your name and email
address.
1. How Michelle Chumash may use that Personal Information
Your information may be held and used by us solely for purposes connected
with the sale, promotion and marketing of our products and services, which
include:
1.1 processing your orders or applications;
1.2 providing you with products and/or services requested
1.3 dealing with requests, inquiries or complaints and other customer care
related activities;
1.4 investigating, preventing or taking action regarding illegal activities,
suspected fraud, violation of either Michelle Chumash's or V&S Vin & Sprit AB's
intellectual property rights, situations involving potential threats to the
physical safety of any person, violations of the site's terms of use, or
otherwise as required by law.
2. Sharing your Personal Information
2.1 Michelle Chumash will never disclose your personal information, in whole or in part, to third parties for any purpose, commercial or not.
3. Opt Out Policy And Review Of Information
3.1 In the event you wish to alter or delete any of your personal, contact or other information in Michelle Chumash's possession at any time for any reason, you should send a specific request in this respect
4. Privacy Protection for Underage Persons
The Site does not target underage persons, meaning persons under the legal drinking age in their respective jurisdiction, or provide products or services for such persons. Michelle Chumash does not knowingly collect information from underage persons. If you are under the legal drinking age in your jurisdiction, you may not use this Site.
Contact us젨::젨Terms and conditions젨::젨Copyright