http://www.encore-editions.com/privacy-policy/
All prices are in USD
|
215-933-5047 / 1-888-415-4434
Compare
Gift Certificates
Sign in or Register
Cart 0
Search
Home
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information that applies to our Service, and your choices about the collection and use of your information. By using the site you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this policy.
Encore Editions is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy deals with our online collection, use and disclosure of personal information. The terms of this policy apply to all personal information collected by Encore Editions on the website Encore-Editions.com.
This site is operated by Encore Editions Holdings, LLC (“Encore Editions”). For personal information protection purposes, Encore Editions is the controller and, unless otherwise noted, is also the processor of the personal information. Information collected may be retained as long as it is reasonably required for the purposes it was collected.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may from time to time revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our services and from customer feedback. When any changes are made to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this statement. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice on our site or by directly sending you a notification to the email address you have registered on our site. We recommend you regularly review this Privacy Policy for any updates or changes.
Consent to Collection of Your Personal Information
When you visit this site, certain kinds of non-personal information, such as the website that referred you to us, your IP address, browser type and language, and access times, may be collected automatically as part of the site's operation. We also may collect navigational information, including information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions taken in connection with the site. Demographic information (e.g., your occupation, hobbies, gender, or interests) may also be collected and may be linked to your personal information. We only collect personal information about you after you have provided us with your consent to collect that specific information. By voluntarily providing this information to us, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as set out in this privacy policy.
What Information Do We Collect?
You may browse the site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Once you register on the site you are no longer anonymous to us. When you place an order, we ask you to provide personal information such as your name, mailing address, billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card number and its expiration date. If you are ordering for the first time, we also require that you choose a user name and password so we can create your account. When you sell artwork on Encore Editions we may also ask you for your Federal Tax ID number or your Social Security number so we may pay your earnings on any items sold. Finally, we also maintain a history of the products you have ordered. All of the information gained through this process may be used by Encore Editions, as well as providers of related services, in order to process your transaction.
We may also collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions taken in connection with the Encore Editions site or services. We also collect information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring Web site addresses.
When you receive newsletters or promotional emails from Encore Editions, we may use web beacons, customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the email has been opened and which links you click on in order to provide more focused email communications or other information.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We collect your personal information to carry out the transactions you have requested. Our goal is to provide you with a secure and efficient experience on our site. We may also use your information to provide you with more effective customer service, customize, measure, and improve our product, services, and technologies. We may also use your personal information to communicate with you. We may send certain mandatory service communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders, information on technical service issues, and security announcements. We may also occasionally send product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other product or services available from Encore Editions.
Will We Share Your Personal Information?
Encore Editions will not disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent. We will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to outside parties. Encore Editions may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i)comply with the law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property, or safety of Encore Editions, our users or others.
We may occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing of delivery of mailings, providing customer support, hosting websites, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.
Policy of Children's Use of the Site
Encore Editions is intended for users age 13 or older. We will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children we know to be under the age of 13. Any information that we know is from a child under the age of 13 will be deleted. Those between the age of 13 and 17 may only use Encore Editions with permission and supervision of a parent or legal guardian. Your parent or guardian may request that we delete any personal information in our database and/or opt out from receiving any communication from us.
Do We Use Cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Encore Editions uses cookies to store information that may uniquely identify our users and securing their personal information. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer.
Do We Use Web Beacons?
Encore Editions may use web beacons in promotional emails messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened or acted upon. Encore Editions may also employ web beacons from third parties in order to help us compile aggregated statistics and determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns. We prohibit Web beacons on our site from being used by third parties to collect or access your personal information.
How do I change or request the removal of my account & personal information?
You may update your account information and email-communication preferences at any time by logging in to your account and changing your profile settings. You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. If you request the removal of your account information or account closure, please contact us at artists@encore-editions.com and we will do so promptly. Please note that we will only retain your previous order history, without your personal information, for our order tracking and accounting purposes. If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us directly at artists@encore-editions.com.
Updated 5/17/2018
×