http://www.beertools.com/html/privacy.php
Tools
Recipe Generator
Recipe Calculator
Final Analysis
My BeerTools
Saved Recipes
Library Entries
Favorite Recipes
Downloads
Recipes
Articles
Forum
Store
Shop
Search
View Cart
Checkout
Support
Tools
Recipe Generator
Recipe Calculator
Final Beer Analysis
Account
Register
Modify Account
Upgrade to GOLD!
Credit: $0.00
Privacy Policy
BeerTools LLC is the company that maintains the BeerTools.com website and develops the products and services offered. This privacy policy explains what personal information we collect about you and how we use the information.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information to improve your experience on our website as well as maintain a record of subscriptions, licenses and other purchases. We collect information in the following ways:
Information you give us. We collect information from you when you register to use our tools or place an order. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete surveys, provide feedback, or contribute to our recipe library or discussion forum.
When registering or ordering on our site, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
Log information. When you use our website and services, we automatically collect information in server logs. This includes Internet protocol address, browser type, browser language, device type, device operating system, date and time, referral URL and the page or resource accessed. For some services, software license key is recorded.
How do we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to process your orders, manage your account and provide a way to personalize your repeat visits to this website. We use order information as proof of license ownership or subscription status.
We use your personal information when notifying you of important updates and changes affecting your account and, if you agree, email you about products and services we think may be of interest to you.
When processing an order, we may send your details to, and also use information from credit bureaus, credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about our products and, if you agree, those offered by other companies which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please visit the account profile area.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you. To request a copy of this information please contact us using our customer support area. At our discretion, we may charge a small fee for this service.
We want your personal information to be accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate. You may also make changes to your personal information by visiting the account profile area.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small text files stored on your computer that allow a website to know when a visitor returns. This information is used to personalize our website for each visitor and to compile statistical reports of website activity.
To learn more about cookies visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies can be disabled in your browser. However, important features of our website, such as user login, fail to function without cookies.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. When you follow links to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
Our privacy policy may change from time to time. We will post any updates to our privacy policy on this page. Sometimes we may alert you to changes to this policy when you login to use services on our website. In that event, you have the choice to accept the changes or discontinue the login process. This privacy policy was last modified on May 15, 2018.
How to contact us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
https://www.beertools.com/support/
Tools | My BeerTools | Recipes | Articles | Forum | Store | Support
Affiliate Program | Privacy | Terms of Service
© Copyright 1999-2020 BeerTools LLC. All rights reserved.