http://www.abra1st.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
American Bulldog Registry & Archives – Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. That’s why we’ve created this simplified privacy policy, to help you easily understand what we do with your information.
ABOUT US
We are American Bulldog Registry & Archives, with our homepage at http://www.abra1st.com
You can contact us at Email@ABRA1st.com
“We”, “us” and “our” on this page refer to American Bulldog Registry & Archives.
OUR POLICY IN A NUTSHELL
We will NEVER sell your details to anyone else, and we’ll NEVER spam you! You can ALWAYS opt-out of our communications, just by telling us. Unless communicating with you via Facebook messenger, every non-transactional email we send includes an unsubscribe link in the footer. We promise never to do anything “weird” with your information.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect all the information you’d expect for our sites to operate correctly. For email subscriptions, we collect the name and email address provided, as well as the signup & confirmation IP addresses. For purchases, we collect the name, email address, postal address, and payment details provided, as well as your IP address. For support questions, we use the return email address to reply to the query, and possibly offer an email subscription. We may also collect other aggregate information to improve our systems, such as server logs and email click counts.
SECURE PURCHASES
Your payment information is handled in the most secure manner possible. All payment data is secured during the ordering process using encryption. We NEVER permanently store your credit card details. Payment data is typically handled by Stripe.
WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION
We will use the information you provide to help complete the service you have asked of us. For email subscriptions, we will use this data to send you the information you requested – such as puppy information or our regular newsletter. For purchases, we will use this data to complete the order – such as sending out download links, or physically mailing out a product. If you have provided your telephone number to us, we may call you to check on your progress with your puppy, and maybe offer additional support. If you have provided your mailing address, we may send you extra material that we deem relevant. We aim for all of our communications to be relevant. You can opt-out of any communication at any time simply by letting us know.
OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
We don’t take security lightly. We know your information is important. We have taken measures to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information. We have appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information you provide.
OTHER THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW
If you have questions about the information we hold about you, you can contact us for more information. We never collect or maintain information from those we know are under 18. Our sites and products are aimed at responsible adults, aged 18 or over.
Recent Posts
ABRA Benefits
Welcome to the ABRA
ABRA Registered Puppies For Sale
Search for:
Loading...