http://www.bassfishin.com/privacy-policy.php
BassFishin.Com Website Privacy Statement
Effective Date: This Privacy Policy was last updated on March 6, 2010.
1. ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
BassFishin.Com (collectively "we", or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when a visitor (collectively "user", or "you", or "your computer") interacts with our website. By accessing BassFishin.Com, you acknowledge and fully understand BassFishin.Com’s Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in the BassFishin.Com Privacy Statement.
2. PARTICIPATING MERCHANT POLICIES
Related services and offerings with links from this website, including vendor sites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Online merchants and others who participate in BassFishin.Com services are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
BassFishin.Com collects certain information from and about its users in different ways: directly from our Web Server logs, with Cookies, the user and other technologies, including, but not limited to, javascript.
a. Web Server Logs.
When you visit our Website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
Your Internet protocol address.
The kind of browser or computer you use.
Number of links you click within the site.
Location-specific information such as the State or country from which you accessed the site.
Date and time of your visit.
Name of your Internet service provider.
Web page you linked to our site from.
Pages you viewed on the site.
This information may be shared with partners of BassFishin.Com and other third parties including, but not limited to analytics providers, email service providers and ad networks.
b. Use of Cookies
BassFishin.Com may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web Server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized functionality.
BassFishin.Com reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies and to allow other companies and partners to place third-party cookies on our website.
Such reasons for third-party cookies include, but are not limited to, circumstances where there is a temporary, overriding customer value or behavioral ad tracking.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our Website.
c. Personal Information Users
Visitors to our website can register to use or purchase services. When you register, we will request some personal information such as name, address, email, telephone number or facsimile number, account number and other relevant information. If you are purchasing a service, we will request financial information. Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for the services you purchased. If you purchase by credit card, this information may be forwarded to your credit card provider or credit card payment processor. For other types of registrations, we will ask for the relevant information. You may also be asked to disclose personal information to us so that we can provide assistance and information to you. For example, such data may be warranted in order to provide online technical support and troubleshooting.
You may also be asked to take part in an online survey, in which you would disclose relevant information to questions we ask.
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission, except:
To fulfill your service requests for services,
To someone you have assigned to act on your behalf, such as an agent.
To a very limited amount to our employees, affiliates, partners, consultants, contractors, service providers, suppliers, agents, subsidiaries and any other persons acting on our behalf,
To protect ourselves from liability,
To respond to legal process or comply with law, or
In connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the company.
d. Other Technologies; Javascript
When you visit our website, we may from time to time record your viewing session using a technology called Javascript, which is common code found in a Web Page.
Such recordings can save the scrolling and mouse pointer activity within the viewport of the web browser you use to access our website.
Such recordings may be shared with third party analytics vendors for the purposes of web usability improvements and testing.
These recordings may contain identifiable information, including, but not limited to, your IP address, operating system and access times.
4. ACCESSING WEB ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We will provide you with the means to ensure that personally identifiable information in your web accounts or otherwise is correct and current. You may review this information by contacting us by sending an email to our support attendant – help@bassfishin.com.
5. SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
BassFishin.Com will make every effort to ensure the safekeeping and security of all visitors personal information.
6. CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
BassFishin.Com has the discretion to occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "updated" date at the top of this Privacy page. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
7. CONTACTING US
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices, please contact us at help@bassfishin.com.
You may also write to us at:
BassFishin.Com LLC.
1121 Annapolis Rd. #284
Odenton, MD 21113-1633 USA
Phone: (410) 451-1830
BassFishin.Com will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond and resolve any problem or question.
Return to BassFishin.Com