http://www.aroadventures.com/contact-us/privacy-policy
Whitewater Rafting
Black River Rafting
Hudson River Rafting
Moose River
Choosing a Trip
Family Fun
Adventure Center
Photos & Videos
Video
Photos
Why ARO
About ARO History and Accomplishments
Special Offers
Safety
News and information ARO Adventure Blog
Meet Our Guides and staff
Contact Us
Reservation Inquiry
Available for Reservation
Privacy Policy
Schedule and FAQs
2020 Schedule
FAQs
Participant Release
Parent Release
Hudson River Gorge FAQs
Vacation Planning
Adventure Center
Hudson River Vacations
Black River Vacations
Old Forge
1000 Islands / Eastern Lake Ontario
Gore Mountain Region
Lake George
Lake Placid Region
Indian Lake - Blue Mountain Lake Area
Climbing Instruction and Guideing
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for aroadventures.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to provide you with a newsletter, tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 315-369-3536 or via email.
Information Requests
In order to use this  website to obtain additional information, a user must first complete a form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
ReservationsWe request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information such as name and email, and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.