http://www.lionelcollectors.org/about-our-club/privacy_policy.aspx
Username:
Password:
Join Our Club
Join Our Club OverviewMember ApplicationGift Membership Application
LCCA Store
Shopping CartLCCA Product AnnouncementsCustomer AdminOrders
LCCA Events
LCCA Events OverviewSpecial Events CalendarPrevious Special Events
LCCA Newsstand
LCCA Newsstand OverviewPublicationsLCCA News - CurrentLCCA News - ArchiveNews Media Center
For Junior Members
For Junior Members OverviewPuzzles and Games Gallery
Ask Our Experts
Ask Our Experts OverviewFrequently Asked Questions
Lionel Connection
Lionel Connection OverviewLionel LinksConversations with LionelLionel Announcements
Annual Conventions
Annual Conventions OverviewFAQsInfo for NewbiesHistory & RecapsConvention CarConvention Related Product Offerings
Membership Benefits
Membership Benefits Overview Products
LCCA Galleries
LCCA Gallery OverviewVideo GalleryCommercials GalleryPhoto Gallery
About Our Club
About Our Club OverviewClub History
Officers, Directors & OfficialsGrading Standards Constitution & ByLawsPolicy ManualPrivacy Policy
Home
Lionel Collectors Club of America/About Our Club/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The security and privacy of your personal information are very important to the Lionel Collectors Club of America, hereafter referred to as the LCCA. We want you to feel comfortable with the steps the LCCA takes to protect the personal information you give to us when visiting our site or ordering from it.
We encourage you to read on carefully so you can make informed choices about the sharing of your personal information with the LCCA, our agents or business referrals from our site. You play an important role in protecting your personal information. It all begins with awareness of how your information is used and what you can do when it’s misused.
How your personal information helps us serve you better:
A more user friendly website visit, based on your needs and preferences
An easier website shopping experience
Faster order processing and delivery
Special product and service offerings
Personalized website content
How LCCA intends to respect your personal information:
When we collect information that identifies you personally, we will let you know.
We will not sell or rent your personal information.
We will share your personal information with:
our agents, who will use your personal information to fulfill their service in facilitating your order with us. By placing an order with us, you automatically give our agents consent to use your personal information.
business referrals, who offer goods or services which may be of interest to you. With your consent, we share your personal information with them. We will inform you when leaving LCCA to visit their site. Please refer to their privacy policy.
We protect your online LCCA store transactions with Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) 1024-bit encryption.
Want more information on how LCCA collects your personal information, where we collect it and what we do with it?
Please read on.
Notice of Information Collection and Use (what, how, where and who)
Consent (who can use your information)
Security
Enforcement (feedback and problem resolution)
Notice to Parents
Cookies & Visitor Profiles
Refusing Cookies
Notification of Changes
Notice of Information Collection and Use
Who is collecting your personal information?
LCCA collects information that identifies a specific individual who visits a LCCA website. This type of information is called personally identifiable information.
LCCA’s business partners and third party host(s), companies contracted by LCCA to host a company website, also may collect personal information from Our website.
What Personally Identifiable Information is being collected and where is it being collected?
What we collect:
Any information that identifies a specific user, such as:
Name
Mailing Address (home or business)
E-mail address
Credit card number
Gender
Telephone number
Language
Information about your computer hardware and software, such as:
Internet Provider (IP) address
Browser type
Domain names
Access times
Referring website addresses
With your permission, personal information about your friends or persons that you would like to refer to LCCA, so we may contact them about special offers that may interest them.
We do not collect sensitive information, such as:
Race
Religion
Political Affiliations
Sexual orientation
Ethnicity
Where we collect it:
Personal information is collected when you:
order or register for products or services,
make requests to receive materials (for example e-mail newsletters),
enter contests,
inform us of a change of address, or
apply for membership
To gather information about site preferences, LCCA, its business partners and third party host(s) may use a cookie. If you allow LCCA to use a cookie, your browser adds a piece of text (the cookie) to your computer’s hard drive in the form of a small file.
LCCA may acquire more personal information about website visitors through business partners or third party information collectors, who monitor and collect data on the use of our site. LCCA gathers this information to better understand audience behavior so the visitor’s website experience may be improved.
How will personal information used?
LCCA, its business partners, intermediaries (like credit card companies or shippers) or third party website host(s) may use personal information:
for statistical analysis of website and page usage to determine the most popular sites and services.
to personalize the website visit so it’s more user friendly and relevant to you. Visitor profiles are created from cookie data or other anonymous identifiers, which help LCCA personalize your website content.
to contact you for market research.
to save you time and make the site easier to use. Cookies tell us that you have returned to a specific page and recall your personal information.
to tailor the website experience so it meets visitor preferences and improves service.
to process your order(s), apply for membership, register for events, or inform our business office of status changes in your membership.
Credit card numbers are used only for:
payment processing
fraud protection
Third party information collector(s), who monitor and collect data on our website usage:
may include personal information gathered from our website as aggregated data, for example research on the top visited hobby sites. They may not use personal information in connection with such data.
LCCA may use your personal information to protect or defend:
the rights or property of LCCA and its websites, and
the personal safety of LCCA site visitors and users of its websites.
Consent
What information being collected is mandatory or optional for the use of this website?
The collection of personal information is mandatory when you have requested a service from LCCA online, such as:
ordering products or services,
apply for membership, or
submit information to our business office.
The following information collected through the use of a cookie is optional:
IP address
Browser type
Domain names
Access times
Referring website addresses
Also, optional is personal information about your friends or persons that you would like to refer to LCCA.
Who will LCCA share personal information with?
Your personal information is never shared outside the organization without your permission, except under conditions explained below.
With member consent, LCCA may share personal information with its third party website hosts and intermediaries (like credit card companies and shippers), who help us:
operate our websites.
deliver the services you have requested, such as:
packaging,
mailing and delivering purchases,
answering member questions about products and services,
sending postal mail, and
processing event registration.
perform statistical analysis on website usage.
LCCA, its business partners, or website host(s) will not sell or lease personal information to anyone. All are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
LCCA will respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, without notifying the member.
Advertising partners, and LCCA, may use web beacons, with the assistance of cookies, to count user visits and to deliver co-branded services. web beacons do not access your personal information; they are used to compile aggregate statistics on website usage. To prevent third-parties from sending and receiving cookies on your computer, visit each ad network’s website individually and request that you be removed from its system.
LCCA may allow other companies to offer registered members information about their products and services, using postal mail only.
Is personal information being supplemented by any third parties?
To help improve website experience, LCCA may acquire more personal information about its website visitors through business partners or third-party information collectors, who monitor and collect data on the use of our site.
What choice do individuals have about the way personal information is collected, used and distributed?
You can choose to:
share information about your friends or family.
allow LCCA to use a cookie to gather information about your site preferences.
permit LCCA to share personal information with third parties without your permission, other than the limited exceptions already described.
receive unsolicited direct marketing information from LCCA.
accept offers from third parties.
opt out of LCCA contact, which cancels all membership communication and newsletters provided electronically. To do this, we will need your name, e-mail and/or home address and related information about LCCA subscriptions or registrations to our business office.
Should individuals directly contact third parties, who collect information from LCCA’s site, about their collection, use and distribution policies?
You should review the privacy statements of third party collectors to understand how those they collect, use and share your information.
Does the LCCA site contain links to other websites?
Yes. For your convenience, we provide links to other websites. LCCA is not responsible for the privacy practices, the content or the product or service offerings of any third party website. For your protection, you should review the privacy statement for each site you visit.
Does LCCA site have a referral service so friends may be referred to this site?
Yes. With your permission, LCCA may ask for personal information about your friends, or persons that you would like to refer to LCCA, so we may contact them about special offers that might interest them.
How will LCCA contact you or your friend(s) in the future?
Yes. LCCA may contact you and your friend(s) through:
surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or potential new services.
periodic e-mails, which inform you of membership issues, product surveys, new feature announcements and news about products and services.
newsletters which provide information about our products and services.
Registering allows you to tell us how or whether you want to be contacted and establish your preferences for what information you want to receive and how you receive it. In some cases, you may also opt-out of being contacted by us.
LCCA gives you the option to choose whether you’d like to receive marketing e-mail from us. We also will offer you the option to discontinue receiving such e-mails.
LCCA partners, who offer our registered members information, may contact you by postal mail or email. If you don’t want to receive their information, please indicate this when you register with us.
Security
What is LCCA’s commitment to security mechanisms to protect collected personal information?
LCCA attempts to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
LCCA secures your personal information on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, which is protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
We use encryption when collecting from you sensitive data such as credit card information. Personal information (such as credit card number) is collected through the use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encrypted protection.
Enforcement
What process is available for individuals to provide feedback on problems encountered at this website? How are problems resolved?
LCCA welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If you believe that LCCA has not adhered to this statement, please contact LCCA by e-mail or postal mail.
LCCA Business Office (office@lionelcollectors.org)
LCCA Business Office
P.O. Box 4708
St. Paul, MN 55104-0708
Notice to Parents
What method does LCCA have in place to verify parental consent? According to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), effective April 12, 2000, if a website collects age and the user is under 13 years of age, there needs to be a mechanism (such as e-mail, telephone, or fax) which will verify parental consent for the child to use the site.
LCCA encourages parents to be an active participant in their child’s online activities and interests. LCCA does not knowingly target children nor will we knowingly collect data from them.
Cookies & Visitor Profiles
What is a cookie? How does using cookies benefit my visit?
A cookie:
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server.
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information about you, besides the data you choose to share with us.
Cookies may be used in the following ways at the LCCA site.
Temporary cookies used as part of the web navigation experience, for example at product ordering, tracking your unique user ID for that particular website session. You can deny the cookie and still browse anonymously.
Cookies may be used when you subscribe to free newsletters offered through the LCCA site. It ensures you are accurately identified and linked to your registration data.
Temporary “authentication” cookies may be used to assure secure access to your personal information by you.
Cookies may be used to collect aggregated site-visitation statistics using.
The use of the cookie may allow you to visit other participating LCCA websites without having to sign in to each website.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the LCCA services or websites you visit.
You may set your web browser (Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator) to notify you of cookie placement requests or decline cookies completely. You can delete the files that contains cookies; those files are stored as part of your Internet browser. If you want to learn more about refusing cookies, please see “How to Refuse Cookies”.
Benefits:
Cookies give you a better website to use, by letting us know what’s working and what isn’t through site traffic analysis. web beacons, which tell LCCA how many visitors clicked on key elements (such as links or graphics), may use cookies. This technology does not collect personal information. Instead, it is used to help us compile aggregated statistics about LCCA site usage.
To ensure we are publishing content visitors need and want, LCCA websites may use “cookies” to help personalize your online experience. By gathering and remembering information about your preferences, the website can tailor its operation to your personal needs, likes and dislikes.
Refusing Cookies
How do I refuse the use of cookies?
You can change your browser to notify you about cookies, so you can choose to accept the cookie or not. If you do not accept cookies then you may not be able to access some of our web page(s) properly.
How do I learn more about cookies and setting their preferences?
Click here to get more information about cookies.
Notification of Changes
How will you be notified if there is a change in privacy practice?
LCCA encourages you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how LCCA is protecting your information. As the Internet matures, our policies pertaining to privacy information may need to be modified.
Glossary of Terms
Agents: Third parties who act on LCCA’s behalf, such as:
intermediaries (like credit card companies or shippers) who process orders,
website hosts, or
information collectors, who collect and analyze aggregated visitor data without identifying individuals.
About Our Club
About Our Club OverviewClub History
Officers, Directors & OfficialsPast Officers and DirectorsGrading Standards Constitution & ByLawsPolicy ManualPrivacy Policy
Give us Feedback on our LCCA Website
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Sitemap
©2020 by Lionel Collectors Club of America. All Rights Reserved
Design & Search Engine Optimization by Aristotle®