http://www.usscalemasters.org/forumsmf2/index.php?PHPSESSID=q4fhqd1hueboae4up87lssef71&page=privacy_policy
Welcome, Guest. Please login or register.
Home
Community
Forums
Downloads
Chat
Images/Videos
Calendar
Search
Help
USSMA Info
USSMA Contacts
USSMA History
USSMA Privacy Policy
Login
Register
Images/Videos
Multimedia Stats
Search
Downloads
06 Nov 2012 -
USSMA Privacy Policy
Tue, 11/06/12, 11:24 PM
10975 Views
Print
U.S Scale Masters Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of US Scale Masters Association.
Our postal address is:
USSMA Director of Administration
C/O Mitchell Baker
2878 Mariposa Drive
Terre Haute Indiana, 47803
We can be reached via e-mail at dirofadmin@usscalemasters.org
or you can reach us by telephone at (812)236-5351
For each visitor to our Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the e-mail addresses and IP of those who access our bulletin board, communicate with us via e-mail, post in our chat areas, volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information, mailing list subscriptions, and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review, improve the content of our Web site, to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, notify consumers about updates to our Web site, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of \ these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Click here for problems, comments or information about website.
SMF 2.0.17 |
SMF © 2019, Simple MachinesSMFAds for Free ForumsTinyPortal © 2005-2012 | Powered by SMFPacks WYSIWYG Editor | Powered by SMFPacks SEO Pro Mod | Sitemap
Bigsky by, Crip
Page created in 0.289 seconds with 29 queries.