http://www.dlhill.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Skip to content
Home
Buyer’s Guides
Care
Maintenance
Tos
Privacy Policy
The Team
Get In Touch
Privacy Policy:DHL Auto Network ("DHL Auto Network") operates dlhill.com and may operate other websites. It is DHL Auto Network's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, DHL Auto Network collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. DHL Auto Network's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how DHL Auto Network's visitors use its website. From time to time, DHL Auto Network may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
DHL Auto Network also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on dlhill.com blogs/sites. DHL Auto Network only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to DHL Auto Network's websites choose to interact with DHL Auto Network in ways that require DHL Auto Network to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that DHL Auto Network gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at dlhill.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with DHL Auto Network are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, DHL Auto Network collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with DHL Auto Network. DHL Auto Network does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
DHL Auto Network may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. DHL Auto Network may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, DHL Auto Network does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
DHL Auto Network discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on DHL Auto Network's behalf or to provide services available at DHL Auto Network's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using DHL Auto Network's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. DHL Auto Network will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, DHL Auto Network discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when DHL Auto Network believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of DHL Auto Network, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an DHL Auto Network website and have supplied your email address, DHL Auto Network may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with DHL Auto Network and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. DHL Auto Network takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. DHL Auto Network uses cookies to help DHL Auto Network identify and track visitors, their usage of DHL Auto Network website, and their website access preferences. DHL Auto Network visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using DHL Auto Network's websites, with the drawback that certain features of DHL Auto Network's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If DHL Auto Network, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that DHL Auto Network goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of DHL Auto Network may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by DHL Auto Network and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, DHL Auto Network may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in DHL Auto Network's sole discretion. DHL Auto Network encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a dlhill.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Follow us
facebook
pinterest
Search for:
Search
Pages
4 tips to take care of your car
Get In Touch
Privacy Policy
The Team
Tos
Facebook
Facebook
Recent Posts
How to Clean Your Car Wheels
Reasons to Hire a Limo
Steps on Buying a Used Car
Personal Traits and Skills of Successful Electrician
Regular Car Maintenance
Considerations when choosing car wax and polish
Things that may affect the resale price of your bike
Categories
Auto
Buyer's Guides
Maintenance
Services
Uncategorized
Partners
Our Friends
- DHL Auto Network © 2020
×