http://www.itchyfeet.org/terms.htm
|
Guestbook
|
Contact
Us | Terms | Home
|
Enter
your keyword:
USER'S
AGREEMENT OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
AGREEMENT TO TERMS
By entering the Itchyfeet
Online Travel Web Site (www.itchyfeet.org) you acknowledge and agree
to the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms,
DO NOT USE THIS SITE. The legal information is applicable to all pages
of the Itchyfeet Online Travel Web Site, unless explicitly stated
otherwise on any particular page.
TERMS
AND CONDITIONS FOR SUBMITTING CONTENT
We accept personal
accounts, texts, articles and photographs from anyone willing to share
their own experiences. Images submitted should be accompanied with a short
description that indicates the location. Please submit all images at a
width of 800-1000 pixels, preferably as JPEGs saved with at least 90% quality.
Itchyfeet Online
Travel only accepts original material for consideration from the
Copyright holder. By submitting material to this site (www.itchyfeet.org),
or to any individual acting on behalf of this site, you warrant that
any text, photo, article or content submitted to us is your own and that
our use of it does not infringe on Copyright Law.
By making a submission
you grant this site (www.itchyfeet.org) unrestricted use of of that content
on this site and any subsequent revisions of this site. Submitting content
to us does not constitute an agreement by us to use such content, and we
reserve the right to edit all submissions as we may deem necessary should
we decide to include them.
ENTRY AT YOUR
OWN RISK
By entering this
site you acknowledge and agree that your use is at your own risk and that
none of the parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering this
site are liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or
punitive damages, or any losses, costs or expenses of any kind which may
arise, directly or indirectly, through the access to, the use of or browsing
of this site or through your downloading of any materials, text, data,
images, video or audio from this site, including but not limited to anything
caused by any viruses, bugs, human action or inaction of any computer system,
phone line, hardware, software or program malfunctions, or any other errors,
failures or delays in computer transmissions or network connections.
NO WARRANTY ON
CONTENTS, INFORMATION AND MATERIALS
Although the specifications,
features, illustrations, equipment and other information contained in the
site are based upon up-to-date information, and while Itchyfeet Online
Travel (www.itchyfeet.org) makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that
all material on this site is correct, accuracy cannot be guaranteed and Itchyfeet
Online Travel (www.itchyfeet.org) makes no warranties or representations
as to its accuracy. All contents, information and materials contained in
this site are provided to you "AS IS", without any warranty of any kind,
either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranty
of merchantibility, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
COPYRIGHTS BELONG
TO ITCHYFEET ONLINE TRAVEL (www.itchyfeet.org)
Itchyfeet Online
Travel, the copyright owner of this site, prohibits the use of any
portion of this site, including but not limited to the text, images,
audio or video without Itchyfeet Online Travel's express written
permission, except if indicated herein. Without in any way waiving any
of the foregoing rights, you may download one copy of the material on
this site for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you
do not delete or change any copyright, trademark or other proprietary
notices. Modification, repostment or use of the material on this site
for any other purpose violates Itchyfeet Online Travel's legal
rights.
THE ITCHYFEET
ONLINE TRAVEL NAMES, ITCHYFEET.ORG, ITCHYFEET ONLINE TRAVEL, ITCHYFEET
LOGOS AND TRADEMARKS BELONG TO ITCHYFEET ONLINE TRAVEL
By entering this
site you acknowledge and agree that any name, logo, trademark or servicemark
contained on this site is owned or licensed by Itchyfeet Online Travel and
may not be used by you without prior written approval. Itchyfeet Online
Travel (www.itchyfeet.org) will enforce its intellectual property rights
to the full extent of the law. Sound, graphics, charts, text, video, information,
or images of places or people are either the property of Itchyfeet Online
Travel or used on this site with permission. Your use of any of these
materials is prohibited unless specifically provided for on the site. Any
unauthorized use of these materials may subject you to penalties or damages,
including but not limited to those related to violation of trademarks,
copyrights, privacy and publicity rights.
NO CONFIDENTIALITY,
USE OF INFORMATION
By entering this
site, Itchyfeet Online Travel (www.itchyfeet.org) you acknowledge
and agree that any communication or material you transmit to this site,
in any manner and for any reason, will not be treated as confidential or
proprietary. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that any ideas, concepts,
techniques, procedures, methods, systems, designs, plans, charts, or other
materials you transmit to this site may be used by Itchyfeet Online
Travel anywhere, anytime and for any reason whatsoever.
UNLAWFUL BEHAVIOUR
Do not post on this
site, or transmit to this site, any pornographic, obscene, profane, defamatory,
libelous, threatening, unlawful or other materials which could constitute
or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give
rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law or regulation. Notwithstanding
that Itchyfeet Online Travel or other parties are involved in creating,
producing or delivering this site, may monitor or review transmissions,
postings, discussions, chats, Itchyfeet Online Travel and all parties involved
in creating, producing or delivering this site, assume no responsibility
or liability which may arise from the content thereof, including but not
limited to claims for defamation, libel, slander, obscenity, pornography,
profanity or misrepresentation.
HYPERLINKS
Although this site
(www.itchyfeet.org) may be linked to other sites, Itchyfeet Online Travel is
not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship,
endorsement or affiliation with the linked site, unless specifically stated
therein. By entering this site you acknowledge and agree that Itchyfeet
Online Travel has not reviewed all sites linked to this site and is
not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other site
linked to this site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other
sites is at your own risk.
REVISIONS OF THIS
PAGE
Itchyfeet Online
Travel reserves the right to revise this legal information at any
time for any reason and reserves the right to make changes at any time,
without notice or obligation, to any of the information contained on
this site. By entering this site you acknowledge and agree that you shall
be bound by any such revisions. We suggest periodically visiting this
page of the site to review these terms and conditions.
APPLICABLE LAW
By entering this
site you acknowledge and agree that this site will be construed and evaluated
according to the laws of The United States of America and Canada. If you
use this site from another country you are responsible for compliance with
any and all applicable local laws. Itchyfeet Online Travel makes
no representation that the materials contained within this site are appropriate
for countries outside The United States of America and Canada.
RULES OF USE FOR
THE ITCHYFEET ONLINE TRAVEL WEB SITE (www.itchyfeet.org)
RULES OF USE
In order to ensure
that we all enjoy the facilities of the Itchyfeet Online Travel Web
Site, we herewith give a set of rules which apply to the Web Site.
CONDUCT
We reserve the right
at our sole discretion to revoke membership of any individual found: to
be acting in violation of the Membership Agreement or any posted rules;
to be tampering with the operation of this site or any services hereon;
or to be acting in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner, or with intent
to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person. You agree that in
the use of this site -- including but not limited to chat areas, and the
registration of usernames or groupnames -- you will not use obscene, libelous
or slanderous language, or language which infringes upon a third party's
trademark, trade name or other intellectual property right or right to
privacy. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Site Providers, their
respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, sponsors, officers,
consultants, agents, and employees against and from all claims, damages,
liabilities, costs and expenses asserted by third parties alleging that
the site includes obscenity, libel, slander, or infringes upon the third
party's intellectual property or privacy rights, as a direct result of
your actions in the use of the site. You further agree to not knowingly:
damage or cause interruption of the services on the site; prevent others
from using the site; obtain or modify another user's non-public account
information without their consent.
CAUTION ANY ATTEMPT
BY AN INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEBSITE OR UNDERMINE THE
LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF A GAME IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS
AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, SITE PROVIDERS RESERVE THE RIGHT
TO SEEK DAMAGES FROM ANY SUCH PERSON TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY LAW.
LIMITATIONS OF
LIABILITY
Site Providers are
not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused
by website users or by any of the equipment or programming associated with
or utilized in the site or by any technical or human error which may occur
in the processing of submissions in the site. Site Providers assume no
responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect,
delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft
or destruction or authorized access to, or alteration of, entries. Site
Providers are not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction
of any telephone network or lines, computer on-line-systems, servers or
providers, computer equipment, software, failure of email or members on
account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or
at any Website or combination thereof, including injury or damage to members
or to any other person's computer related to or resulting from using services
or downloading materials in this site. If, for any reason, the site is
not capable of running as planned, including infection by computer virus,
bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures,
or any other causes beyond the control of Site Providers which corrupt
or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct
of the site, Site Providers reserve the right to cancel, terminate, modify
or suspend the services or site indefinitely.
ALL COPYRIGHTS
ON THE ITCHYFEET ONLINE TRAVEL WEB SITE (www.itchyfeet.org) BELONG TO
ITCHYFEET ONLINE TRAVEL
We are proud of our
name, products, trademarks and logo's. You acknowledge that these are owned
or licensed by Itchyfeet Online Travel and may not be used by you
without our express written consent. Itchyfeet Online Travel (www.itchyfeet.org)
occasionally receives requests to remove links or guestbook postings from
the Web Site. Please note that the following is the general approach of Itchyfeet
Online Travel:
EXPECTATION OF
PUBLIC AND WIDELY AVAILABLE INFORMATION
We believe that persons
who make information available on the world wide web do so with the expectation
that this information will become publicly and widely available. We further
believe that making available chatroom postings and links to publicly accessible
web pages is legally permitted and consistent with common, customary expectations
of those who make use of the web and usenet communication media. Those
that are in conflict with our rules or in any other way not according to
standards of what the public may expect on the Itchyfeet Online Travel
Web Site will be removed at our sole discretion. It should be noted however
that we cannot guard every part of the Web Site every time of the day,
and that we assume no responsibility or liability which may arise form
the content of any message posted by any third party on the Web Site. We
suggest you also read the legal information, which contains more detailed
information regarding the above.
MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT
FOR ITCHYFEET ONLINE TRAVEL (www.itchyfeet.org)
This site is provided
by Itchyfeet Online Travel and sponsors, collectively referred to
as the "Site Providers". Itchyfeet Online Travel provides site membership
to you, subject to the following Terms, which may be updated by us occasionally
without notice to you. You may review the latest version of the Terms at
this site. When participating in a particular game, contest or other service
you will be subject to any posted rules for that service. By obtaining
a membership, you agree to be bound by this Membership Agreement and all
Terms herein as well as any rules for specific services on this site.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Itchyfeet Online
Travel does not require an-end user to provide a name and address
to use the Itchyfeet Online Travel Web Site. If you choose to
give personal information via the internet that we may need, you can
rely on the following policy. We keep track of the domains from which
you visit us. We analyze this data for trends and statistics. In return
it enables us to provide you with useful information. USE OF COOKIES
We use "cookies", a technology that can be used to provide you with tailored
information from the Itchyfeet Online Travel Web Site. A cookie
is a collection of data (max. 4 Kb) that we can send to your browser,
which may then be stored in your system. We use these cookies on some
of the Itchyfeet Online Travel pages in order to serve you better
when you return to the Web Site. You can set your browser to notify you
when you receive a "cookie" giving you the opportunity to accept or to
refuse it. Your e-mail address will not be used by Itchyfeet Online
Travel outside the Itchyfeet Online Travel Web Site for marketing
purposes without your consent.
GENERAL CONTEST
RULES
This site provides
various contests which you may enter. Following are the general rules that
apply to all contests on the site. In addition, each contest has a specific
set of rules. In the case of conflict, the contest-specific rules apply.
CONTEST ENTRY
All entries must
be posted through Itchyfeet Online Travel contest entry form provided.
1 Entry per person or e-mail address and only 1 entry will count. No responsibility
is assumed by Site Providers for lost, late, misdirected, or illegible
entries or for any computer, online, telephone or technical malfunctions
that may occur. No submissions will be accepted after the posted deadline
for any reason. The sole determinant of time for the purposes of a contest
will be the contest server machine(s). Contestants entering picks close
to the posted deadline do so with this information in mind. All entries
become the property of Site Providers and will not be returned to contest
entrant. Site Provider reserves the right to terminate or modify the terms
of a contest without prior notice. By entering, entrants agree to abide
by the general and specific contest rules and the decisions of the independent
contest organization, which are final.
WINNER NOTIFICATION
Winners will be notified
by email and/or phone within 14 days of determination. If a winner is unreachable
after 7 days, or if that winner is unavailable for prize fulfillment, an
alternate winner will be selected according to the rules from all remaining
eligible entries received. Potential winners must execute and return an
Affidavit of Eligibility/Prize Acceptance Form/Release of Liability within
7 days of notification. Before being declared a winner this form must be
validated. Noncompliance within this time period may result in disqualification
and an alternate winner will be selected. If an eligible winner cannot
be found for a prize, that prize will not be awarded. Prizes take two to
four weeks to deliver from the time we receive all fully completed forms
from the winner.
PRIZE SUBSTITUTION
All prizes must be
accepted as awarded. Prizes are not transferable and not convertible to
cash. No substitution of prizes is permitted except by Site Providers.
Site Providers reserve the right to substitute any prize with another prize
of equal or greater value.
ELIGIBILITY
Each contest is open
to legal residents of the United States (excluding Florida) and Canada
(excluding Quebec), and any nation where the entry of the contest is not
prohibited by law. Contest void where prohibited by law. Contestants residing
in areas where a contest is void may participate in the contest, but will
be ineligible to win prizes. Employees of Site Providers and/or their affiliates,
licensees, their retailers/distributors, prize suppliers, advertising,
promotion and production agencies and members of their immediate families
or those with whom they are domiciled are not eligible to win prizes. Selected
Canadian entrants must first correctly answer a mathematical skill testing
question in order to claim a prize. All applicable taxes are the sole responsibility
of the prize winner. Prize winners are not responsible for shipping charges.
USE OF WINNER
INFORMATION
All prize winners
hereby grant permission to Site Providers and their advertising and promotional
agencies to use winners' names and likenesses for advertising and promotional
purposes without compensation unless prohibited by law.
LIMITATIONS OF
LIABILITY
By entering a contest,
participants release and hold harmless Site Providers, their respective
parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and
agents from any and all liability for any injuries, loss or damage of any
kind arising from or in connection with the contest or any prize won.
TECHNICAL FAILURES
The Site Providers
and its agents are not responsible for technical, hardware or software
failures of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections or failed,
incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions which may limit a
participant's ability to participate in a contest.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The site and all
of the related pages, contents and code are Copyright 1999-2004 Itchyfeet
Online Travel (www.itchyfeet.org). Copying or unauthorized use of any
copyrighted materials, trademarks or any other intellectual property without
express written consent is strictly prohibited.
GENERAL CONDITIONS
The site, contests
and other services herein are governed by the laws of the United States
and Canada. All federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations
apply.
©2004
Itchyfeet Online Travel