http://www.diversatsea.com/privacy-policy
Where Atlanta Learns to Dive
A New World Awaits You
About
What's in Store?
What's in a Brand?
What's in the Rental?
Who Wants to Be Equipped?
Home
Learn to Dive
Getting Started
FAQ
PADI
Improve Your Skills
Advanced
Specialty
Safety
Adaptive
Professional
Travel
Certification Dive Travel
Local Diving Travel
Vacation Dive Travel
Travel Tips
Media
Gallery
Video
Forms
Calendar
Blog
Contact
eLearning
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
updated 10-25-2015 IntroductionThis privacy policy governs the manner in which Divers@Sea collects, uses, maintains and discloses information from users (each, a "user") of the http://www.diversatsea.com Web site. This privacy policy applies to the Web site and all products and services offered by Divers@Sea.Personal identification informationWe may collect personal identification information from users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when users visit our Web site, subscribe to the newsletter, subscribe to the customer loyalty rewards program, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Web site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, birthday. Users may, however, visit our Web site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Web site-related activities.Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about users whenever they interact with our Web site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about users means of connection to our Web site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers used — and other similar information.Web browser cookiesOur Web site may use "cookies" to enhance user experience. User's Web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their Web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Web site may not function properly.How we protect your informationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unaccredited access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Web site.Sensitive and private data exchange between the Web site and its users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.Third-party Web sitesUsers may find advertising or other content on our Web site that link to the Web sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these Web sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site. In addition, these Web sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These Web sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link to our Web site, are subject to that Web site's own terms and policies.Sharing your personal informationWe do not sell, trade, or rent users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the Web site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.How we use collected informationDivers@Sea may collect and use users personal information for the following purposes:(01)To improve service & communication(02)Information you provide helps us respond to your requests and support needs more efficiently.(03)To make the user experience more personal(04)We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Web site.(05)To improve our Web site(06)We may use feedback you provide to improve our services and access.(07)To send periodic e-mails, we may use the e-mail address to respond to inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If user decides to opt-in to our mailing list, he or she will receive e-mails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the user would like to unsubscribe from receiving future e-mails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each e-mail.  Changes to this privacy policyDivers@Sea has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your acceptance of these termsBy using this Web site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Web site. Your continued use of the Web site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. Contacting usIf you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this Web site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us: Contact2297 Peachtree Road • Atlanta, GA 30309info@diversatsea.com(404) 350-8510
Divers@Sea Newsletter Sign-up
*required field
Cart (0)