http://www.placestostay.com/privacy-policy
placestostay.com
$ - USD
$ - AUD
$ - CAD
€ - EUR
£ - GBP
¥ - JPY
$ - NZD
$ - USD
R - ZAR
Privacy Policy
Hi! Before you read our exciting privacy policy, we want it to be known that it’s our goal to make a very easy to use website that helps you find the perfect place to stay. I hope we have achieved this!
If there’s anything you would like us to clarify, please send us a mail at hello@placestostay.com.
Information we collect
To use this website you do not need to provide any personally identifiable information.
The website uses web analytics software to track visitors. Data collected through the web analytics software is collected anonymously.
The website records information about each visitor in a database which is securely stored on its own server. The database stores information on your IP address and information about searches and clicks.
Data is collected in order to improve our software and the user experience for users of the website.
You may opt-in to join our newsletter. Each automated email you receive will contain a link to unsubscribe from our communication. If you choose to unsubscribe, you can choose to opt-in again at a later stage.
We do not share any collected data with third parties.
We are not responsible for the privacy or data procedures of any website which you may use as a result of using this website, either using a link provided by us or otherwise.
Cookies
Cookies are text files that store information about your last visit to the website. Cookies can help websites provide a personalised experience for when you return to the website. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information.
Google services
Google Analytics and Google Adwords is a web analysis service and advertising service provided by Google and are both installed on the website.
Google may use the data collected to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You can find Google's privacy policy here.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may change the privacy policy from time to time and the amended policy will be posted on the website immediately.
Questions
If you have questions or suggestions email us at hello@placestostay.com
Last Update: 28th August, 2015 10:03am
about placestostay.com
Search for the best priced accommodation for you, your family, for less on placestostay.com. No gimmicks, no fuss, just quality accommodation in 100,000+ destinations. Search. Click. Book. Go.
follow us
join our newsletter
Blog
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
© 2020 placestostay.com