https://www.thexkec.co.uk/about-1/conditions-of-use-legal-notices/
Expand/collapse navigation
HOMEABOUT Conditions of Use & Legal NoticesBenefits of being a MemberHow to Find UsThe XKEC TeamGROWLER MagazineJOINFORUMCLASSIFIEDS CLASSIFIEDS - Page 2 CLASSIFIEDS - Page 3MODEL GUIDE X100 XK8XKRVictory4.2-SSilverstoneXKR 100XKR 400XKR SVOPortfolioCarbon FibreTempest / TyphoonStirling MossMerlinStratstone 4.2-SX150 Advanced Lightweight CoupeBriggs CunninghamXK-RSXK-60XKR 5.0XKR 75XK Artisan SEXKR-SXKR-S GTXK SignatureXK Dynamic RXKR Heritage EditionAdvertisementsModified XKsXK Engine DetailingRace XK'sStars and their XKsSHOP Official Club MerchandiseXK Books & MagazinesXK Brochures / Price ListsBack Issues of Club MagazineEVENTS Club Event VideosAngliaHome CountiesLincolnshireScotlandSouth CentralSouth EastSouth WestWestern ShiresGALLERY GALLERY(1)ARCHIVE IMAGES 2019 GALLERY (0)2019 GALLERY (1)2019 GALLERY (2)2019 GALLERY (3)2018 Events (4)2018 Events (3)2018 Events (2)2018 Events (1) 2017 Events (5)2017 Events (4)2017 Events (3)2017 Events (2)2017 Events (1)2016 Event Images2015 Event Images2014 Event ImagesLINKSMEMBERS AREA Model RegistersMembers Gallery Members Gallery 2Members Gallery 3Members Gallery 4Club MagazinesPurchasing GuidesYouTube Channel
HOMEABOUTJOINFORUMCLASSIFIEDSMODEL GUIDESHOPEVENTSGALLERYARCHIVE IMAGESLINKSMEMBERS AREA
Conditions of Use & Legal NoticesBenefits of being a MemberHow to Find UsThe XKEC TeamGROWLER Magazine
Legal Notices
Welcome
to the XKEC Website.
Copyright
The content of this website is for your general information and use only and is the
copyright of the XK8/XKR Enthusiasts Club (XKEC). No part may be copied or reproduced without prior, written permission and content may be subject to change without notice.
Disclaimer
Views and opinions expressed in this website are
not necessarily those of the Chairman of the XKEC.
Goods and services advertised are not in any way
endorsed or verified by us and we accept no responsibility for the quality of items sold by our advertisers. However, we do take care to ensure that advertisements are bona fide.
The website's forum may contain links to other
sites and files. We have no control over their content and cannot ensure it will not be offensive or objectionable. We will, however, remove links to material that we feel is inappropriate as we
become aware of them.
Conditions
of Use
The use of the members only area of this website
and its forum is restricted to paid-up members of the XKEC and F-TypeEC only. Members agree to be
bound by the terms and conditions and policies listed here.
If you choose, or are provided with, a username, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you
must treat such information as confidential and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any username or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any
time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms.
Responsibilities
Registered users are fully responsible for any
information or file supplied by them. They must also agree that they will not post any copyrighted material that is not owned by themselves or the XKEC, and that they will not post any information
which is vulgar, harassing, hateful, threatening, invading of others privacy, sexually oriented, or violates any laws.
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how the XKEC uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
The XKEC is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that
it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Vehicle details
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode
We require this information to provide you with a quality service including: :
Internal record keeping.
We email out periodic e-newsletters giving details about events or other latest information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which
you have provided.
From time to time, the club's Regional Officers or Model Register Coordinators may also use your information to contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use the
information to customise the website according to your interests.
Your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send
you promotional information about our services.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email the Club Chairman. We will promptly correct any information found to be
incorrect.
Harassment
The XKEC will neither permit nor condone harassment of any form, including that based upon gender, race, ethnic or national origin,
sexual orientation, age, disability, marital status or religious beliefs.
All members have the right to be treated with consideration, dignity and respect.
It is the responsibility of all members to encourage and maintain an environment that is free from harassment.
Harassment can take many forms ranging from violence and bullying to ostracising an individual.
It may be intentional or unintentional, and can result in the recipient feeling threatened, humiliated or patronised.
Generally harassment involves some form of uninvited/unwelcome conduct that has the purpose or effect of violating a person’s
dignity or creates an intimidating, hostile, degrading, humiliating, offensive environment. (The motive of the perpetrator is irrelevant i.e. whether the harassment was intentional or
unintentional).
Harassment is generally persistent and unwelcome behaviour which continues after the person receiving it makes it clear that they
want it to stop. However a single instance/incident can also be deemed as harassment if it sufficiently serious.
The alleged perpetrator will be subject to the clubs disciplinary procedure and a thorough investigation will be carried out under
the Chairmans guidance.
The act of harassing a fellow member constitutes as an act of gross misconduct and the member’s contract may be terminated. The
individual may be subject to legal proceedings and could face a possible jail term. Also the individual would be liable for any damages awarded to the victim.
Examples of
unacceptable behaviour include:
Unwanted physical contact (Including abuse or assault).
Verbal conduct (Offensive remarks or comments, embarrassing remarks, jibes jokes or abusive language)
Non verbal conduct (The display of pornographic, suggestive or offensive pictures, objects, videos, books, pin-ups, e-mail, text,
hand gestures etc.)
Intimidating or threatening behaviour
Isolation or non-cooperation and exclusion from social activities.
Coercion ranging from pressure for sexual favours to pressure to participate in political/religious groups.
Intrusion by pestering, spying, following.
Members subject to harassment can seek advice,
support and counselling in confidence without obligation by making an informal or formal complaint to the Club Chairman or a nominated person of the XKEC Team. (All complaints will be dealt with in
the strictest confidence, however if a formal complaint is made it will be necessary to involve the Club Chairman, any witnesses and the accused so that an accurate picture of events can be
obtained).
Cancellation and return policy
If you are not totally satisfied with your membership welcome pack please return your complete welcome pack and membership card with your reasons for cancellation
within 14 days from the date of application. We will apply a full refund to either your credit card, Paypal or by transfer to your Bank Account depending on which method was used for the initial
payment.
Membership Pack Delivery Policy
Please allow up to 14 working days in the UK and up to 21 days outside the UK for your membership card and welcome pack to be delivered.
Print
|
Sitemap
© XKEC 2003 - 2020 All rights reserved
Login
Web ViewMobile View
Logout |
Edit page