http://www.bundabergrum.com.au/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Menu
PRODUCTSBottle ShopExclusive RangeRoyal LiqueurMasters Distillers' CollectionBundle OffersAll BottlesMerchandiseLazy BearDistillery EditionOUR STORYThe Craft Of RumHistoryOur PartnershipsNRLEu-BundyRaising The BarBudgy SmugglerDISTILLERYVisit UsWhat to ExpectBook A TourRECIPESDrinksFood
Account
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
PRIVACY POLICY AND COOKIE NOTICE
1. INTRODUCTION
This website is operated by a member of the Diageo group of companies, the ultimate holding company of which is Diageo plc (registered in England and Wales with company number 23307 and registered address at Lakeside Drive, London, NW10 7HQ, United Kingdom).
Diageo Australia Limited and its related bodies corporate (we, our, us) recognise the importance of protecting the privacy and the rights of individuals in relation to their personal information. This document is our Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice (“Privacy Policy”) and it tells you how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information. By providing your personal information to us, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy and agree that we may collect, use, and disclose your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, please do not provide your personal details to us. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and part of, the Conditions of Use, that govern your use of the site in general.
2. LEGAL PURCHASING AGE (“LPA”)
You must not provide us with your personal information if you are not of legal age to purchase alcohol in the jurisdiction in which you reside and (if different) in the jurisdiction in which you are accessing the site. We do not intend to collect personal information from any individuals under the LPA, or to market alcoholic beverages to anyone under the LPA. If we receive notice or believe that someone under the LPA has provided us with personal information we will make every reasonable effort to remove such personal information from our records, or to flag such personal information and (to the extent permitted by law) retain it for the sole purpose of ensuring that it is no longer used.
3. WHAT IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
When used in this privacy policy, the term “personal information” means information we collect which personally identifies you, or from which you are reasonably identifiable.
4. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOLD?
We may (but not always) collect the following types of personal information depending upon the nature of your dealings with us:• name and gender;• personal contact details including mailing address, email address and contact numbers;• age or birth date;• profession, occupation or job title;• any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly (through our websites, online presence, our representatives or otherwise); and• information you provide to us through promotions entries, our service centre or customer surveys.We may also collect some information that is not personal information because it does not identify you or anyone else. For example, we may collect anonymous answers to surveys or aggregated information about how users use our website. We may, in certain circumstances, be required to collect your name, address, date of birth and other verification information under the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (Cth).
5. HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We may collect your personal information directly from you:• through your access and use of our websites;• during conversations between you and our representatives; or• when you complete a Diageo application, a survey, an entry form for a competition or promotion where Diageo is the promoter or purchase order.In certain instances, we may provide you with the option to select whether you would like to receive information from us or from trusted third parties (for example, by choosing to opt in to receiving special promotional offers). We may also collect personal information from third parties including from third party companies such as credit reporting agencies, law enforcement agencies and other government entities.
6. IP ADDRESSES
When your web browser or e-mail application requests a web page or e-mail from another computer on the Internet, it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the information. This is called your computer's "IP address." (IP stands for "Internet protocol.") For most users accessing the Internet from a dial-up Internet service provider (ISP), the IP address will be different every time you log on. We receive IP addresses from all users because this information is automatically reported by your browser each time you view a web page. We do not store IP addresses in a central database. They are recorded in log files and they are not associated with an account. IP addresses may be used for various purposes, including but not limited to:• identify a person’s country access and estimate the total number of users visiting our websites from specific countries or regions of the world;• to assist our third party service provider to manage GEO IP location, who may map IP addresses to countries;• diagnose service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by an ISP;• send the most appropriate advertising based on geographic area or information derived from your IP address (aggregated information derived from IP addresses may also be reported to advertisers);• assist third party advertisers to track effectiveness of the promotions they run on our website, visits to and business at third party websites; and• help determine which users have access privileges to certain content that we host.
7. COOKIES
Like many other websites, we use "cookies" to help us gather and store information about visitors to our websites. Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org. Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve your experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
8. WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES ARE USED ON THIS SITE?
The cookies which may be used on this site have been categorised based on the categories set out in the International Chamber of Commerce UK Cookie guide as follows:
Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies.• These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.• Examples of Strictly Necessary Cookies we may use on this website include Content Management Cookies which are required by the site for the content management system to work and Template Preference Cookies which are necessary for mobile sites and enable the site to look and feel the way it is intended to.• We may also use a Social Sharing Cookie. This is a cookie that identifies you with social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter and allows interaction between your activity on social networking sites and on our website through your direction, and makes your transition between the sites more seamless.
Category 2: Performance Cookies• These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.• We use Google Analytics to help analyse use of our website. This analytical tool uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Category 3: Functionality Cookies• These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.• With your consent we may place a cookie to remember your preferences (Preference Cookie) so that you do not need to re-enter your details (country/age and language preferences) on our gateway page. This is not suitable if you share your computer with someone else.• We may also use Session Cookies, which are temporary cookies that aid the user journey around the site, and will remember preferences you have selected during the session. These cookies are deleted as soon as you leave the site.
Category 4: Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies• These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.• We do not currently use these types of cookies but may do so in the future. In the event that we do start to use these types of cookies we will revise this Privacy and Cookies notice accordingly to let you know what type of Targeting or Advertising Cookies we are using.
9. HOW DO I DISABLE/ENABLE COOKIES?
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled. There are a number of ways to manage cookies. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
10. WHAT HAPPENS IF WE CAN’T COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If you do not provide us with the personal information described above we may not be able to provide the requested products, services or information to you, either to the same standard or at all and we may be unable to tailor the content of our websites to your preferences.
11. For what purposes do we collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information?We collect personal information about you so that we can perform our business activities and functions and to provide best possible quality of customer service including:• to provide products and services to you;• to answer enquiries and provide information about existing and new products or services which Diageo considers may be of interest to you;• to provide you with access to protected areas of our website, maintain your accounts and to improve the operation of the website;• to conduct business processing functions including providing personal information (and updated personal information) to our related bodies corporate, contractors, service providers or other third parties; and• for the administrative, marketing (including direct marketing and to show you relevant ads both on and off our websites), planning, product or service development, quality control and research purposes of Diageo Australia, its related bodies corporate, contractors or service providers.Your personal information will not be shared, sold, rented or disclosed other than as described in this Privacy Policy. When you provide us with information regarding another individual, such as when you request that we “forward to a friend” some information from one of our websites, we will send that individual only the information you specifically requested that we send, subject to your confirmation they are of LPA.
12. DIRECT MARKETING MATERIALS
• We may send you direct marketing communications and information about our products and services that we consider may be of interest to you in accordance with applicable marketing laws, such as the Spam Act 2003 (Cth).• If you have given permission to receive communications about Diageo brands generally (for example, by opting to receive news and special offers by email about Diageo’s other, and new, great alcohol brands), you may from time to time receive communications about brands to which you have not opted in specifically. We will only communicate with you about those brands we think may be of particular interest to you. Information about many of Diageo’s brands can be found at www.diageobrands.com.• You may unsubscribe (or opt out) of receiving marketing communications from us by using the unsubscribe facility provided in the marketing communication. We will process your request as soon as practicable.• We do not provide your personal information to other organisations for the purposes of direct marketing, unless you have specifically opted in to receive such communications.
13. TO WHOM MAY WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may disclose your personal information to:
• our employees, related bodies corporate, contractors or service providers for the purposes of operation of our website or our business, fulfilling requests by you, and to otherwise provide products and services to you including, without limitation, web hosting providers, IT systems administrators, mailing houses, couriers, payment processors, data entry service providers, electronic network administrators, debt collectors, and professional advisors such as accountants, solicitors, business advisors and consultants;• suppliers and other third parties with whom we have commercial relationships, for business, marketing, and related purposes;• any organisation for any authorised purpose with your express consent;• law enforcement, governmental or regulatory agencies, or other third parties in order to comply with applicable law, or where we believe such action is necessary in order to comply with applicable law, or to detect, protect, or defend us and/or other third parties against error, negligence, breach of contract, theft, fraud, or other illegal or harmful activity, to comply with our audit and security requirements, or to audit compliance with our corporate policies, procedures, legal, or contractual obligations; and• a person or entity, including our affiliates, in the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets whereby we transfer, sell, or assign to such third party information concerning your relationship with us.
We may combine or share any information that we collect from you with information collected by any of our related bodies corporate (within Australia).We do not share your personal information with advertising or analytics partners without your consent, but we may share de-identified personal information (for example, not your name and email address) with third parties to show you relevant ads on websites you visit. You can manage your ad preferences on the websites you visit.
14. PUBLIC AREAS OF OUR WEBSITES
Information that you post on or through the public areas of the site (e.g., chat rooms, bulletin boards, discussion groups, or Social Networking modules) generally is accessible to, and may be collected and used by, others, and may result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. You should not provide personal information about yourself in public (or interactive) areas of the site. Such personal information is not covered under this Privacy Policy.
15. HOW CAN YOU ACCESS AND CORRECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
You may request access to any personal information we hold about you by contacting us (see the details below). There is no cost to you for requesting access but we may charge a reasonable fee for the administrative costs of the provision of the information. If cannot grant you access to the personal information we hold we will give you written reasons for any refusal.You may request the correction or amendment of personal information we hold about you. If we refuse to correct the personal information we will notify you in writing and, if you disagree, you may ask us to add a note of your requested correction to the personal information.
16. RETENTION PERIOD
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
17. WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR COMPLAINING ABOUT A BREACH OF PRIVACY?
If you have any complaints or concerns regarding Diageo’s management of your personal information please contact us (see the details below) and provide details of the incident so that we can investigate it.
18. DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANYONE OUTSIDE AUSTRALIA?
We may disclose personal information to our related bodies corporate and third party suppliers and service providers located overseas for some of the purposes listed above. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas recipients of your personal information do not breach the privacy obligations relating to your personal information.We may disclose your personal information to entities located outside of Australia, including the following:• our related bodies corporate located in the UK; and• our data hosting and other IT service providers, located in Singapore, The United States, UK and India.
19. SECURITY
We take reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is protected from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. We may hold your information in either electronic or hard copy form. Personal information is destroyed or de-identified when no longer needed.
As our website is linked to the internet, and the internet is inherently insecure, we cannot provide any assurance regarding the security of transmission of information you communicate to us online, so any personal information or other information which you transmit to us online is transmitted at your own risk.
You are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of any account passwords, and you are responsible for any activity under your account and password. It is your sole responsibility to control the dissemination and use of your password, control access to and use of your account, and notify us when you wish to cancel your account. We will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this obligation.
20. LINKS
Our website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. Please be aware that we have no control over these websites and our Privacy Policy does not apply to these sites. We encourage you to read the privacy terms and conditions of any linked, referenced, or interfacing websites you enter.
21. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. Any updated versions of this privacy policy will be posted on our website.
22. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, any concerns or a complaint about your privacy contact us on the Diageo Customer Enquiries number 1800 798 344 or by email at ce.australia@diageo.com.
Last updated 4th November 2016
STAY IN TOUCH
Sign-up to our email newsletter to stay up to date on the latest offers and news from the
Bundaberg Rum Distillery
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe