https://www.cfps.co.uk/data-protection/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Home
History
About Us
40106
40135
40145
Contact
Join
Volunteers
The Whistler
Sales & Fundraising
Donations
Book Shop
Links
This site is controlled and operated by The Class 40 Preservation Society (referred to in this Privacy Policy as “The Class 40 Preservation Society”, “we”, “us” “our” “CFPS” OR “www.cfps.co.uk”.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains what personally identifiable information is collected and recorded about you during your visit to this site and what we do with that information. This Policy is incorporated into and forms part of the terms and conditions which apply to your use of the site. Please read this Policy carefully before submitting any information.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
The Class 40 Preservation Society collects personal information that you voluntarily provide via the site. Personal information is any information which identifies you including, for example, your name, email address, contact details etc. When using the enquiry form or membership application form we may ask you to provide your name, address, telephone number and email address. For newsletter sign ups we ask for your name and email address. And where applicable when a purchase is made on our site, in addition to the above, we also ask for a delivery address and payment details. This is not an exhaustive list and we may ask for additional information as relevant from time to time.
PASSIVE INFORMATION COLLECTION
As you navigate through the site, certain information may be passively collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as:
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and web logs
Cookies
INTERNET PROTOCOL (IP) ADDRESSES AND WEB LOGS
An IP address is assigned to your computer each time that you access the Internet. This enables your computer to send and receive data. Generally, every time you connect to the Internet, your IP address changes. However, in some circumstances (i.e. with some broadband connections) your IP address is fixed. A fixed IP address can be associated with your particular computer and may, therefore, amount to your personal information.
Web log information is non-personal information that is collected by the computer that hosts the site each time you visit. Examples of the type of information that can be collected using your IP address and/or web log information include details of the date and time that you visited the site and the type of Internet browser and computer operating system that you used. We, or our authorised agents, use your IP address and/or web log information to collect and report aggregate information on how the site is being used and ways in which the site can be improved.
COOKIES
Please follow this link to our Cookie Policy page.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION YOU GIVE US?
Where applicable, we may use your personal information:
To respond to your questions or requests for additional information.
To provide you with information that you have specifically requested or that we have asked if you would like to receive.
To process your order and communicate with you about any goods or services you have ordered from us (your details may be passed on to a third party for them to supply or deliver products you have ordered and we may retain your details for a reasonable period of time after you have completed the transaction in order to fulfil any contractual obligations such as refunds, guarantees etc).
To update our records and maintain your account with us.
For internal analysis so that we can better understand how we can improve our site, products and services.
DISCLOSING INFORMATION WE COLLECT TO THIRD PARTIES
We may use third parties to perform functions on our behalf in relation to the site and the purposes set out in this policy (for example, website hosting). Such third parties may be provided with access to your personal information if needed to perform their specific functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose.
We may pass on non-personal aggregated information about sales and website usage to reputable organisations for research or analysis purposes only. Your personal details will not be disclosed.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal details in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of The Class 40 Preservation Society our members or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Except as set out above, we will not disclose your personal information to any third party unless:
We have informed you about the disclosure when you submitted your information to us and you consented to the disclosure.
The disclosure is required or permitted by law or by court order.
SECURITY
We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information as you visit and use the site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Unfortunately no data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result we cannot warrant the security of any information you provide to us and you do so at your own risk.
STORAGE
Your personal information is stored on secure servers managed by 1&1 Internet Limited . Information collected from the use of the site, including personal information, may be stored on secure servers located outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in countries whose privacy laws are not as rigorous as those of the EEA. However, we always take steps to ensure the security of your data. By using the site, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to countries outside the EEA.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you would like to access the personally identifiable information we have collected about you via the site, or if you would like to cancel, correct or update your information, you may:
Contact us from this website here
Contact us by post at: 38 Watkins Drive, Prestwich, Manchester, M25 0DS, UK
To protect your privacy and security we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before
granting access or making any such cancellations, corrections or updates.
YOUR CONSENT
By accessing, browsing or otherwise using this site, you agree and consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this policy, except where you have chosen to opt out of being contacted by us or third parties.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time. Changes to this policy will be posted on this site. Your continued subscription to or use of the site constitutes your acceptance of the policy as revised. It is your responsibility to review the policy frequently.
Please contact us here if you have any questions about this policy.
Copyright © The Class 40 Preservation Society 1980-2018. All rights reserved.
POST CATEGORIES
Archive (13)
Events (6)
Fundraising (7)
Member Updates (1)
News (27)
Public Updates (82)
Publicity (25)
Website Stats222,369 hits
POST ARCHIVE
November 2020 (4)
September 2020 (7)
August 2020 (1)
July 2020 (7)
March 2020 (1)
December 2019 (4)
November 2019 (5)
October 2019 (1)
September 2019 (2)
August 2019 (7)
July 2019 (4)
February 2019 (1)
January 2019 (1)
November 2018 (3)
October 2018 (1)
September 2018 (2)
August 2018 (2)
June 2018 (6)
May 2018 (4)
April 2018 (10)
March 2018 (14)
Support Us
Become a Member
Volunteering
Ways of Giving
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Follow UsLOCATIONThe East Lancashire Railway
Bolton Street Station
Bury
Lancashire
BL9 0EY.
December 11, 2020 / 06:20East Lancashire Railway
Bury Diesel Group
West Coast Railways
Crewe Heritage Centre