http://www.bone-fishing.info/terms
You are here:  HomeTerms
Terms
Bonefish
Terms
17 April 2018
Created: 17 April 2018
Last Updated: 17 April 2018
Hits: 943
Your use of sites operated or owned ("Bonefishing") by Bonefishing.com ("Bonefishing"), or services performed by Bonefishing.com constitutes your acceptance of these terms of service, as well as the terms and conditions contained in the Privacy Policy.
Please read this entire agreement, your access to Bonefishing is expressly conditioned upon your acceptance of the terms of this agreement.
This agreement is a contract between you and Bonefishing and can be accepted only by an adult 18 years or older. If you are under 18, you must ask your parent or legal guardian to consent this agreement.
This Agreement applies to services, software and content provided through or in connection with Bonefishing. Such services, software, and content include data, software, fixes, updates, or other materials.
If you accept this Agreement, you are subject to its terms and all other agreements that you have entered into in connection with Bonefishing. You agree that you will not directly or indirectly use Bonefishing (1) in any way for any commercial purpose, (2) in any way that violates the law or the community code of conduct, or (3) in any way that harms or has the potential to harm Bonefishing or any affiliates, subsidiaries, licensors, providers, partners, and users.
Links
Our provision of a link to any non-Network site or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such non-Bonefishing site or location or its contents. We shall not be responsible for any information, software, or links found at any non-Bonefishing site or location, or for any transactions conducted at or through any linked non-Bonefishing site or location.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You expressly agree that your use of Bonefishing is at your sole risk. All materials, information, software, products, and services included in or available through Bonefishing are provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. All such materials, information, software, products and services are provided without, and Bonefishing, its subsidiaries and licensors hereby expressly disclaim, any warranties of any kind, either express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular use or purpose, title, or non-infringement. Bonefishing, its subsidiaries and licensors do not represent or warrant that Bonefishing will function without interruption, that Bonefishing is defect-free, that any such defects or errors will be corrected, or that Bonefishing and the server(s) that make Bonefishing available are free of viruses or other harmful components. No advice or information, whether oral or written, that you obtain from Bonefishing, its subsidiaries, licensors or otherwise through your use of Bonefishing shall create any warranty. Further, Bonefishing, its subsidiaries and licensors do not warrant or represent that the use or the results of the use of any materials, information, software, products or services included in or available through Bonefishing will be correct, accurate, timely or reliable.
Limitations on Liability
In no event shall Bonefishing, its subsidiaries or licensors, or any other person or entity involved in creating or distributing Bonefishing be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, however arising and under any theory of liability (including, without limitation, tort, including negligence and strict liability, breach of contract or breach of warranty), that result from your use of or inability to use Bonefishing, any changes to Bonefishing or this agreement, unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, any material or data sent or received or not sent or received, or any transactions entered into through Bonefishing. Bonefishing, its subsidiaries and licensors, and any other person or entity involved in creating or distributing Bonefishing are not responsible or liable for any threatening, defamatory, obscene, offensive or illegal content or conduct of any other party or any infringement of another's rights, including intellectual property rights. If you are dissatisfied with Bonefishing, or any materials, information, software, products or services included in or available through Bonefishing, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using Bonefishing. The foregoing limitations on liability shall be applicable even if Bonefishing or the applicable third party knew or should have known of the possibility of such damages and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Bonefishing, its licensors and any other person or entity involved in creating or distributing Bonefishing, as well as each of their respective parents, affiliates or subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, fees (including attorneys' fees) and expenses that such parties may incur as a result of or arising out of your use of, or conduct with respect to, Bonefishing.
Removal of material for which copyright infringement is claimed
Bonefishing respects the intellectual property rights of others. Bonefishing has implemented procedures for receiving written notification of claimed copyright infringements and for processing such claims in accordance with the Act. If you believe your work has been copied and is accessible through Bonefishing in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please fill out a Notice of Infringement Form and mail it to our address.
To be effective under this subsection, a notification of claimed infringement must be a written communication provided to the designated agent of a service provider that includes substantially the following: (1) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. (2) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site. (3) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material. (4) Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted. (5) A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. (6) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Modifications
Bonefishing reserve the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, Bonefishing (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Bonefishing shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such action.
Bonefish
Terms
17 April 2018
Created: 17 April 2018
Last Updated: 17 April 2018
Hits: 919
Your use of explore-yachts.com, or services performed by the Fishing Lodge constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, as well as the terms and conditions contained in the Terms of Use.
Explorepartners recognizes that the trust of our customers and Web Visitors requires vigilant and responsible privacy protections.
Where we collect information.
We collect personal information in the following areas:
* Contact us Form ("CUF").* Sign up to our Newsletter ("SNW").* In every page on our Web Site, we automatically receive and collect certain "Web Usage" information about our visitors: IP address, Web Browser, Operating System, and referral (the web page which the visitor's browser entered our Web Site).
How we use the collected information: SNW & CUF
This information is used for contacting purposes. We never share, sell or rent any personally identifiable information to a third party companies or individuals.
How we use the collected information: Web Usage
We, or a third party acting on our behalf, may use Web Usage information to facilitate and enable the functioning of our Web sites and to expand and improve our Web visitors' online experience. We may also aggregate such Web usage information with other visitors' Web usage information to assess trends and better design, monitor, and otherwise improve our Web sites
Links
Explorepartners may provide links to third party sites. We are not responsible for the privacy, security, or content of such sites. If you are asked to provide information on one of these Web sites, we encourage you carefully to review their privacy policy before sharing your information. Telemarketing & E-mail Marketing Practices.
Telemarketing & E-mail Marketing Practices
Explorepartners DOES NOT send marketing email and DOES NOT call doing telemarketing. If you receive a phone call or an unsolicited email from Explorepartners.com, or a third party (supposedly) acting on our behalf, please send us an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. with further information about your case.