https://www.balloonsoverbritain.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Information We Collect
When you place a brochure request we collect your name, address, basic demographic information and phone number. If you place an order we also collect your payment information. We will use this information for billing purposes and to process orders and enquiries. If we have trouble processing an order then we use the contact information to get in touch with you.
Balloons Over Britain is the sole owner of the information collected this website.
Personally Identifiable Information
We will not sell, share or rent personally identifiable information to any third parties different to what is disclosed in this statement.
Communication From Balloons Over Britain
We will occasionally send you information on -
Changes to our website
Products
Services
Special offers
Newsletter
We will use your name and e-mail address to send such information to you.
Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to receive these types of communication through the opt-in option on the order and enquiry forms. Unless you opt-in to receive such information we shall not contact you.
Choice/Opt Out
We provide you the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having your personally identifiable information used for the purpose of receiving promotions, web updates, newsletters, and products and services information.
If you no longer wish to receive such information as mentioned above you may 'opt-out' of receiving them by following the instruction included in each newsletter or communication, or by e-mailing [email protected].
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data, which is stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies are used when entering our site to record the location as to where each visitor arrived and is used for tracking visitors' movements whilst on our site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.
Most browsers allow the cookie function to be turned off. If you want to know how to do this look at the help menu on your browser or see http://www.aboutcookies.org.
Data Collection
We use a third party log analyser tracking software called AWStats which tracks non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site. Balloons Over Britain collects the following details:
URI of requested resource
Request date/timestamp
HTTP cookies
Full IP address
Full ISP details
We collect information in order to achieve the following -
Monitor the ease-of use of our website in order to make improvements to the website structure and content
Analyse trends
Administrate the site
Track user movement
Gather aggregated demographic information
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Balloons Over Britain Ltd is not responsible for the privacy practises of other such sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.
Security
Balloons Over Britain takes every precaution to protect its users. When users submit sensitive information via the website your information is protected both on-line and off-line.
This website has a secure bookings area which protects all sensitive information. We use a 128-bit encryption with all sensitive information protected by secure socket layer technology (SSL) encryption software. This means that any data you send to us i.e. credit card details is safe.
While on a secure page the pad-lock icon will appear this will tell you that you are using a secure connection.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use the commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Enquires / Updating Personal Information
If you wish to receive future information regarding our website's security and your personal information held, or you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, then please contact us via email at [email protected]. Alternatively you can contact us by post, telephone or fax:
Balloons Over Britain Ltd,The Hawthorns,Tolldish Lane,Great Haywood,Stafford.ST18 0RA
call 01892 534 314.
Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy we will post those changes to this privacy statement.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here.
Legal Disclaimer
We have the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that discloser is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.