http://www.cardiganwelshcorgiassoc.co.uk/privacyPolicy.php
Cardigan Welsh Corgi Association
Member Login
| Join the CWCA
Home
Current Litters and Available dogs
Calendar as List
Calendar by Month
Google Calendar
Current List of Judges
Info About the CWCA
About the CWCA
Officers & Committee
Code of Ethics
CWCA Rules
Membership Form
Breed Information
KC Breed Standard
KC Breed Health
Judges Education (AKC)
Cardicommentary(UK and World)
Membership Form
Show Statistics
Show Results
Current Leader Board
Past Years Trophy Winners
Show Results by Dog
Show Results by Judge
CC Winners
Links
Members' Links
Useful Links
Past Years Trophy Winners
Show Results by Dog
Show Results by Judge
CC Winners
Contact
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy informs you how we collect and use the information you provide in doing business with us including use of www.cardiganwelshcorgiassoc.co.uk and its services. We know how much you care about the way your Personal Data is used. We are committed to protecting the integrity and confidentiality of your information and act in a careful, sensible manner.
What Information Do We Collect?
Some information about you we collect passively - information that your computer and your browser send automatically while you browse our site. Other information we actively solicit, such as your contact details when creating an membership account.
We collect the following types of information from site visitors:
Site usage information
Feedback
Purchase information
We collect the following types of information from CWCA members:
Contact Details (name, address, phone number, email)
Uses Made Of The Information
Information which we collect may be used in the following ways:
Log files
When you visit our website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends. These log files tell us generally about the visitors to our site - general geographic regions, length of visits, pages clicked on, and so forth. We cannot tell who you are by examining our log files, except as anonymous users.
Information you give to us
You give us your contact details.
We will use this information:
To provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
To notify you about changes to our services;
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer.
To provide
membership services – contractual necessity
To comply
with Club/Society Constitution – contractual necessity
To comply
with KC Rules and Regulations – contractual necessity
Publication
of Handbook/Newsletters – legitimate interests
Publication of current Cardigan Welsh Corgi Judges List
Feedback
We encourage you to provide us with feedback in the form of emails or via our Facebook Page.
When you email us or use the Contact Form, we maintain the anonymity and privacy of your message. We keep these messages on file for a period of one month, and then delete them permanently.
Payments
On-line
payments are handled by a 3rd party payment gateway, PayPal Company. They will collect information about you, such as your name and address and credit card details. They only share the minimum with us that we need to process your payment. We do not receive any of your credit card details or bank information from PayPal.
PayPal's privacy policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Cookies
Our website
uses a wee token called a "secure session cookie" to store data as you navigate through the site..
When you close your browser, the session cookie is destroyed..
Where we Store your Data
Information is retained in a secure database on secure servers owned by the Internet Service Provider "Freeola" Freeola is a UK ISP offering internet service to UK residents. Their staff may be engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
To access and update your personal data, you must log on to the secure site using your membership usename and password. https://cardiganwelshcorgiassoc.co.uk/login.php
Spam and Sale of Information
We hate spam. We will never spam you with any unsolicited email, and we will never sell information you have given us to other parties.
How Long We Store your Data
Membership details are saved for archival purposes.
Financial records are stored for eight (8) years.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We aim to meet high standards and our policies and procedures are, therefore, constantly under review. We may, therefore, change this privacy policy in the future. For example, if we offer a new type of
service that collects different types of information, we might outline our use of that information here. As a result, please check back with this page regularly to see if anything's changed. Thanks!
Contact us
If you want to find out more about the information we collect, you can contact us at:
Mail: CWCA, 44 Farndon Road, Woodford Halse, Daventry, NN11 3TT, United Kingdom
Telephone: +44 7974756328
All pages on this website are Copyright (c) CWCA.
Photos are either (c) CWCA or posted by a dog owner who is responsible for ensuring they have appropriate copyright permission to share the photo.
Privacy Policy	 All rights reserved Terms of Use
For comments and suggestions regarding this web site, please contact