http://www.dillonprecision.com/policies.html
closeReloading arrow_drop_downReloader Packages - XL750Reloading MachinesReloader Packages - "The Essentials"Reloader Accessories arrow_drop_downCasefeeders & AccessoriesBullet Feeders and AccessoriesSpare Parts & Maintenance KitsToolheads & StandsScales & CalipersPriming Systems & AccessoriesMounting Solutions & StoragePowder Measures, Accessories & Failsafe SystemsBFR 50BMG AccessoriesReloader
DiesReloader Components arrow_drop_downPistol BulletsRifle BulletsPistol BrassRifle BrassPowder ScalesReloader Components - CloseoutReloader Upgrades & UpdatesCase Preparation EquipmentCaliber Conversion - KitsCaliber Conversion - Parts arrow_drop_downSquare Deal B Caliber Conversion PartsRL450/RL550 Caliber Conversion PartsXL750/XL650 Caliber Conversion PartsRL1100/1050 Caliber Conversion PartsReloader Parts arrow_drop_downXL750 PartsSquare Deal B PartsRL550 PartsXL650 PartsR1050/Super1050 PartsSL 900 PartsSS600 Swager partsAccessories arrow_drop_downFirearms Accessories arrow_drop_downFirearms Parts & Accessories arrow_drop_down1911/2011 Parts & AccessoriesAK Platform Parts & AccessoriesAR Platform Parts & AccessoriesGlock® Parts & AccessoriesMisc. Firearms Parts & AccessoriesRevolver Parts & AccessoriesRuger Parts & AccessoriesS&W Parts & AccessoriesSpringfield Armory Parts & AccessoriesGrips & StocksMagazines, Speedloaders & Moon ClipsSights, Scopes & MountsGear arrow_drop_downConcealment ProductsEyewearFlashlightsHolsters, Belts & PouchesKnives & Defensive devicesSurvival ProvisionsTactical EquipmentGun & Ammo Storage arrow_drop_downAmmo Boxes & BinsGun CasesGun Safety & StorageShooting Bags & Range BagsMisc arrow_drop_downBlue Press International Catalog SubscriptionBooks & DVDsCalendars & PostersDillon ApparelGift CardsLoaded AmmunitionNRA MembershipPreparedness ProductsShooting Equipment & Accessories arrow_drop_downHearing ProtectionMats & RestsMisc. Equipment & AccessoriesTargets & Target StandsTraining & Practice AccessoriesFirearms Cleaning & MaintenanceDillon OpticsClose-Out/Limited Quantity ProductsDealersTroubleshooting arrow_drop_downXL 750 arrow_drop_downXL 650 arrow_drop_downRL 550 arrow_drop_downSquare Deal B arrow_drop_downMr Bulletfeeder arrow_drop_downSupport & Service arrow_drop_downOrder Status arrow_drop_downRequesting Warranty Parts & Service arrow_drop_downEquipment Questions arrow_drop_downDealer Support arrow_drop_downSales & Feedback arrow_drop_down
search
search
person
chat
0shopping_cart
Home › Company › Shipping, Policies & FAQ
Dillon Precision
Policies
At Dillon Precision Products, we want our customers to know they come first.
Security, privacy &
exceptional customer service are top priorities.
Dillon Precision Shipping & Policies
Below is a list and explanation of our common operating policies, please click on each section to expand.
Shipping Information - United States
Shipping Charges, Continental United States:
Flat Rate Shipping:
The table below reflects flat shipping charges and applies to CONUS orders using default ground shipping. Orders typically require 2 to 3 working days after placement to ship.
If your order totals
shipping and processing is
$0 - $14.99
$8.49
$15.00 - $64.99
$10.99
$65.00 - $124.99
$16.99
$125.00 - $199.99
$19.49
$200.00 - $299.99
$22.99
$300.00 - $399.99
$25.99
$400.00 - $499.99
$27.49
$500.00 - $599.99
$28.99
$600.00 AND UP
$29.99
Express Shipping, Continental United States
If you select FedEx 2nd Day Air, IN STOCK orders placed before 12 Noon MST on business days will be shipped the same day. Orders placed after Noon MST on business days, on weekends or holidays will ship the next business day. FedEX 2nd Day Air shipping and delivery time includes business days only. Weekend and Holiday days do not count toward transit time. FedEX 2nd Day Air can only be shipped to a physical address, not to a PO Box.
Alaska and Hawaii:
The website calculates actual shipping charges based on the FedEx Ground ship method. If you prefer Express shipping, or US Postal delivery please call us.
International Shipping:
Orders to be shipped outside of the US must be made using the international shipping form. We need to provide you with an accurate shipping quote which will streamline the order process and prevent surprises. Contact our International Sales Department for more information: intlsales@dillonprecision.com
Shipping Information - International & APO
Dillon Precision welcomes our international customers to our website. We hope that your shopping experience with us is a pleasant one. Please be aware that due to the nature of international shipping, and a variety of legal restrictions, some additional steps may be necessary for you to place an order with us. When you place your order, it will not provide the shipping charge for your order. We will personally review your order, determine the shipping costs, and then email a quote to you. Upon your acceptance of this quote, we will finish processing your order. Depending on the weight and bulk of your order, International orders are shipped either via FedEx or Airmail. If you require a specific shipping method, please contact us prior to placing your order online. Due to the very slow delivery time and lack of traceability, Dillon Precision prefers not ship via Surface Mail. Shipping charges do not include any additional fees your order might be subject to. These fees may include, but are not limited to, Duties, GST or other taxes, tariffs, and brokerage fees.
Restricted Items
The following classes of items are subject to international restrictions. Dillon Precision is not licensed or registered to export them; this includes shipping to APO/FPO addresses:
Ammunition
Reloading components: brass, projectiles, primers, powder
Rubber bullets
Revolver speed loaders
Moon clips
Major gun parts: barrels, bolts, upper receivers
ALL Magazines
DIM Weight Items
Due to the cubic inch volume of some items, the shipping costs will exceed that of a more compact item of the same weight:
Vibratory Case Cleaners
Media Separators
Casefeeders
Range Bags
Shooting Mats
Plastic Ammunition Boxes
Plastic Akro Bins
Plastic Utility Boxes
Gun Cases
International Warranty Replacement & Parts
To request warranty / replacement parts, please USE THIS FORM
We typically require photographs of major damaged or broken parts prior to replacement so please include them if possible. While warranty parts are replaced at no charge, we do require payment of international shipping. Please be aware that you may also be responsible for duties and/or taxes that may be imposed by your government. Customs declarations show the retail value of all parts as required under international law. Questions? Please email our International Sales Department intlsales@dillonprecision.com
Firearm Magazines
Some States, Counties and Municipalities have restrictions on magazines capable of holding more than ten rounds. We will not ship high capacity magazines to residents of those locations.
Current limitations we are aware of are posted as follows:
California - 10 rds max
Connecticut - 10 rds max
Hawaii - 10 rds max for pistol magazines only
Maryland - 10 rds max
Massachusetts - 10 rds max (unless customer supplies a copy of a license to possess high capacity magazines)
New Jersey - 10 rds max
New York- 10 rds max
City of Washington D.C.- 10 rds max
City of Chicago, Illinois - 12 rds max
City of Aurora, Illinois - 20 rds max
Colorado - 15 rds max
Exportation of Magazines to Foreign Countries including Canada
Dillon Precision is not authorized to ship any magazine of any type outside the United States of America.
No exceptions.
Return & Refund Policy
Dillon Precision will accept the return of any unaltered product for any reason within 30 days of purchase for a refund, exchange or credit. Modifications performed to any Dillon machine, or the addition of any unapproved equipment, including automated or mechanical add-ons from any other manufacturer, is not recommended and will void the Dillon warranty.
Please CLICK HERE or call us to start the process of return authorization prior to returning product.
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Dillon Precision website. This Terms of Use Agreement (The Agreement) explains the terms and conditions governing your use of our website (the Site). By utilizing our website you are deemed to have read and agreed to these terms of use. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions please refrain from utilizing the Site as these standards are applicable to all users. You agree to use this Site according to the instructions as posted on the Site and to be bound be this Agreement. Dillon Precision may in its sole discretion and at any time terminate or suspend your use of or access to the Site. You are not authorized to use this Site in any jurisdiction where the terms of this Agreement are not enforceable.
You assert that you have the legal ability to enter into this Agreement, and any resulting contracts for purchase. You also agree that you will pay for all goods or services ordered, as denoted elsewhere within this Site. By accessing or utilizing this Site, you certify that you are over 18 years of age. You further certify that you have the legal ability to enter into a legally binding and enforceable agreement whether as a natural person or, if acting on behalf of a business entity, that you have the legal authority to bind the business entity that you are acting on behalf of. You understand that any person who does not have the authority to enter into a legal transaction conducted on this site, for another legal entity, shall be held individually and personally liable for all resulting transactions conducted by you on behalf of the legal entity. If you do not have the legal authority to enter into this binding agreement, please exit this Site now. Otherwise, you are representing that you do have such authority by proceeding further.
You hereby acknowledge that you are entering this Site for the intent of possibly purchasing products or services offered herein and furthermore agree to pay for all products or services ordered through this Site by you. To conduct certain transactions on the Site, you must have an account with Dillon Precision. You may use the Site for obtaining information regarding your account and make payments. The Site includes information, software, text, photographs, graphics, links and other material that are protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights of Dillon Precision, or third parties. Dillon Precision grants you a limited nonexclusive license to use the information on the Site for your internal use. You may download your account information of other information on the Site to a computer or print a hard copy for personal reference. Otherwise, you may not copy, store in electronic form, modify, print, transmit, transfer or sell, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, frame in another web page, reproduce or in any way exploit the Site or any of the information contained on the Site, in whole or in part, without obtaining permission of the copyright owner, except as expressly permitted in this Agreement or permitted under copyright law. In addition, you agree to not, directly or indirectly, reverse engineer any products offered on this Site. You acknowledge that products or services offered on this Site are owned by Dillon Precision or third parties and may also be protected by copyright, trademark or other similar operations of law.
If no price is listed or posted for a product on this Site, the product is to be considered unavailable for purchase and is not for sale. Dillon Precision reserves the right to alter product offerings or prices at any time and may change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspect of the Site, including the availability of any feature, database, information or content without prior notice or liability, as Dillon Precision deems appropriate.
You understand and agree that this Site is intended for use via Internet access and that Dillon Precision is not liable in the event this mode of communication fails or does not perform as intended. For example, Dillon Precision is not liable for any failure to provide the goods or services ordered by you or any resulting damages or resulting financial consequences if an order is not received by Dillon Precision or if the Site is not available or not functioning properly. In connection with using the Site, you may provide or receive information by email. Although email is generally reliable, email can be transmitted improperly or wrongfully intercepted. Dillon Precision does not warrant or guarantee that the transmission of email messages will be uninterrupted or transmitted without error.
By utilizing this Site, you grant Dillon Precision a perpetual, royalty-free license (permission) to use, copy, distribute and modify anything you submit or post to the Site, as Dillon Precision deems appropriate in its sole discretion.
You agree and represent that you are not utilizing this Site, or any products or services offered herein for any illegal, fraudulent or otherwise legally improper activity. You specifically agree that you are truthful in any and all information that you disclose on this Site. You also assure Dillon Precision that any method of payment offered for goods or services is not fraudulent or illegal. Some products available for purchase on the Site may not be lawfully shipped to or possessed in some jurisdictions. You are responsible for compliance with all international, federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordnances. You agree to indemnify and hole harmless Dillon Precision for any failure by you to comply with any such laws, regulations or ordnances. You agree that you will not, directly or indirectly, use the Site, the Site materials, products or services to violate any applicable laws.
You agree not to disclose your password, if one is issued by Dillon Precision, or any otherwise confidential data to others for use and understand and agree that if a third party utilizes such information to access this Site, you will be fully liable for such use as a result of the disclosure of information. You should promptly notify Dillon Precision of any unauthorized use of your registration information or other breach of security.
Dillon Precisions asserts limits on its liability. Only express warranties made by Dillon Precision in connection with the sale of a product shall be enforceable by you. You agree that Dillon Precision may only be held liable for failure to honor a bona fide sale and improperly retaining funds received from you for the purpose of purchasing product(s) or service(s) offered on this Site. In no manner shall Dillon Precision's liability exceed the price of the goods or services ordered in a bona fide sale. By using this Site, you further agree to the following:
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF POSSIBLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, AND THE INHERENT HAZARDS AND UNCERTAINTIES OF ELECTRONIC DISTRIBUTION, THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER PROBLEMS WITH SUCH INFORMATION. IF YOU RELY ON THIS SITE OR ANY MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS SITE, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS IS, AS AVAILABLE AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. SPECIFICALLY, DILLON PRECISION AND ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHATABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE. NOR DO THEY GUARANTEE THAT THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR CONTINUOUSLY AVAILABLE OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. DILLON PRECISION DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE OR IN THIRD-PARTY SITES OR YOUR RELIANCE THEREUPON IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
EXCEPT FOR REFUND OF THE PRICE OF THE GOODS OR SERVICES ORDERED BY YOU IN A BONA FIDE SALE,.UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL DILLON PRECISION OR ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES (WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHERWISE, OR WHETHER RESULTING FROM PRODUCT LIABILITY, TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHER THEORIES OF LAW) INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ATTORNEYS' FEES AND LOST PROFITS, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR IN ANYWAY ARISING OUT OF, (1) THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENT; (2) ANY GOODS OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THIRD PARTIES REFERENCED OR MADE AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THIS SITE; (3) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT OR INFORMATION ON THE SITE; OR (4) ANY COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER PROGRAMMING DEVICE, EVEN IF DILLON PRECISION IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO PORTIONS OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, THE LIABILITY OF DILLON PRECISION, ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS AND LICENSORS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Dillon Precision reserves the right to modify this Agreement at any time and that when posted to this Site the revised terms of use will be in effect and apply to all subsequent activities. You agree to review the Agreement periodically to be aware of such changes and your continued access or use of the Site after any changes are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.
You agree that any and all disputes, including litigation, may only be raised in the State of Arizona, County of Maricopa; and that such disputes shall be resolved based on the relevant law in this jurisdiction. You consent to jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in Arizona for such purposes. If any inconsistency exists between the terms of this Agreement and any additional terms and conditions posted on the Site, such terms shall be interpreted as to eliminate any inconsistency, if possible, and otherwise, the additional terms and conditions shall control. The provisions of this Agreement will be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision will not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provision hereof. Any provision determined to be invalid or unenforceable will be modified, to the extent possible, to be valid and enforceable so as to retain the intent of the parties.
Privacy Policy
Dillon Precision Privacy & Security
At Dillon Precision, we respect your right to privacy and understand that you, as a visitor to our website, need to understand how we will use the personal information you provide us during your visit. We allow individuals to purchase products from us, register for forum use, promotions and sweepstakes, and conduct other transactions on our Site. The privacy policy below describes how we will use the information you provide in connection with your use of our Site.
What personally identifiable information do we collect?
When you browse the Site, you do so anonymously. Personally identifiable information associated with you, including your e-mail address, is not collected unless you purchase an item from the Site or provide that information in connection with a non-purchasing activity as described below (e.g., registering for a sweepstakes or promotion).
Registration: There are times when we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personally identifiable information, including your e-mail address, mailing address and/or telephone number, for purposes such as correspondence, site registration, registering for a new product or participating in a forum or an online survey.
Forms and Purchases We use various forms for listing, selling, purchasing and returning products offered on our Site. We may collect, depending on the form, your contact information (e.g., your e-mail address, mailing address and/or telephone number) and necessary financial information (i.e. your credit card number). Contact information is used to process a sale. We use third parties to accept and process credit card payments for purchases of products on our Site. Credit card numbers are only used for processing payment.
Special Contests and Promotions: We may occasionally present a special contest or promotion that is sponsored by us or by another company. To qualify for entry in such contest or promotion, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share your personal information with the sponsor(s) or with others, we will provide a statement to that effect in the contest or promotion terms.
IP Address: An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We will use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Site. Your IP address also may be used to gather broad demographic information, and to give us an idea of which parts of our Site you are visiting and how long you are spending there. We do not link your IP address to anything personally identifiable.
Cookies: A cookie is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain Web sites. We use cookies to collect, store and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the services we provide. If you are a registered user, we will use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your personally identifiable information. Additionally, be aware that if you visit other Web sites you may be required to accept cookies. Advertisers and partners may also use their own cookies. We do not control use of these cookies and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
How do we use your personally identifiable information?
Customized experience: We gather your personally identifiable information to provide you with a customized experience on our Site. Your personally identifiable information helps us tailor the content, services, goods and advertising to your current and future needs.
E-mail: If you register with our Site or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to us, we may send you e-mail messages informing you of our products and services and also third party products and services we believe may be of interest to you, such as new features and services, special offers and updated information. Our newsletters (see below) may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the newsletters, including whether the e-mail was opened and/or what links (if any) were clicked. We will combine such information we have about you and may use the information to improve your experience with our Site and/or provide customized e-mail communications to you.
With whom do we share your personally identifiable information?
We may disclose information we have collected from you and/or content you have made available on our site in the following circumstances, and also may disclose such information and/or content to others when Dillon Precision believes in good faith that the law requires it, or to protect the rights or property of Dillon Precision or its visitors. We use your information to manage your purchases or other transactions authorized by you, to verify billing and to communicate regarding your transactions. We occasionally exchange our customer postal address list with other reputable companies, however, you may opt-out or otherwise prohibit such uses by checking the "Do not share my information" box on the LOGIN page or by calling Customer Service at 1-800-223-4570. You may also send a note, requesting that your postal address not be shared, along with your name and address. For contact information, please view the CONTACT US page. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of use of your personally identifiable information (1) when it is necessary for completing the transactions you have authorized, including but not limited to providing such information to data processors or mailing services; (2) when it is necessary for employees, agents and contractors to operate or maintain the Site or for our internal business purposes; (3) when it is necessary to verify the existence or condition of your account with a financial institution, credit bureau or other third-party; (4) when it is permitted or required by law, including but not limited to responding to a court order or compliance with any regulatory authority; or (5) to report your payment history or other information to a credit bureau or agency. Pursuant to California law, our California customers may request certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of your personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. Such requests should be sent in writing to Dillon Precision Products, Inc. 8009 E. Dillons Way, Scottsdale, Arizona 85260.
What are your options to control your receipt of e-mails from us?
Although most customers using our Site tell us they value receiving our e-mails with newsletters, special promotions and information regarding services provided by us or others, we recognize the importance of providing you with choice and control over your e-mails. If you would rather not receive e-mails about new products, promotions or other noteworthy news, please click on the link for opting out included in such e-mails to inform us of your desire to opt out of receiving such e-mails in the future. You may also contact us by postal mail at Dillon Precision Products, Inc 8009 E. Dillons Way Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Dept.Opt Out.
What about children's personally identifiable information?
Our Site is not directed to children under the age of 18. We assume products purchased through credit card means are purchased by adults or minors supervised by a parent or guardian. We respect the privacy of parents and children and are committed to complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). On those areas of our Site that ask for age, we do not collect personal information from individuals who identify themselves as under the age of 13 except in those limited circumstances where we believe that such collection is permitted under COPPA. We may ask prospective users to provide their age during a registration process and on other areas of our Site. If a user indicates that he or she is under the age of 13, then all personal data collected during the registration process is automatically deleted except that we may retain and use limited information, such as the child's e-mail address, for a limited period of time, in those cases where we believe that the collection and use of such information is permitted under COPPA. If a parent believes that his or her child has provided us with personal information, he or she can contact us via email or postal mail as listed below. We will promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 18. We believe that parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from otherwise disclosing online their name, address and other personal information without parental permission.
What else should you know about your privacy?
Security: We have significant security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. To prevent unauthorized access to our systems, we employ a multi-layered secure network to safeguard against external and internal intruders. In addition, we protect all transactions that include specific private data such as credit card information with industry standard 128-bit SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. Although we will exercise reasonable care in providing secure transmission of information between your computer and our servers, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us over the Internet and we accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure. You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate security for or otherwise interfering with the operation of the Site.
Links to Other Sites:Our Site contains hyperlinks and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. These links are provided for your reference only. We do not control, operate or endorse in any respect information, products or services on such third party sites and are not responsible for their content. Many third party sites have their own privacy policies that differ from ours. This privacy policy only covers our Site and does not cover any other site. While we make every effort to keep your information secure, we do not control the policies of other sites.
How will you learn of changes to the privacy policy?
We may make changes in our privacy policy from time to time. When we do so, we will post the revised privacy policy on our Site with a link at the bottom of our home page. Our home page will also contain a statement notifying readers that the policy has been changed and the effective date of that change.
How can you contact us?
We would like to receive your comments and questions about this privacy policy and any other matter you have regarding our Site. Please address comments or questions to us via our ONLINE CONTACT FORM
or via postal mail at: Dillon Precision Products, Inc 8009 E. Dillons Way Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Attention: Privacy.
When and how do I accept your privacy policy?
Your use of our Site, including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy policy. BY USING OUR SITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES SET OUT IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time by posting the changes on this page. Please check the effective date at the top of this page to determine if the policy has been modified since you last reviewed it. Your continued use of any portion of our Site following posting of the updated privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
Frequently Asked Questions
Under Construction - this section is coming soon.
Why is my credit card being charged multiple times ?
Coming Soon
What is a credit card pre-auth ?
Coming Soon
Why is it taking so long to receive my order ?
Coming Soon
How do I check order status ?
Coming Soon
How do I submit a warranty request ?
Coming Soon
How do I get help configuring a product ?
Coming Soon
Do you offer financing and how does it work ?
Coming Soon
I can't search for part numbers listed in the Blue Press Catalog
Coming Soon
Support & Service
Order Status
Requesting Warranty Parts & Service
Equipment Questions
Dealer Support
Sales & Feedback
Company
Our Store
Shipping, Policies & FAQ
About Us
Employment
Contact Us
My Account
Login
Register
Track My Order
My Wishlist
Resources
Recursos Espanoles
Blue Press Catalog
Reloader Buying Guide
Manuals
Reloading Calculators
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Dillon Precision Products, Inc.
© 2020 | All Rights Reserved | 8009 East Dillons Way Scottsdale, AZ 85260 | 800-762-3845