http://www.pandaw.com/privacy-policy
HOME
EXPEDITIONS
ABOUT US
RIVERS
LIFE ONBOARD
OUR SHIPS
CHARTERS
OFFERS
BLOGS
Online Brochure
Sign up for our Newsletter
LOGIN
NEWS ON THE CORONAVIRUS SITUATION - Click here to learn more
PRIVACY POLICY
PANDAW CRUISES PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from Pandaw.com (the "Site").
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the
individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information".
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
"Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies click here.
"Log files" track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
"Web beacons," "tags," and "pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
When you use our services we collect personal information required to provide the service you requested. This personal information can consist of your name, postal address, email address, telephone numbers, passport information, date of birth, emergency contact information and to provide some services flight and hotel information. Please note we do not save credit or debit card details. We refer to this information as "Order Information."
We collect Order Information in the following way:
When you make a brochure request, join our mailing list, subscribe to our email newsletter, join our members club, register for a booking account or populate passenger information for a booking.
When you make a booking
From your travel agent who made and managed the booking
From a travelling companion who made and managed the booking
When you request our brochure through a third party website
Onboard our ships if opting into any membership or marketing communications
When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfil any orders placed through the Site (including processing your booking and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).
Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services
To provide you with the services you have booked with us
To personalise aspects of our overall service to you
We use the Device Information that we collect to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns)
Your data may be sent out of the European Economic Area
Posted at each Pandaw ship's muster stations to comply with international maritime safety rules and conventions
We will NEVER sell the information you give to us to any other organisation or entity
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.
For example, to process your booking and provide your service.
Any data provided by you which is used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform
the services that Pandaw requests. Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, any data provided by you that is processed by third parties must be processed within the terms of this privacy policy.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site.
You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here.You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.
For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI")
educational page here.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:FACEBOOK - Click HereGOOGLE - Click Here.
Additionally, you can adjust your cookie settings here, or you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out portal Click Here.
COOKIES
Please read our Cookies Policy.
SECURITY
Data security is of great importance to Pandaw and to protect your data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure data collected online.
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your personal data. We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to state institutions and authorities except if
required by law or other regulation.
We do not store credit card details, or do we share financial details with any 3rd parties.
This web site always uses a secure connection to ensure all data transmitted is in an encrypted state.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site's data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident please note that we are processing your information in order to fulfil contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Additionally, please
note that your information will be transferred outside of the European Economic Area.
ACCESS TO THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE HOLD ABOUT YOU
We will always let you have a copy of all personal information we have about you should you request it. You can ask us whether we are keeping personal data about you by contacting us through the contact information below.
Upon request, we will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data which we keep about you, although we may require proof of your identity. We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data rectified, amended or erased.
DATA RETENTION
When you browse or place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Device and Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
UNSUBSCRIBE
Where we disclose your personal data for marketing purposes, we provide you with the means to unsubscribe from our list by:
Email or SMS, either click on the unsubscribe link within the email you received or reply STOP to the text message you received
Additionally, for email unsubscribe, visit http://pandaw.us3.list-manage.com/unsubscribe?u=2db7eb23b51745f1cfeb8b440&id=3756f7189d and enter your email address
Email your details to unsubscribe@pandaw.com
Write to Pandaw Expeditions, 602 Cong Hoa Street, Ward 13, Tan Binh District, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Pandaw reserves the right to change this privacy policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the web site.
COMPLAINTS
Our aim is to handle any complaint fairly, consistently and quickly. Contact us either by email at publicrelations@pandaw.com or contacting us through the contact information below.
DISCLAIMER
Pandaw has taken every effort to ensure that the information contained within its Website is correct.
CONTACT US
You can contact us by e-mail at support@pandaw.com, by telephone or using our web form on our Contact Us page, or by mail using the details provided below:
Pandaw Expeditions, 602 Cong Hoa Street, Ward 13, Tan Binh District, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Date Updated: 25th May 2019
©2020 Pandaw Cruises Pte Ltd. All rights reserved.
×
Sign up for our email newsletter
Incorrect email address
Sign up
Close
TRAVEL REGULATION INSOLVENCY PROTECTION
Pandaw is a company committed to customer satisfaction and consumer financial protection. We are therefore pleased to announce that, at no extra cost to you, and in accordance with "The Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations" all passengers booking with Pandaw are fully insured for the initial deposit, and subsequently the balance of monies paid as detailed in your booking confirmation form. The policy will also include repatriation if required, arising from the cancellation or curtailment of your travel arrangements due to the insolvency of Pandaw. This insurance has been arranged by Towergate Travel through Zurich Insurance PLC.
Close
Cookies on pandaw.com
We use cookies to provide a better experience. Carry on browsing if you are happy with this, or click here to manage cookies.