http://www.boatshow.co.za/capetown/en/privacy-policy.html
Skip
Back
Close navigation
About
The event, partners & organizers
Exhibit
Participating exhibitors per year
Exhibit
2019 Exhibitors
Visit
Ticketing, planning & preparation
Visit
Events Programme
2019 Competitions
2018 Gallery
2018 Event Gallery
Press
Press releases and -material
Press
Press releases
2019 Gallery
2019 Event Gallery
Contact Us
Close search
Search
Overall search
Content
Exhibitors & Products
Cathegory
Overall search
Content
Exhibitors & Products
Search
Close
Share
Facebook
Twitter
VK
LinkedIn
Xing
WhatsApp
Recommend page by email
Copy to clipboard
General Privacy Statement Pursuant to EU General Data Protection Regulation
The below provides you with an overview concerning our collection and processing of your personal data as well as your rights under the privacy law.
Name and contact information for responsible person
The responsible party is:
Messe Frankfurt GmbH
Ludwig-Erhard-Anlage 1
60327 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Phone: +49 69 75 75 0
Email address: info@messefrankfurt.com
You can reach our data protection officer at:
Messe Frankfurt GmbH
Data Protection Officer
Ludwig-Erhard-Anlage 1
60327 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Phone: +49 69 75 75 53 35
Email address: privacy@messefrankfurt.com
Purposes of processing the data and its legal basis
to satisfy contractual requirements in accordance with Article 6 para. 1b GDPR
Data is collected in order to carry out pre-contractual measures and contracts. Please refer to the respective contract documents for the subject matter to be processed and the data required therefore.
with your consent Article 6 para. 1a GDPR
If you give us your consent, we will use your data to inform you about our events and services. For this purpose, we will also relay your data within the Messe Frankfurt group of companies and the respective sales partners in your home country. You have the right to revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future.
to satisfy legal requirements in accordance with Article 6 para. 1c GDPR
Messe Frankfurt must observe various legal requirements, particularly commercial and tax law. Obligations to archive data arise under this.
based on legitimate interests according to Article 6 para. 1f GDPR
Beyond the satisfaction of contractual or legal obligations, we process your data to protect the legitimate interests of Messe Frankfurt or third parties in the following cases.
Your Ticket as Business Card
The contact data stated at the registration are retrievable by the code on your ticket. You have the opportunity to give your business partner your contact data by having them scan the code on your ticket.
With each request for content from our online offerings, cookies are used to optimise communication times and for the anonymised statistical analysis of the use of our online presence. We do not intend to create personal usage profiles. If it is desired that cookies not be used, it is possible to block them by using a specific setting on your browser.
Navigator Apps
When you use our Navigator Apps your user data are collected, saved and evaluated anonymous only via Webtrekk. It is not possible to identify you as user of the app.
If the anonymous tracking is not desired, it is possible to block it them under Menu / Setting / Data Protection.
Webtrekk
Messe Frankfurt GmbH uses the services of Webtrekk GmbH. Webtrekk GmbH is a company domiciled in Germany, Robert-Koch-Platz 4, 10115 Berlin, which collects, stores, and analyses usage data. It has been certified in Germany for data protection in the area of web controlling, according to which its processing of data was inspected for data protection compliance and data security.
Webtrekk GmbH uses a cookie if you use Messe Frankfurt GmbH services. It enables the collection, storage and evaluation of the usage data by Webtrekk GmbH. The usage data that is collected is anonymised by shortening the IP address. Thus, it is no longer possible for Webtrekk to identify you as a visitor to Messe Frankfurt services, either. The shortened IP address is needed only for the purposes of session identification and geolocalisation (down to the city level). You can find additional information about data protection at Webtrekk at  https://www.webtrekk.com/de/legal/opt-out-webtrekk/. A cookie must be used to deactivate Webtrekk and to exclude the collection of usage data (referred to as "webTrekkOptOut"). The cookie is available here (https://www.webtrekk.com/de/index/opt-out-webtrekk/). If the cookie is used, the usage data is not collected.
For detailed information about the data collected by Webtrekk we need your Webtrekk-ID via email. To determine your personal tracking ID, please click here.
Dentsu Aegis Network
Additionally, Messe Frankfurt GmbH collaborates with a target group marketer. For this purpose, cookies are used on our websites which collect or incorporate (Online Behavioral Targeting "OBA") anonymous usage data for the purpose of usage-based online advertising such as the type of website visited, categories visited and/or product pages and/or which browser and terminal device was used for this. The user may either delete the cookies at any time directly in the browser or manage cookie preferences at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/ or disable the cookies of the target group marketer Dentsu Aegis Network Germany GmbH at http://www.theadex.com/opt-out.
DoubleClick by Google
Doubleclick by Google is a service from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Doubleclick by Google uses cookies to present you with advertisements that are relevant for you. In the process, your browser will be assigned a pseudonymous identification number (ID) to review which ads were shown in your browser and which ads were clicked on. The use of Google DoubleClick cookies only enables Google and its partner websites to place ads based on previous visits to our or other websites online. The Google DoubleClick cookies do not contain any personal data. From time to time, the cookie contains an additional, anonymised identifier to identify a campaign which a user previously came into contact with. This precludes inferences from being drawn concerning a specific person's behaviour online. The information created by the cookies will be transferred by Google to a server in the United States for analysis and will be stored there. The data collected will only be evaluated for statistical purposes and in an anonymised form. Data will only be transmitted by Google to third parties due to legal requirements or within the course of contract data processing. Google will not bring your data together with other data gathered by Google. However, this is possible by way of exception if you are actively logged in to your Google account.
You can prevent cookies from being stored using a corresponding setting in your browser software; however, please note that in this case you may potentially be unable to completely use all of the functions on our websites. You can also prevent Google's collection of data created by cookies and related to your use of the websites as well as Google's processing of this data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link (https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/anonymous?hl=de&sig=ACi0TCjYJShn3powLykn6GzRbtudaJ09FMoVlY-ANzHSkw01nQ_9NVOkyRHh0tcuv6b2XrXUjVsabYgpVVCtoaQ9oz9Cb6EWZS83dEonMtB-Vp0Nl5wudp4) under DoubleClick-Deaktivierungserweiterung. Alternatively, you can deactivate the Doubleclick cookies on the Digital Advertising Alliance website using the following link (http://www.aboutads.info/choices/).
Feathr
In the course of remarketing campaigns, we use "Feathr" retargeting technology to contact visitors in the Feathr partner network again at a later point in time based on the user's previous behaviour on this website using stored cookies.  If you do not wish to receive any targeted advertising through Feathr, you can prevent this by using the following link: feathr.co/opt-out/. Your browser must accept cookies for this objection to be permanent.
We also use cookies for target group-oriented advertising: We also allow data providers or other automated data collection tools to use our cookies so that they can support us in providing our own content and ads as well as in measuring the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. These cookies can provide de-identified demographic or other data combined with data that you have transmitted to us (e.g. your email address) and which we relay to data providers exclusively in encrypted form, thus in a form that cannot be read by humans. The data gathered on our websites from registered users is not anonymous. We use this information together with other information that we know about or derive from you, e.g. your preferences in order to provide you with content, services and advertisements that are tailored to you. You can prevent interest-based advertising on our website by respectively blocking these cookies.
IQ Digital
On our websites, we use cookies of iq digital. It uses pseudonymised cookies in order to be able to serve interest-based Internet advertising to users and to monitor the serving process. In order to avoid wastage when serving ads, iq digital also compares its own cookies with cookies it receives from third parties. This avoids duplicate contact with the same user, for example, and increases the precision with which an ad is served. You can find more information at www.iqdigital.de/transparenz.
You can withdraw your consent to data processing at any time. To do so, simply send an e-mail to datenschutz@handelsblattgroup.com. The Data Protection Officer is DMC Datenschutz Management & Consulting GmbH & Co. KG, Zur Mühle 2-4, D-50226 Frechen.
LinkedIn
Linkedin Conversion Tracking: We use the analysis and conversion tracking technology of the LinkedIn platform on our website. Using the above-mentioned LinkedIn technology, it is possible to display advertising that is more relevant and based on your interests. We also receive aggregated and anonymous reports from LinkedIn on ad activities and information about how you interact with our website.
For more information on data privacy at LinkedIn, visit:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?_l=en_EN. You may object to the analysis of your usage behaviour by LinkedIn and the display of interest-based recommendations ("opt-out"). To do so, click on "Decline on LinkedIn" (for LinkedIn members) or "Decline" (for other users) at the following link: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.
YouTube plug-ins
This website contains at least one plug-in from YouTube, which belongs to Google Inc., San Bruno, USA. As soon as you visit pages on our website featuring a YouTube plug-in, you will be connected to the servers of YouTube, which will be informed which particular page of our website you visited. If you are also logged in to your YouTube account, you would enable YouTube to link your browsing behaviour directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your account first. For more information about YouTube's collection and use of your data, please read the privacy policy https://www.youtube.com/.
Facebook Custom Audience
The Custom Audience Pixel (a small Java script code) of the social network Facebook, Palo Alto, USA is integrated on our pages. When you visit our pages, this pixel creates a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. This informs Facebook that you visited our website using your IP address. This allows Facebook to allocate your visit to our webpages to your user account. We can use this information to display Facebook ads.
Please note that, as the website provider, we are not given any information on the contents of the transmitted data nor their use by Facebook. Further information about this is available in the Facebook privacy policy at (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/). If you do not wish data to be collected via Custom Audience, you can disable Custom Audiences here (https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/).
Facebook plug-ins
Our website contains plug-ins from Facebook, Palo Alto, USA. Facebook is a social network. The relevant plug-in is recognisable by the Facebook logo or the "like" button. A general overview of all plug-ins from Facebook is available under the following link:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins?locale=en_US
As soon as you visit our website, the Facebook plug-in establishes a direct connection between your Internet browser and the Facebook servers. This way, Facebook is informed that our website has been visited with your IP address. If you happen to be logged in to Facebook, you can link the relevant content on our website to your Facebook profile, for example, by clicking the "Like" button. It is then possible for Facebook to associate your visit to our website with your Facebook account. As the provider of our website, we are not informed by Facebook about the content of the transmitted data or the data usage. You can find more information under the following link: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
If you are a member of Facebook, but do not want Facebook to receive data about you via our website and connect it to your membership data, you must log out of Facebook before you visit our website.
Twitter plug-ins
Our website contains plug-ins from Twitter Inc., San Francisco, USA. If you use Twitter and in particular the like and retweet function, Twitter will link your Twitter account to the websites you visit. This will be disclosed to other users on Twitter, especially your followers. This way, data is also transferred to Twitter.
As the provider of our website, we are not informed by Twitter about the content of the transmitted data or the data usage. You can find more information under the following link: https://twitter.com/en/privacy
However, please note that you have the option to change your Twitter privacy settings in the account settings at http://twitter.com/account/settings.
Google Ads Conversion
We use the services of Google Ads to draw attention to our attractive offers with the help of advertising materials (so-called Google Ads) on external websites. We can determine in relation to the data of the advertising campaigns how successful the individual advertising measures are. We are interested in showing you advertisements that are of interest to you, to make our website more interesting for you and to achieve a fair calculation of advertising costs.
The advertising materials are delivered by Google via so-called “Ad Servers”. For this purpose, we use ad server cookies, through which certain parameters for measuring success, such as the insertion of ads or clicks by users, can be measured. If you access our website via a Google ad, Google Ads stores a cookie on your device. These cookies usually expire after 30 days and are not intended to identify you personally. For this cookie, the unique cookie ID, number of ad impressions per placement (frequency), last impression (relevant for post-view conversions) and opt-out information (mark that the user no longer wishes to be addressed) are usually stored as analysis values.
These cookies enable Google to recognize your Internet browser. If a user visits certain pages of an Ads customer's website and the cookie stored on their device has not expired, Google and the customer can recognize that the user has clicked on the ad and has been redirected to this page. Each Ads customer is assigned a different cookie. Cookies cannot therefore be traced via the websites of Ads customers. We do not collect and process any personal data in the aforementioned advertising measures. We only receive statistical evaluations from Google. On the basis of these evaluations we can recognize which of the used advertising measures are particularly effective. We do not receive any further data from the use of advertising material; in particular, we cannot identify users on the basis of this information.
Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically starts a direct connection to the Google server. We have no influence on the extent and the further use of the data which are raised by the use of this tool by Google and inform you therefore according to our knowledge: By the integration of Ads conversion Google receives the information that you called the appropriate part of our Internet appearance or clicked an announcement of us. If you are registered with a Google service, Google may associate your visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, it is possible that the providers may obtain and store your IP address.
Google Ads Remarketing
We use the remarketing function within the Google Ads service. The remarketing function allows us to present to users of our website advertisements based on their interests on other websites within the Google advertising network (in Google search or on YouTube, so-called "Google ads" or on other websites). For this purpose, the interaction of users on our website is analyzed, e.g. which offers the user was interested in, in order to be able to display targeted advertising to users even after visiting our website on other pages. To do this, Google stores a number in the browsers of users who visit certain Google services or websites in the Google Display Network. This number, known as a "cookie", is used to record the visits of these users. The number is used to uniquely identify a web browser on a particular device and not to identify a person; personal data is not stored.
You can prevent participation in this tracking process in various ways: a) by setting your browser software accordingly, in particular by suppressing third-party cookies, you will not receive any ads from third-party providers; b) by deactivating cookies for conversion tracking, by setting your browser so that cookies are blocked by the domain www.google.adservices.com, https://www.google.de/settings/ads, this setting being deleted when you delete your cookies; c) by deactivating the interest-based ads of the providers that are part of the “About Ads” self-regulation campaign via the link http://www.aboutads.info/choices, this setting being deleted when you delete your cookies; d) by permanently deactivating Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome in your browsers under the link http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin, e) by setting your cookie preferences accordingly. Please note that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this offer in full.
For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and processing by Google, please refer to the privacy policy. There you will also find further information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy; Google has submitted itself to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. Alternatively, you will also find more information on the website of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at http://www.networkadvertising.org.
Video monitoring
The exhibition centre is monitored by video to control the flow of traffic and visitors and for security purposes, which is indicated accordingly at the entrances. No analysis will be made for other purposes.
Recipients of the data
Only those who absolutely need your data to satisfy our pre-contractual, contractual and legal obligations or to communicate with you will receive access to said data. These can include:
Affiliates of the Messe Frankfurt Group
sales partners for your home country
service providers supporting us as processors according to Article 28 GDPR.
Additional data recipients can be those to whom you have given your consent for data transmission on a case-by-case basis.
Transmission to a third country
With your consent or to satisfy contractual or legal obligations, we transmit data to our group companies and sales partners in third countries. By agreeing to the EU standard contractual clauses, they are obligated to observe the European level of data protection. You can get an overview of all of the group companies and sales partners here.
Duration of storage
Your data will be stored until our contractual obligations have been met. In order for us to provide you with offers concerning our events and services, data concerning this shall be stored for 8 years at most. The data will be deleted earlier if your knowledge is no longer necessary or if the purpose ceases to exist. Besides this, legal retention periods exist for certain data. Of particular relevance here are the periods of ten years maximum according to commercial and tax law.
Your rights under the data privacy law
With respect to personal data concerning you, pursuant to GDPR you have the right to information according to Article 15, rectification according to Article 16, erasure according to Article 17, restriction of processing according to Article 18, and data portability according to Article 20.
According to Article 21 GDPR, at any time you can revoke consent given to us to process your personal data with effect for the future.  We maintain a revocation list so that an objection to the use of data for advertising purposes can be considered at any time.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory data protection authority according to Article 77 GDPR in conjunction with § 19 BDSG.
Automated decision-making
We do not use any automated decision-making to create or perform contractual relationships.
(Version 1/2020)
Close
Messe Frankfurt uses cookies to provide you the best possible browsing experience. By using our services, you consent to our use of cookies. More information
Close