https://www.autoclubhub.com/policies/privacy-policy.php?club=ToyotaOwnersClub.com
ToyotaOwnersClub.com Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains what personal and other information is collected by ToyotaOwnersClub.com (part of Autoclubs International, a company registered in England and Wales with number 5933252 and its registered office at 96 Castle Ln W, Bournemouth BH9 3JU) as part of its activities, and how ToyotaOwnersClub.com uses that information.
ToyotaOwnersClub.com (The Club, we) recognises that your privacy is very important to you and that it is your right to control your personal information. The Club respects your privacy and is committed to protect the personal information that you share with us. This document explains the following:
•	What Information Is Collected
•	How We Use Information Collected
•	Data Security
•	Third Parties
•	Children and Privacy
What Information Is Collected
When you browse our website, you do so anonymously, unless you have previously indicated that you wish the club to remember your login and password. We don’t collect any Personally Identifiable Information through cookies or other means unless you have given us your explicit permission to do so. You may opt out of cookies at any time. Read about our cookie policy here.
Registration and use information –When you register to use our services by establishing an account, we will collect Personally Identifiable Information as necessary to offer and fulfil the services you request. Personally Identifiable Information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a home, postal or other physical address, other contact information, gender, personal interests, car model and year and other information when needed to provide a service you requested. The amount and type of information collected varies depending on the type of membership.
If you purchase a paid club membership, you agree to provide to us details of your name and address. This personal information will be treated in accordance with our privacy policy and will be used only to send you information packs and renewal notifications as part of the club membership service you have purchased. Your personal data that was collected to offer you club services will be held by us for a period of 2 years after the expiry of your membership, in case you decide to renew your membership within this period. If you would like this data to be removed from our system earlier than the 2 year period, please email us at club@ToyotaOwnersClub.com
We keep logs on our server, which contain information about IP addresses and browsers used. These logs are held for security purposes and IP addresses are tracked to prevent security breach incidents.These logs are not shared with any third parties and are removed after a 30 day period. Data backups are stored to allow for easy site restoration in case of any data loss due to hard failure or other unforeseen circumstances. All data is stored within European data centres.
All third-party images are linked via proxy, which stores images within our server for up to 14 days. If the image is requested to be viewed again, the server re-caches images for a further 14-day period. This is to ensure that our HTTPS serves the images locally.
All files from our CDN come from our central repository on the same server and are not hosted on a third party server.
How We Use Information Collected
The Club uses Personally Identifiable Information for several, general purposes: to personalise your experience on our website, to keep you up to date on the latest club announcements, special offers or other information we think you’d like to hear about from us, and to better understand your needs and provide you with better services. This is essential to keeping our service free. We do not share Personally Identifiable Information about individual users in any circumstances.
The cookies we use have defined expiration times; unless you visit our sites or use our services within that time, the cookies are automatically disabled and retained data is deleted. Read about our cookie policy here.
The Club only contacts members who have provided clear, explicit consent for marketing purposes through e-mail. We are fully committed to ensuring the rights and obligations set out in the GDPR 2015 are respected. Therefore, if you change your mind and do not wish to continue receiving information via e-mail there is an “opt-out” option at the end of all messages.
Data Security
The Club stores your information on secure, firewall-protected servers that are located in secure European facilities. These technology and security features, as well as strict internal guidelines, are designed to safeguard the privacy of your personal information from unauthorised access or improper use. Access to your personal information is only granted to club staff who require such access. Backups are run to reduce the risk of loss of information, and our Internet servers are housed in secure facilities. We have security measures in place to protect our customer database and access to this database is restricted internally.
While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us, and so we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.
Third Parties
Third Party Site Links: The club website contains links to other sites. The club does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies. Our website may contain links to websites operated by other companies. Some of these third-party sites may be co-branded with the club logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by the club. Although we choose our business partners carefully, the club is not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our site. Once you have left our website, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party website to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you.
Third Party Cookies & Data Collection: We use third parties’ analytics technologies which involve cookies being dropped via our website and the collection of Personally Identifiable Information about you, so we can understand how you use our website and services. You need to provide clear, explicit permission for us to use these cookies and may opt out at any time. We do not have access to or control over how data collected by third party cookies are processes, but please read our cookie policy for more information.
Third Party Advertising:
We use third party vendors such as Google Adsense to provide the most relevant adverts to you.
Google Adsense use cookies to serve ads based on your previous visits to our website or other websites. Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of personalised advertising by following the instructions here.
Google Analytics: Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Read the Google Analytics Privacy policy here.
Spam Defense: The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source. Read the Spam Defence Privacy policy here.
SendGrid: SendGrid is used by this website to process and deliver emails. Read the SendGrid Privacy Policy here.
reCAPTCHA V2: This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website. Read the reCAPTCHA V2 Privacy Policy here.
Clickmeter: We use Clickmeter, a private company registered in Italy, to monitor, compare and optimise all our marketing links in one place.
You can read their privacy statement and cookie policy here
Bitly: Bitly is a URL shortening service and a link management platform. Read Bitly’s privacy policy here.
ebay API: The Club uses the eBay API (Application Programming Interface), to communicate directly with the eBay database in XML format and provide a custom interface, functionality and specialized operations not otherwise afforded by the eBay interface. Learn more about the ebay API here.
Motors.co.uk: The Club uses motors.co.uk to allow its users to browse effortlessly & safely through thousands of the latest cars and find their next used or new car in the UK. Read the motors.co.uk privacy and cookie policy here.
Children & Privacy
Our websites do not target and are not intended to attract children under the age of 13. The club does not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or send them requests for personal information.
©2018 - ToyotaOwnersClub.com