http://www.girlscoutsfl.org/en/our-council/terms-and-conditions.html
Join
Donate
Shop
Contact Us
All Things GS
GS Help
ABOUT
ABOUT
EVENTS
EVENTS
VOLUNTEER
VOLUNTEER
COOKIES+
COOKIES+
CAMPS+
CAMPS+
OUR COUNCIL
OUR COUNCIL
SUPPORT US
SUPPORT US
MY GS
MY GS
ABOUT EVENTS VOLUNTEER COOKIES+ CAMPS+ OUR COUNCILAbout GSTFCouncil HistoryBoard Of DirectorsShare Your StoryHours & LocationsContact UsCareersOur BlogGSTF In The NewsGSTF Influencer Team SUPPORT US MY GS
Join
Donate
Shop
Contact Us
All Things GS
GS Help
About GSTFCouncil HistoryBoard Of DirectorsShare Your StoryHours & LocationsContact UsCareersOur BlogGSTF In The NewsGSTF Influencer Team
Our CouncilTerms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the official website of Girl Scouts of Tropical Florida
(“GSCTF”), a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. Our online properties
are comprised of, but not limited to, all pages found under www.girlscoutsfl.org. These
terms and conditions apply to these sites and other sites, and mobile
apps or other online services we operate that link to these terms
(collectively, referred to below as the site).
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING ANY OF
THE GSCTF WEBSITES. By accessing and using the pages on this site, you
signify your agreement to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of
use. By accessing or using the pages of this site, you also represent
that you have the legal authority to accept the Terms and Conditions
of use on behalf of yourself and any party you represent in connection
with your use of pages on this site. If you do not agree to these
terms of use, please do not use the GSCTF sites. We reserve the right,
at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these
terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes.
Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to
these terms will mean you accept those changes.
OWNERSHIP AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS Unless
otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations,
designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written and other
materials contained on the site (collectively, the
"Contents") are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade
dress, and/or other intellectual properties owned, controlled, or
licensed by GSCTF or Girl Scouts of the USA, respectively.
The Contents of the site are intended solely for personal,
noncommercial (other than for the purchase of merchandise from our
site) use by the users of our site. You may view, copy, and print the
Contents displayed on this site subject to the following conditions:
(i) you use the material for noncommercial use only, (ii) you
keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices, (iii)
you make no modifications to any materials, (iv) you do not use
the materials in a manner that suggests an association with any of our
products, services, or brands, and (v) you do not download
quantities of materials to a database that can be used to avoid future
downloads from the site.
For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any
other website or computer environment is prohibited. No right, title,
or interest in any downloaded Contents or software is transferred to
you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not
reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute,
display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in
any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the
Contents, the site, or any related software. You may not attempt to
decompile or reverse engineer any of the software used by GSCTF as
part of the websites.
REGISTRATION AND ACCOUNT SECURITY Certain features of the
site provide you with the option of setting up an account for which
you will receive a user ID and password. User IDs and passwords are
confidential and proprietary. It is a violation of these Terms and
Conditions for you to: (a) provide any false personal information on
the site, or create an account for anyone other than yourself without
the written permission of GSCTF, (b) create another account without
our permission if we disable your account, or (c) do anything else
that might jeopardize the security of your account. You are solely
responsible for any unauthorized use of your user ID and password.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INFORMATION Girl Scouts of the
USA has the sole and exclusive right by virtue of its Congressional
Charter, 36 U.S.C. § 80301 et. seq., to have and use all service
marks, trademarks, emblems, badges, descriptive or designating marks,
and other words now or heretofore used in carrying out its program and
is the owner of the GIRL SCOUTS name, service mark, and trademark, and
of all other associated names, marks, slogans, insignias, logotypes
and designs, including but not limited to the distinctive TREFOIL
design mark, the GSUSA uniforms and other indicia, the names and marks
"Girl Scouts of the United States of America", "Girl
Scout Daisies", Girl Scout Brownies", "Girl Scout
Juniors", "Girl Scout Cadettes", "Girl Scout
Seniors", and "Girl Scout Ambassadors", and such
trademarks and service marks as WHERE GIRLS GROW STRONG, FOR EVERY
GIRL EVERYWHERE, GIRLSPORTS, and GIRL SCOUT COOKIES (hereinafter
collectively identified as the "Intellectual Property").
GSCTF has been granted permission by Girl Scouts of the USA to use,
reproduce and distribute the Intellectual Property solely in
connection with Girl Scouting.
All other trademarks displayed on this site or through links to
other sites are the property of the respective trademark owners.
CLAIMS REGARDING COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTS Pursuant to the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512), GSCTF has
implemented procedures for receiving written notification of claimed
copyright infringement. We also have designated an agent to receive
notices of claimed copyright infringement. If you believe in good
faith that your copyright has been infringed, you may submit a notice
to info@girlscoutsfl.org To be effective, a notice must be a written
communication provided to Girl Scouts of Tropical Florida and must contain:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized
to act on behalf of the owner of the copyrighted work that allegedly
infringed; A identifying description of the copyrighted work
that you claim has been infringed; A description specifying
the location of the material that you claim to be infringing the
copyrighted work; Your telephone number and email
address; A statement by you that you have a good faith belief
that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright
owner, its agent, or the law; and A statement by you, made
under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is
accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act
on the copyright owner’s behalf.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE
PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES
OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, GSCTF DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
OR MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. GSCTF DOES
NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIAL WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT
THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR
OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. GSCTF DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF OR THE RESULT OF THE USE OF THE
MATERIAL IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.
SITE CONTENTS Information on any site is provided with
the understanding that the GSCTF is not rendering professional advice
or recommendations. You should not rely on any information on these
pages to replace consultations with qualified professionals to meet
your individual needs.
INACCURACY DISCLAIMER The material in this site could
include technical inaccuracies, typographical errors, or omissions. We
reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions
and to change or update information at any time without prior notice.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY Under no circumstances,
including, but not limited to, negligence, shall we be liable for any
direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that
result from the use of, or the inability to use, any GSCTF site or a
site that is linked to this site, even if we have been advised of the
possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the
limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential
damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In
no event shall our total liability to you for all damages, losses, and
causes of action (whether in contract, tort including, but not limited
to, negligence, or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any,
for accessing this site.
INDEMNIFICATION You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold
GSCTF harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and
expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your
use of the site or the content you post to the site.
USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK, SUBMISSIONS, AND POSTINGS GSCTF
may allow you to communicate, submit, upload, transmit or otherwise
make available text, images, audio, video, and other content through
the site (collectively, the "Submission(s)"), including in
the form of comments, feedback, submissions, or other information. By
transmitting Submissions on or through the site, you grant GSCTF a
perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, assignable,
sublicensable license to use, reproduce, store, modify, display,
distribute, prepare derivative works based on, and transmit such
Submissions, and you waive any and all moral rights and publicity
rights in such Submissions. GSCTF will not be required to treat any
Submission as confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas for
its business (including without limitation, product, or promotion
ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any
similarities that may appear in future GSCTF business. GSCTF will be
entitled to use the Submission for any noncommercial or other purpose
whatsoever, without compensation to you or any other person sending
the Submission. You acknowledge that you own whatever material you
submit, and use of your Submission by GSCTF will not infringe or
violate the rights of any third party.
You may not make any Submissions that (i) are or may reasonably be
considered to be, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious,
defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of
another's privacy, bigoted, hateful, or racially, ethnically or
otherwise offensive or objectionable, (ii) violate any law, statute,
ordinance, or regulation (including, but not limited to, those
governing export control, intellectual property, consumer protection,
unfair competition, anti-discrimination, or false advertising), (iii)
are known to you to be false, inaccurate, or misleading, or (iv) are
known to contain software viruses or computer code, files, or programs
designed to interfere with, interrupt, destroy, or limit the
functionality of any computer software, computer hardware,
telecommunication equipment, security system, or otherwise disrupt
this or other websites.
GSCTF has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor, screen,
block, post, remove, modify, store and review Submissions or any other
communications sent through the site, at any time and for any reason,
including to ensure that Submissions conform to these terms, without
prior notice to you. We are not responsible for, and do not endorse or
guarantee, the opinions, views, advice or recommendations in any
Submissions posted or sent by users.
REPORTING OF ABUSIVE OR UNLAWFUL SUBMISSIONS OR CONTENT
If you have knowledge of abusive, infringing or otherwise unlawful
Submissions or other content on the site, we want to know. Please send
an email to info@girlscoutsfl.org describing the content or conduct in
detail, including the website address where the content is found and
the date and time viewed, and we will investigate removing this
material from the site. For claims regarding alleged copyright
infringement, see the contact information in that section above.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES This site may be
linked to other sites and services that are not maintained by GSCTF.
GSCTF is not responsible for the content of those sites. Consequently,
we cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, relevancy, copyright
compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in sites listed
on or otherwise linked to the site. The inclusion of any link to such
sites does not imply endorsement by GSCTF. GSCTF makes no
representations whatsoever about any other website which you may
access through this one.
Please exercise discretion while browsing the Internet. These other
sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, solicit
personal information, or contain information that you may find
inappropriate or offensive. Please keep in mind that whenever you give
out personal information online that information can be collected and
used by people you don't know. While GSCTF strives to protect your
personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of
any information you disclose online; you make such disclosures at your
own risk.
We reserve the right to disable links from third-party sites to the site.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES This publication is distributed
internationally and may contain references to programs, products, and
services that are not available in your country, state, or particular
location. These references do not imply that GSCTF intends to announce
or provide programs, products, or services in your country, state, or
particular location.
Unless otherwise specified, the contents on any site are presented
solely for these purposes of promoting programs, products, services,
and other content available in the United States and its territories,
possessions, and protectorates. Those who choose to access a site do
so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with
local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
GENERAL PROVISIONS These Terms and Conditions will be
governed and be interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of
Florida, United States of America, excluding their conflicts of law
rules. You expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any
claim or action arising out of or relating to these Terms and
Conditions or your use of the site shall be filed only in the federal
courts. If any part of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void,
or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not
affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Possible evidence of use of this site for illegal purposes will be
provided to law enforcement authorities. This is the entire agreement
between the parties relating to the use of this site.
GSCTF can revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating
this posting.
TERMINATION These terms are effective until terminated by
either party. You may terminate these terms at any time by
discontinuing use of the site and destroying all Contents obtained
from the site and all related documentation and all copies and
installations thereof, whether made under these terms or otherwise.
Your access to the site may be terminated immediately without notice
from us if in our sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or
provision of these terms. Upon termination, you must cease use of the
site and destroy all Contents obtained from the site and all copies
thereof, whether made under these terms or otherwise.
HOW TO CONTACT US Please see contact information in the
relevant sections above regarding reporting copyright infringement or
other unlawful content. If you have any comments or questions
regarding our Terms and Conditions generally, you can contact us at: 305-253-4841.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy