https://www.gpawisconsin.org/privacy/
AdoptAdoption Process
Adoption Costs
Adoption Application
Adoptable Greyhounds
Track-to-Home Transition
Learn
About GPA-WI
Contact GPA-WI
Couch Potato Press
Greyhounds as Pets
Are Greyhounds for You?
Resources
Grey-savvy Vets
Sign Up for GPA-WI Emails
Helpful Links
Suggested Reading
ContributeDonate
Blue Fund
Foster Homes
Meet & Greets
Volunteer Opportunities
Donate
Blue Fund2020 Fundraising–GPA-WI Blue Fund
Foster Homes
Meet & Greets
EventsGolfing for Greyhounds 2019
Full GPA-WI Calendar
Full GPA-WI Calendar
PhotosAdopted Greyhounds
In Memory
Store
Donate
About
Contact
LOOSE/LOST/FOUND GREYHOUND
Privacy Statement
Your
privacy is very important to us. Greyhound Pets of America respects
your concerns about maintaining strict privacy. Any information that you
divulge to us is kept in confidence, and used only to help determine
the suitability of a greyhound adoption by your household. We also use
various forms of the data for mailing information to you about us, and
also for fund raising efforts by our group. We do not provide this
information to anyone else unless you give us permission.
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose mailing lists or
other personally identifiable information to anyone outside our
organization.
On occasion we are asked by the outside sources to provide names
of our adopters, we do not share such names or other identifying
information unless you specifically authorize us to do so.
We also do not give information regarding the kennel, trainer or
owner of the greyhound being adopted unless the kennel, trainer or owner
has granted such permission.
Purpose
Greyhound Pets of America information is one of its vital assets.
The purpose of the Information Security Policy is to protect this asset
by establishing National, Chapter, Sub-chapter, and volunteer
responsibility for the protection and use of information.
General Policy Statement
It
is the policy of the Greyhound Pets of America to protect its
information assets and allow the use, access and disclosure of such
information only in accordance with Greyhound Pets of America interests
and applicable laws and regulations. All Greyhound Pets of America
Chapters, Sub-chapters and volunteers providing services or working with
Greyhound Pets of America information are responsible for protecting it
from unauthorized access, modification, destruction or disclosure.
“The Greyhound Pets of America Information” is defined as any
information within its purview, including information which it may not
own but which is governed by laws and regulations to which the
Corporation is held accountable. It includes all adopters record data,
all personnel data, all Greyhound Pets of America financial data, all
administrative data, and donor data, and all other data that pertains
to, or supports Greyhound Pets of America. This data may be facts,
records, reports, planning assumptions or any information meant only for
internal use.
Data collected will be, but not limited to: E-mail addresses,
phone numbers, names, home addresses, and any other data that is
required to determine the suitability of greyhound adoption.
This policy encompasses the safekeeping of Greyhound Pets of
America information in whatever physical form, such as printed, audio,
video and electronic.
Implementation
Greyhound
Pets of America National, Chapters, and Sub-Chapters “Information
administrators” shall develop and administer information security
programs that appropriately classify and protect information under their
control. The protection of Greyhound Pets of America information must
be part of the overall business plan.
National, Chapter, Sub-chapter administrators are responsible for:
Establishing access to and utilization criteria of data to be protected.
Define the criteria for archiving and or storing the information to satisfy retention requirements.
Determine the value of proprietary information to the
functioning of the Greyhound Pets of America and defining reasonable
requirements for protecting the asset.
Develop a workable plan for resuming operations in the event a disaster destroys the information.