http://www.stonebrew.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Stone uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use our site. The tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' us of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Stone.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
WEBSITE Terms & Conditions and PRIVACY POLICY
Terms and Conditions
TERMS OF USE OF WWW.STONEBREWING.COM AND SHOP.STONEBREWING.COM PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. YOUR USE OF EITHER OTHESE SITES CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF USE. DO NOT USE THE SITE IF YOU ARE UNWILLING OR UNABLE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE.
1. DEFINITIONS
A “user” is someone who accesses, browses, crawls, scrapes, or in any way uses the Site. The terms “you” and “your” refer to you, as a user of the Site. The terms “we,” “us,” “our,” or “Stone” refer to KoochenVagner’s Brewing Co. d/b/a Stone Brewing Co., a California corporation. “Content” means all of the text, images, photos, audio, video, and all other forms of data or communication. “User Content” means Content that you submit or transmit to or through the Site, such as reviews, compliments, invitations, advice, and information that you display. “Stone Content” means Content that we create and make available on the Site. “Third Party Content” means Content that is made available on the Site by parties other than Stone or its users, such as data providers who license data to Stone for use on the Site.
2. BINDING EFFECT
This is a binding agreement. By using the Internet site located at www.stonebrewing.com and shop.stonebrewing.com (collectively, the “Site”) or any service connected with the Site (the “Services”), you agree to abide and be bound by these Terms of Use, as they may be amended by Stone from time to time in its sole discretion. Stone will post a notice on the Site any time these Terms of Use have been changed or otherwise updated. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically, and if at any time you find these Terms of Use unacceptable, you must immediately leave the Site and cease all use of the Site. YOU AGREE THAT BY USING THE SITE, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 21 YEARS OLD AND THAT YOU ARE LEGALLY ABLE TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.
3. PRIVACY POLICY
Stone respects your privacy and permits you to control the treatment of your personal information. A complete statement of Stone’s current privacy policy can be found below, immediately following these Terms and Conditions. Stone’s privacy policy is expressly incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
When you are required to open an account to purchase goods or products via the Site, you must complete the registration process by providing complete and accurate information requested on the registration form. You will also be asked to provide a user name and password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. You may not use the account, username, or password of someone else at any time. You agree to notify Stone immediately on any unauthorized use of your account, user name, or password. Stone shall not be liable for any loss that you incur as a result of someone else using your password, either with or without your knowledge. You may be held liable for any losses incurred by Stone, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives due to someone else’s use of your account or password.
4. USER CONTENT
You grant Stone a license to use the materials you post to the Site. Any and all User Content posted to the Site may first be reviewed and approved by Stone, which reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, edit, or refuse to post any and all User Content. By posting, displaying, or otherwise transmitting User Content to the Site, you are granting Stone, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives a license to use User Content in connection with the operation of the Internet business of Stone, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives, including without limitation, a right to copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate, and reformat User Content. You will not be compensated for any User Content. You agree that Stone may publish or otherwise disclose your name, if given, in connection with your User Content. By posting User Content on the Site, you warrant and represent that you own the rights to the User Content or are otherwise authorized to post, distribute, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute User Content.
5. COMPLIANCE WITH INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS
When accessing or using the Site, you agree to obey the law and to respect the intellectual property rights of others. Your use of the Site is at all times governed by and subject to laws regarding copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret ownership and use of intellectual property. You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any information or Content in violation of any party’s copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights. You agree to abide by laws regarding copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret ownership and use of intellectual property, and you shall be solely responsible for any violations of any laws and for any infringements of any intellectual property rights caused by any Content you provide, post, or transmit. The burden of proving that any Content does not violate any laws or intellectual property rights rests solely with you.
6. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP
All Stone Content included on the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio and/or video media, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Stone and is protected by U.S. and international intellectual property laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Stone and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Stone or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international intellectual property laws. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Stone or our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta-tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Stone name or trademarks without the express written consent of Stone. You may not use any direct linking or source-calling of any media presented on this website.
7. INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Stone has in place certain legally mandated procedures regarding allegations of copyright and other forms of intellectual property infringement occurring on the Site. Stone’s policy is to investigate any allegations of intellectual property infringement brought to its attention. If you have evidence, know, or have a good faith belief that your rights or the rights of a third party have been violated and you want Stone to delete, edit, or disable the material in question, you must provide Stone with all of the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the subject work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works; (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringed or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Stone to locate the material; (d) information reasonably sufficient to permit Stone to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted; (e) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. For this notification to be effective, you must provide it to Stone at info@stonebrewing.com.
8. INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT
You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any Content that (a) is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, or threatening; (b) advocates or encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or foreign law or regulation; or (c) advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or services. Stone reserves the right to terminate your receipt, transmission, or other distribution of any such material using the Service, and, if applicable, to delete any such material from its servers. Stone intends to cooperate fully with any law enforcement officials or agencies in the investigation of any violation of these Terms of Use or of any applicable laws.
9. PROHIBITED USES
Stone imposes certain restrictions on your permissible use of the Site and the Services. You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate any security features of the Site or Services, including, without limitation, (a) accessing content or data not intended for you, or logging onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Services, the Site, or any associated system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) interfering or attempting to interfere with service to any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the Site or Service, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mail bombing,” or “crashing;” (d) using the Site or Services to send unsolicited e-mail, including, without limitation, promotions, or advertisements for products or services; (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or in any posting using the Services; or (f) attempting to modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reduce or attempt to reduce to a human-perceivable form any of the source code used by Stone in providing the Site or Services. Any violation of system or network security may subject you to civil and/or criminal liability.
10. ALLEGED VIOLATIONS
Stone reserves the right to terminate your use of the Site, and, in its sole discretion, to reject, to refuse to post, or to delete any Content on the Site for any reason. To ensure that Stone provides a high quality experience for you and for other Users of the Site, you agree that Stone or its representatives may access your account and records on a case-by-case basis to investigate complaints or allegations of abuse, infringement of third party rights, or other prohibited uses of the Site. Stone does not intend to disclose the existence or occurrence of such an investigation unless required by law, but Stone reserves the right to terminate your account or your access to the Site immediately, with or without notice to you, and without liability to you, if Stone believes that you have violated any of the Terms of Use, furnished Stone with false or misleading information, or interfered with use of the Site by other Users. Stone assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Site for prohibited Content or conduct. If at any time Stone chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Site, Stone assumes no responsibility or liability for User Content or conduct, assumes no obligation to modify or remove prohibited Content, and assumes no responsibility or liability for prohibited User conduct. If you become aware of misuse of the Site or Services or of any prohibited Content or conduct, please report it to Stone at info@stonebrewing.com.
11. RETURN POLICY
Our bottom line is we want you happy with what you bought from us. If you don’t like what you received, please figure it out before wearing, washing or rolling in cat hair, etc. If we can resell it to a discerning customer, such as yourself, we’ll gladly accept it back within 60 days of purchase. Sorry, but no returning food items. That’s just icky.  Additionally, beer purchased online for delivery in California is not returnable.
To process an exchange or return, please follow the steps below:
Send the items to the following address:
Stone Brewing Co.
ATTN: Merchandise Returns
2120 Harmony Grove Rd.
Escondido, CA 92029
Enclose a note with your order number, name, address, phone number, a brief reason for the return, and whether you would like an exchange or a credit.
In the event that we did everything right and you just need to swap sizes or something similar, we’ll ask that you cover return shipping costs. That’s fair, no? Please include an $8.00 check OR prepaid envelope with your return. In the event we cannot process your exchange, you will be contacted so we can straighten the whole thing out and leave you happy as a clam.
Shipping charges are refundable if:
We screwed up and sent you the wrong darn thing/s.
We didn’t pack your gear well enough to take the abuse of shipping direct to your door. Convenience has its price, you know.
If you have any questions about processing your return or exchange, please feel free to email us at stone.store@stonebrewing.com or call at 760-294-7899 x1620.
In the event your pints or specialty glass arrive broken, please do not send us your broken glass! You can contact our Merchandise Coordinator at (760) 294-7899 X1620, or by email at stone.store@stonebrewing.com regarding a replacement.
12. NO WARRANTIES
STONE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES. STONE IS MAKING THE SITE AVAILABLE “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. YOU ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL DAMAGE OR LOSS FROM USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, STONE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. STONE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
13. LIMITED LIABILITY
STONE’S LIABILITY TO YOU IS LIMITED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL STONE BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST DATA, REGARDLESS OF THE FORESEEABILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR ANY OTHER MATERIALS OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY STONE. This limitation shall apply regardless of whether the damages arise out of breach of contract, tort, or any other legal theory or form of action.
14. AFFILIATED SITES
Stone has no control over, and no liability for any third party websites or materials. Stone works with a number of partners and affiliates whose Internet sites may be linked with the Site. Because neither Stone nor the Site has control over the content and performance of these partner and affiliate sites, Stone makes no guarantees about the accuracy, currency, content, or quality of the information provided by such sites, and Stone assumes no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful content that may reside on those sites. Similarly, from time to time in connection with your use of the Site, you may have access to content items (including, but not limited to, websites) that are owned by third parties. You acknowledge and agree that Stone makes no guarantees about, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, currency, content, or quality of this third party content, and that, unless expressly provided otherwise, these Terms of Use shall govern your use of any and all third party content.
15. INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify Stone for certain of your acts and omissions. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Stone, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and representatives from any and all third party claims, losses, liability, damages, and/or costs (including reasonable attorney fees and costs) arising from your access to or use of the Site, your violation of these Terms of Use, or your infringement, or infringement by any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. Stone will notify you promptly of any such claim, loss, liability, or demand, and will provide you with reasonable assistance, at your expense, in defending any such claim, loss, liability, damage, or cost.
16. GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the United States and the State of California, without reference to their rules regarding conflicts of law. You hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts in San Diego County, California, USA in all disputes arising out of or related to the use of the Site.
17. SEVERABILITY; WAIVER
If, for whatever reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finds any term or condition in these Terms of Use to be unenforceable, all other terms and conditions will remain unaffected and in full force and effect. No waiver of any breach of any provision of these Terms of Use shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent, or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no waiver shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.
18. NO LICENSE
Nothing contained in these Terms of Use or on the Site should be understood as granting you a license to use any of the trademarks, service marks, or logos owned by Stone or by any third party.
19. MODIFICATIONS
Stone may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, (a) revise these Terms of Use; (b) modify the Site; and (c) discontinue the Site at any time. Stone shall post any revision to these Terms of Use to the Site, and the revision shall be effective immediately on such posting. You agree to review these Terms of Use and other online policies posted on the Site periodically to be aware of any revisions. You agree that, by continuing to use or access the Site following notice of any revision, you shall abide by any such revision.
20. TERMINATION
You may terminate this Agreement at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of the Site. Stone also reserves the right to terminate your use of the Site for any reason. Upon termination by either party, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from the Site or through the Service, as well as all copies of such materials, whether or not such copies were made in accordance with this Agreement.
21. COPYRIGHT
All contents of Site or Service are: Copyright © 2015 Stone. All rights reserved.
22. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
BY USING OR ACCESSING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF USE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM.
23. DISPUTES
Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of any Site, or to any products or services sold or distributed by Stone or through its Site will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.
There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Conditions of Use as a court would.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent R. Craig Spitz, 2120 Harmony Grove Rd., Escondido, CA 92029. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes. The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules. We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. Likewise, Stone will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.
We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY EFFECTIVE DATE: January 1, 2020
1. INTRODUCTION
Stone Brewing Co., LLC (“us,” “we,” “Company,” or “Stone”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of the Company Website (“the Site”) at www.stonebrewing.com and shop.stonebrewing.com and the services provided through the Site (the “Services”). We created this Website Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.
BY USING THE SITE AND OR PURCHASING PRODUCTS VIA THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE.
2. NOTICE CONCERNING UNDERAGE USERS
You must be at least twenty-one (21) years of age to access our Site and/or purchase products and items from our Site. We do not direct any of our content at persons under 21 years of age. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of online privacy. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Site user is under age 21, we will promptly delete any personal information in that user’s account.
3. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
(3.1) TRAFFIC DATA COLLECTED
We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Site: (1) IP addresses; (2) domain servers; (3) types of computers accessing the Site; (4) types of web browsers used to access the Site; and (5) your operating system (collectively “Traffic Data”). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for improving your experience on the Site.
We also may use small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the site (“cookies”) to remember your age and birth date so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Persistent cookies can be removed by following your browser help file directions. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of the Site may not work properly or at all.  For more information regarding our use of cookies and your rights regarding the same, see our cookies policy below.
(3.2) PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
In order for you to access certain services and to purchase items and products that we offer via the Site, we may require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information includes the following categories of information: (1) Contact Data (such as your name, mailing address, and e-mail address); and/or (2) Financial Data (such as your account or credit card number). If you communicate with us via e-mail, or otherwise complete purchase orders, surveys, or any other online forms, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.
We use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the collection of Personal Information is limited to that which is necessary to fulfill the purposes identified in Section 4, below. We will not use your information in a manner different than the purpose for which it is collected, without obtaining your consent prior to such use.
(3.3) CONTACTING STONE
If you contact us to provide feedback, register a complaint, or ask a question, we will record any Personal Information and other content that you provide in your communication so that we can effectively respond to your communication. Any such contact with Stone should be made pursuant to Section 9, below.
(3.4) ENFORCEMENT
We may use the information we collect in connection with your use of the Site or Services in order to investigate, enforce, and apply our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
4. USES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
(4.1) COMPANY USE OF INFORMATION
We use Contact Data to contact you when necessary. We will also use Contact Data to send you information about our company or our products or services only if you choose to opt in to receiving such information. We use your Financial Data to bill you for items and products.
(4.2) SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell your personal information.  We share certain categories of information we collect from you in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. We do not share Contact Data with other companies for the purposes of sending you information third party products or services. We may, however, share Contact Data and Financial Data with our business partners who assist us by performing core services (such as hosting, billing, fulfillment, or data storage and security) related to our operation of the Site. Those business partners have all agreed to uphold the same standards of security and confidentiality that we have promised to you in this Privacy Policy, and they will only use your Contact Data, Financial Date, and other Personal Information to carry out their specific business obligations to Company.
5. CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) enforce our Terms of Use. Your Personal Information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties. We provide you with the capability to transmit your Personal Information via secured and encrypted channels if you use a similarly equipped web browser.
We limit the access to your Personal Information to those employees and contractors who need access to perform their job function. If you have any questions about the security on the Site, please contact us at info@stonebrewing.com. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that your Personal Information will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT STONE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SUCH INADVERTENT DISCLOSURES OR ANY INTERCEPTED INFORMATION SENT VIA THE INTERNET, AND YOU HEREBY RELEASE US FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE OF INTERCEPTED INFORMATION IN ANY UNAUTHORIZED MANNER.
6. USER ABILITY TO ACCESS, UPDATE, AND CORRECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We maintain a procedure in order to help you confirm that your Personal Information remains correct and up-to-date. At any time, you may contact us at info@stonebrewing.com.  Further, as explained herein and on our CCPA Request Page, we provide ways for you to access and delete your personal information as well as exercise other data rights that give you certain control over your personal information.
California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act provides some California residents with the additional rights listed below. To exercise these rights see the “Exercising Your California Privacy Rights” section or visit our CCPA Request Page.
Right to Know. You have the right to know and see what data we have collected about you over the past 12 months, including:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you (and direct our service providers to do the same). There are a number of exceptions, however, that include, but are not limited to, when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the following:
Complete your transaction;
Provide you a good or service;
Perform a contract between us and you;
Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it;
Fix our system in the case of a bug;
Protect the free speech rights of you or other users;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interests that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Other Rights. You can request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request is free and may be made once a year. You also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights listed above.
Exercising Your California Privacy Rights. To request access to or deletion of your personal information, or to exercise any other data rights under California law, California residents may contact us using one of the following methods:
Website: You may visit us at https://www.stonebrewing.com/ccpa-data-request-information to authenticate and exercise rights via our website.
Email Webform: You may write to us to exercise rights at caconsumerprivacy@stonebrewing.com. Please include your full name, email address, and phone number, along with why you are writing, so that we can process your request in an efficient manner.
Toll Free Telephone Number: You may call us at 1- 888-812-7772 to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
Response Timing and Format. We aim to respond to a consumer request for access or deletion within 45 days of receiving that request. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
7. LOST OR STOLEN INFORMATION
You must promptly notify us if your credit card or other Financial Data is lost, stolen, or otherwise used without permission. In such an event, we will remove that credit card number from your account and update our records accordingly.
8. PUBLIC INFORMATION
The Site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We also may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, product review boards, and news groups available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information.
9. METHOD OF CONTACT
If you have a question or concern regarding this Privacy Policy, believe that this Privacy Policy has been violated, you may e-mail Stone at info@stonebrewing.com.
In your correspondence, please describe your question, concern, or complaint in as much detail as possible. We will investigate and respond to you promptly.
10. LINKS
The Site may contain links to third party websites with which we have no affiliation. Except as set forth above, we do not share your Personal Information with those third parties, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites.
11. UPDATES AND CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
12. Cookie Policy
Our site uses cookies. A cookie is a piece of code that allows the web server to identify and track activity of the web browser. Most websites use these to make websites work more efficiently and provide information to the owners of the website. While we may automatically use some cookies that are strictly necessary to provide the services you request or enable communications, we request your consent for all of our other cookie uses.
About Cookies
A Cookie is a piece of code that allows the web server to identify and track activity of the web browser. They are widely used in order to make websites work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website. We may use both “Session Cookies” and “Persistent Cookies” on this website. Session Cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent Cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
Types of Cookies
Different cookies are used for different purposes. Our site may use these types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. Our website requires the use of these cookies to properly operate or provide necessary functions relating to the services you request. For example, our website uses cookies to identify trusted web traffic.
Analytics cookies. These cookies allow us to improve how our website works, by allowing us and our third-party service providers to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. These cookies generate aggregate statistics that are not associated with an individualized profile.
Functionality cookies. These cookies are helpful to improve your website experience, but are not essential. For example, these cookies help us recognize you return to our website and personalize content for you. These cookies may enable visitor identification across websites and over time.
Third-party cookies. Our website may contain features or plug-ins enabling third party services that use cookies. We do not control the third party's use of those cookies. Please review each party's cookie disclosure before consenting to this use category. These cookies may enable visitor identification across websites and over time.
This Privacy Policy describes our practices for any personal data that our first-party cookies collect, store, or use.
Choosing Your Cookie Settings
You have a choice about the placement of cookies on our website. You can also use your web browser to directly block all cookies, or just third-party cookies, through your browser settings. Using your browser settings to block all cookies, including strictly necessary ones, may interfere with proper site operation. Guidance on how to control cookies in popular browsers is contained here:
Microsoft Internet Explorer
MacOS Safari
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
You can also find additional information on cookie controls and advertisement here:
Network Advertising Initiative
Digital Advertising Alliance
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Google allows users to opt out of tracking by Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting services. You can adjust your setting here, or download the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on.
Do Not Track Signals
We do not currently respond to 'do not track' signals and similar settings or mechanisms. When you use the Platform, we try to provide a customized experience.
Changes to Our Cookie Uses
We will post any changes to the way we use cookies on this page. If the changes materially alter how we use cookies, we will post a notice on our website and request your consent for the materially different use. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our cookie use notice.
Cross-Border Data Transfers
The cookies we use may process, store, or transfer personal data in and to a country outside your own, with privacy laws that provide different, possibly lower, protections. You consent to this transfer, storing, or processing when you consent to our cookie use. We are based in the United States.
Mobile Search
Home
Beer Finder
Beers
VisitEscondido
Liberty Station
Richmond
Napa
Tap RoomsOceanside
Pasadena
Kettner
J Street
San Diego Int'l Airport
Growler Fills
Getting Beer at Stone
Events
Shop
AboutAbout Stone Brewing
Our Story
Beer Library
Contact Us
Blog
Charity & Beer Donation Requests
Press Room
Careers
Social MediaFacebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
Are you of legal drinking age?Remember MeWe have recently updated our Privacy Policy