http://www.glenmoray.com/privacy-and-cookies-policy
The DistilleryWhiskiesThe StoryCocktailsVisit UsThe ShopNews & Events
Guests, please note that the visitor centre is open but we are currently only operating on our winter opening hours Monday to Friday 9am till 5pm.
Safety of our staff and visitors is paramount so we are unable to offer tours at present but our shop, coffee shop and tasting flights are available with limited spaces.
Please call +44 (01343) 550900 to book or for the most up to date information.
Close
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Careers
FAQs
Getting Here
Tours
Privacy and Cookies Policy
This Privacy and Cookies Policy relates to the Site operated by Glen Moray Distillery Ltd, whose Registered Office is at Glen Turner, Starlaw Road, Bathgate, EH47 7BW, Registered Company Number 348842, hereafter referred to as we, us or the Company. This Policy explains our data processing practices and the ways in which your personal data is used, please take a few minutes to read through it.
Glen Moray Distillery Ltd may collect details provided from use of the Site, contacting the Company through the Site, purchasing products from the online shop and any additional feedback provided. The Company may also collect anonymous data by monitoring traffic patterns, page visitor numbers and other Site usage via cookies.
We do not collect data or information concerning persons who are under the legal age for the consumption or purchasing of alcohol in their country. If the Company has reason to believe that a person who is not of legal age has provided information we will make every reasonable effort to remove this information from our files but we make no guarantees to this effect in the cases of persons misrepresenting themselves falsely on the Site.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They do not harm your computer and they do not store personally identifying information. They use encrypted information gathered to help us improve your experience of the website by delivering a more personalised service.
You can refuse to accept Cookies by opting out on the Site landing page or by disabling Cookie settings in your browser. This may affect your experience of the Site.
We will use information collected to improve and personalise our service to you. We may also use contact details provided to communicate with you. This communication may include sending you promotional information about our products and services or company news and information. This communication may be by email, post, telephone or fax unless you have informed us you do wish to be contacted.
We take all steps necessary to ensure your data in treated securely and confidentially. The Company will not disclose your personal data to any third part companies unless you have given your consent. We may use data collected anonymously, so your personal details are not revealed, for marketing and development purposes.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal details for any reason. You can exercise this right by checking the appropriate boxes on any forms, online or otherwise, to unsubscribe from this practise. You also have the right to access any personal data held about you. You can contact the Company directly for any of these issues.
The Site may contain links to third party websites. We do not accept responsibility or liability for these websites as they have their own privacy policies in place. Please check you agree to these policies before using the websites.
The Company may make changes to this policy at any time. Any changes will be posted here and where appropriate communicated with you via contact information provided.
Glen Moray Distillery, Bruceland Road, Elgin  IV30 1YE
Telephone: 01343 550 900   |  Email us: visitor.centre@glen-moray.co.uk
Copyright © Glen Moray 1999-2015. All Rights Reserved.
Get In Touch
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Careers
FAQs
Getting Here
Spirit of Speyside Whisky Festival
The Malt Whisky Trail
Tours