http://www.keele.ac.uk/discover/sustainability/ouroperations/sustainablecatering/plansandpolicy/
Covid-19 information and FAQs for applicants, students and staff >
Plans and Policy
Keele's Sustainable Food Policy focuses on key aspects of food sustainability including working with local suppliers to support local businesses and reduce food miles; reducing food waste and recycling food waste that is generated through anaerobic digestion; and using certified higher welfare produce such as free range eggs (leading to Keele's achievement of a Good Egg Award), MSC certified fish, and red tractor meat in catering outlets.
Implementation of our sustainable food policy is coordinated by a sustainable food working group and Sustainable Food Policy Action Plan 2018/19. For further information about what we have done click here.
Fairtrade
Keele has been committed to promoting and selling Fairtrade produce for many years, and was first certified under the Fairtrade Foundation in 2008. The University's membership unfortunately lapsed and was unable to be renewed due to changes in the certification system.
Keele recognises its role within the wider world in bringing about fairness in terms of prices, working conditions, and fair terms of trade for farmers and workers in developing countries. The use and promotion of Fairtrade products is a simple but effective way for us to help achieve this. Keele achieves this through having a Fairtrade Policy, Fairtrade Steering Group with representation from across the University including Catering, Procurement, Environmental Manager, Sustainability Project Officer, Students' Union, Chapel, and Sports Centre.
A wide range of Fairtrade produce is available on campus, from coffee (which is not only Fairtrade certified but is also Bird Friendly and is approved by the Organic Food Federation) and tea in Chancellor's Bistro and the Refectory, to chocolate and snacks, Fairtrade wine at Keele Hall, to Fairtrade clothing in the Students' Union shop. Tea and coffee supplied through University catering for meetings is also Fairtrade certified.
Each year, Keele also takes part in Fairtrade Fortnight, organising a programme of events and campaigns promoting Fairtrade produce and the social and environmental benefits the standard aim to deliver. Members of the Fairtrade Steering Group have led activities including a cyclethon to raise money for the Fairtrade Foundation (with cyclists dressed as a Fairtrade banana!) with Fairtrade hampers presented to those who cycled the furthest, annual Fairtrade Bake-Off competitions using Fairtrade ingredients, a Fairtrade Treasure Hunt, and a talk from a visiting Ugandan Coffee Producer was organised through the Fairtrade Foundation for the 2018 event.