https://www.brainerd.com/privacy-terms-use/
Skip to content
Hot Deals
Business Directory
Request a Brochure
Webcam
Blog
Home » Privacy & Terms of Use
Brainerd.com Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the website of Brainerd.com, (“Brainerd.com” “we,” “us” or “our”).
This Privacy Policy explains how we use, share and protect information received or generated by our website and any software provided on or in connection with our services. Our Policy applies to all our members and visitors who access our site (“Users”).
By choosing to access www.Brainerd.com, you understand and agree to our privacy practices stated herein.
Changes to our privacy policy: Brainerd.com may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review this page periodically. If you continue to access our site after any modification to this Privacy Policy, you agree to those modifications.
Contact us if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at vacation@Brainerd.com.
We will not rent or sell your name, email, address, phone numbers, credit card or billing information, or other personally identifiable information (collectively, “Personal Information”) to anyone else. We use such information for internal purposes, to provide our services to you, and to improve our services, such as analyzing trends and collecting statistics. We may also compile and provide aggregate statistics about our Users, and about sales, traffic patterns and related site information to third parties, but these statistics will not include any personally identifiable information.
Here is a more detailed description of how we collect and use information.
1. Information we collect directly from you
Transactional Information: You may be required to provide Personal Information to access some of our services, for example, to make reservations, sign up for our mailing list, request a brochure, or purchase gift certificates. We use this information to fulfill those requests such as sending you promotional materials about Brainerd.com and requesting feedback about your experience with Brainerd.com. This information will help you easily access your information after signing in, remember information so you will not have to re-enter it the next time you use our services and to provide more personalized and relevant content and information to you and others, which may include ads and different forms of marketing.
Communications: When you provide information to use our services, you agree to receive communications from us by email, phone or other means (e.g., for account verification, changes and updates to the services, technical notices, and security notices). We may store and use the information you provide to us through such communications in the same ways we use Member and transactional information.
2. Information we collect through technologies
We may use the information we have received through the technologies described below to provide, test, improve, and monitor different areas regarding the effectiveness of our services, develop and test new features and products, monitor metrics, such as visitor count, traffic, and demographic trends, diagnose and solve technical problems.
Cookies: When you visit our site, we may use cookies and other technologies to collect information regarding how you use the site. Details are provided in the separate section on Cookies below.
Log files: When you access our site, our servers automatically record particular log file information, which includes your web request, browser type, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, referral/exit pages and URLs, the number of clicks and how you interact with links, and other such information. We might also collect similar information from the emails sent to our Users, which helps us to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked. This helps us improve our services.
Device identifiers: If you use a mobile device like a cell phone or tablet to access our site, we may collect information from “device identifiers.” Device identifiers are data files stored within or connected to your mobile device, which identifies your unique mobile device. These identifiers may send information to us or to a third party partner about how you and other users browse and use the site, which may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and more relevant ads.
Analytics: We may use third-party analytics tools that help us to measure usage trends and traffic for the site. These tools collect information sent by your computer or device or our site, including popular user habits, websites you visit, and other information that helps us improve our services. We collect and use such User analytics information in aggregate, in ways that do not identify individual Users.
Metadata: Metadata is technical data that can reveal how, when and from whom a piece of user content was collected and how that content is formatted. Users can add or may have Metadata added to their content including a hashtag, comments or other types of data.
Do Not Track Setting: Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time, our site responds to Do Not Track browser settings.
3. How we may share your information
We will not share, sell or rent your information in any way to third parties without your permission, except as noted in this Policy. We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymous aggregate data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that can no longer be used to identify you individually and share that combined information.
Affiliate Companies: We may share your Personal Information, Public Content, and other information we collect with businesses that are legally part of the same group of companies that Brainerd.com is part of, or that become part of that group (“Affiliate Companies”). Affiliate Companies may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve our services and Affiliate Companies’ services.
Residents of Minnesota (and others as required by applicable law) may request a list of Personal Data we have disclosed about you to third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. This request must be written, signed, and mailed to us.
Service Providers: We may share your information including information from technologies with third-party organizations that help us provide services to you (“Service Providers”). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary, under reasonable confidentiality terms.
Advertisers: We may share information such as data from cookies with third-party advertisers, to allow their ad networks to deliver more relevant advertisements to you.
Change in our company ownership: If we sell or otherwise transfer our assets to another organization (e.g., acquisition, merger, dissolution, liquidation, and bankruptcy), your Personal Information, Public Content and any other information we have collected may be among the items sold or transferred. The buyer or transferee will be required to preserve the commitments we have stated in this Privacy Policy.
Responding to legal requests: We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (for example, a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we believe in good faith that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, is relevant to users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.
We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Information we have received about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period when it is subject to a legal request or obligation, government investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
4. How your information is stored
Any information collected through the site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Brainerd.com, its Affiliate Companies or Service Providers maintain facilities.
Brainerd.com, its Affiliate Companies, or Service Providers may distribute information that we collect about you across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and uses that may differ from United States law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
5. Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards and have commercially acceptable security measures in place to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you. However, no security system can be 100% safe, and we make no guarantees in this regard.
6. How long we keep your information
Following deactivation or removal of your account, Brainerd.com, its Affiliates, or its Service Providers may retain information (including your Personal Information) and Public Content for a reasonable amount of time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.
7. Children’s privacy
The Services and Brainerd.com content are not directed at children under the age of 13. Brainerd.com does not allow anyone under the age of 13 to register for the Services and we do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at the link provided below.
8. Third party websites and services
We cannot control the content, information collection practices, or privacy policies of third party websites or services that may be linked to our Services.
Whenever you use a link to go from our Services to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Once you access a third party site or service, your browsing and interaction there will be subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. Also, we are not responsible and do not have control over how others may use your Public Content.
9. Cookies
A Cookie is a small text file which is stored in a dedicated area of your computer or device (tablet or smartphone) and accessed through your browser. It allows the sender to identify the computer or device wherein it is stored. Cookies from partner companies (third-party Cookies) can be placed on your computer via the pages of our website. Only the issuer of a Cookie is capable of reading or modifying the information contained therein.
The Cookies that we issue are used for the purposes described below, during the period of validity of the Cookie in question, subject to your choices resulting from the settings of your browser software when you visit our website, which you can change at any time.
Adapt the presentation of our website, spaces and advertising content to your device’s display preferences (the language used, screen resolution, the operating system used, etc.), as appropriate, depending on the location data sent by your device with your prior permission, as well as your personal data;
Store information about the forms completed on our website or about products, services or information chosen via our website; manage and secure access to restricted and personal spaces;
Establish statistics and volumes related to our website traffic and the use of its various components (sections and content consulted) to enhance the value and usability of our services;
To calculate the amounts payable to those involved in the advertisement circulation chain and compile statistics: identify and account for the total number of advertisements posted by us on our advertising spaces, including the number of views, number of clicks, and subsequent actions taken by these users to which these advertisements lead;
The issue and use of Cookies by third parties are subject to these third parties’ privacy policies. We will inform you of the purpose of the Cookies of which we are aware and the means available for you to make choices regarding these Cookies.
Social networks: We may include third-party IT applications on our website which allow you to share content from our website with others or to inform them of your inquiry or opinion regarding our website content. This is true, in particular, of the ‘Share’ and ‘Like’ buttons from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, etc. The social network providing these application buttons may identify you are using these buttons, even if you do not use them when you visit our website. Indeed, this type of application button can allow the social network in question to track your navigation on our website if your account on this social network is enabled on your computer or device at the time you visit our website. We have no control over the processes used by social networks to collect information about your navigation on our website and linked to the personal data at their disposal. We invite you to consult these social networks’ privacy policies to make yourself aware of the purpose of using the navigation information they may collect through these application buttons, including for advertising. In particular, these protection policies should enable you to exercise your choices on these social networks, particularly through setting your user account parameters on each of these networks.
Advertising Space: Advertising content (graphics, animations, videos, etc.) disseminated through our advertising spaces may contain Cookies issued by third parties. These Cookies may, during the validity of the Cookies, allow for the number of visits to our website and the advertising content displayed on our advertising spaces to be counted, in particular for statistical and billing purposes.
Targeted Advertising: Our websites may contain cookies issued by third parties (advertising agencies, audience measurement companies, targeted advertising providers, etc.) allowing them, during the period of validity of such cookies, to collect navigation information relating to the terminals connecting to our websites. We determine advertising content likely to correspond to the areas of interest identified in prior navigation via your computer or device.
To ensure that you are fully informed, we specify that the issuing of these cookies and the collection of this data do not allow our partners to identify you personally. Your first name, surname, username, postal address, email address, and password are not, in any case, communicated to third parties without your prior and explicit consent.
Several options are available to you for managing Cookies. Any settings you modify are likely to change your Internet browsing and your conditions for accessing certain services requiring the use of Cookies. You can choose, at any time, to express and modify your wishes regarding Cookies, through the means described below.
Agreeing on Cookies: Registering a Cookie in a computer or device essentially depends upon the desires of the user, which can be expressed or modified at any time, free of charge, through the choices offered by the browser. If through your browser, you accepted the registration of Cookies in your computer or device, the Cookies integrated into the pages and content you view can be stored temporarily in a dedicated space on your device. They will be readable only by their issuer.
Refusing Cookies: If you refuse to accept Cookies in your device, or if you remove the Cookies registered, you will no longer be able to benefit from some features which are nevertheless required to navigate some areas of our website. This will be the case if you try to access our content or services requiring a login. This will also be the case when we – or our service providers – are no longer able to recognize, for technical compatibility, the type of browser used by your computer or device, its language and display settings, or the country from which your computer or device appears to have connected to the Internet. In such cases, we disclaim any responsibility for the consequences of any degradation in the operation of our services due to our inability to record or consult the Cookies necessary for this operation which you have refused or deleted.
The configuration of each browser, for Cookie management and your choices, is different. This information is described in the help menu of your browser, which allows you to find out how to change your requirements regarding Cookies. Instructions to delete Cookies from all major browsers is described at this website: https://www.lifewire.com/how-to-delete-cookies-2617981
Adobe Flash Player’s™ ‘Flash’ Cookies
Adobe Flash Player™ is a computer application that allows for the rapid development of dynamic content using the computer language ‘Flash.’ Flash (and similar applications) memorizes the settings, preferences, and use of this content through technology similar to cookies. However, Adobe Flash Player™ handles this information and your choices via a different interface from the one provided by your browser. The Flash Player Settings Manager can be accessed at this website: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html.
10. GDPR
Residents and citizens of the European Union are entitled to certain rights and privileges as defined in the European Union’s Global Data Privacy Rights regulation ((EU) 2016/679). To the extent required by applicable law, we recognize you may exercise the following rights by contacting us at vacation@brainerd.com:
Access: You may receive a list of your Personal Data we process.
Rectification: You may correct any Personal Data that we hold about you.
Erasure: You may request that we delete your Personal Data from our systems.
Data Export: We will send you a copy of your Personal Data in a common portable format.
Regulator Contact: You have the right to contact or file a complaint with regulators about our processing of Personal Data. To do so, please contact your local data protection or consumer protection authority.
It is possible for you to use some of our services without providing any Personal Data, but you may not be able to access certain features or view certain content. You have the following choices regarding the Personal Data we process, to the extent required by applicable law, which you may exercise by contacting us at vacation@brainerd.com:
Consent: If you consent to processing, you may withdraw consent any time.
Direct Marketing: You have the choice to opt-out of processing related to marketing communications or to withdraw your consent if marketing communication was initiated through consent. You may exercise your choice via the links in our communications or by contacting us.
Profiling & Personalization: You may opt out of the creation or other processing of Preferences Data by automated means, and object to processing for personalization purposes. Note that we may not be required to cease certain types of processing based solely on an objection.
Cookies & Similar Tech: If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, you can manage/deny cookies (and certain technologies) using your browser’s settings menu. You must opt out of third-party services directly via the third party. You can opt-out of Google’s analytics and marketing services by visiting the Google Analytics Terms of Use, the Google Privacy Policy, or the Google Analytics Opt-out.
Behavioral Advertising: You may opt out or withdraw your consent to behavioral advertising. You can limit or opt out of our processing for behavioral advertising by contacting us. For third-party services, you must opt-out directly with the third party. Examples as shown below:
For Google’s use of cookies, visit Google’s Ads Settings.
For DoubleClick’s use of cookies, visit the DoubleClick opt-out page.
For Facebook Custom Audience Pixel, visit their customer support page.
For Twitter’s use of audience pixels, visit the Twitter help page.
For certain online advertisers, you can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at www.aboutads.info/choices or the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp
Scroll To Top