http://www.apex-books.com/apex/customer_support/apex_academic_book_policy.htm
Home
Company
About Us
Contact Apex
Copyright Policy
Copyright Permissions
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Support
How to Order
Return Policy
Discount Policy
Desk/Exam Copies
Contact Apex
Books
The Brewer's Handbook
Grape Grower's Handbook
Greenhouse Management
Organic Crop Production
Customer Support
How To Order
Return Policy
Discount Policy
Desk/Exam Copies
Contact Apex
Desk and Examination
Book Policy
Desk Copies
If you have adopted an Apex Publishers
book for course use, and your textbook store has ordered at least fifteen copies of the book, you are entitled to one free copy of the book for your course use. Desk copy requests must be on departmental letterhead. Please include the name and enrollment of the relevant course, as well as the name of the bookstore who handles your textbook requirements. Please allow 3-4 weeks for delivery.
Shipping charges are applicable for
addresses outside the United States.
Examination Copies
If you are a teacher, instructor, or professor who is considering using an Apex Publishers book for your course, you may request an examination copy. Examination
copy requests must be on departmental letterhead specifying the following information:
Instructors name
Instructor's email address
Course title
Start date and frequency of course
Expected enrollment
Textbooks currently being used
Examination
copies are licensed and may not be sold or transferred to a third party. Please note that these policies
apply to U.S. institutions only.
Once you have submitted a valid exam copy request, we will send you a 60 day examination copy for review. Should you adopt the book and place an order for fifteen or more copies, no payment will be due. If you do not adopt the book, an invoice will be generated at 30% off listed retail price or you may return the book and have the invoice canceled. Books must be returned in saleable condition with original invoice information.
Where to Send Your Request
Send examination copy and desk copy requests to:
Apex Publishers
Desk/Exam Copy Requests
6002 Rockton Court
Centreville, Virginia
20121
[No e-mail requests, please]
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Agreement
Contact Us
© Copyright 2019 Apex Publishers or related companies. All rights reserved.
No part of this content or the data or information included therein may be reproduced, republished or redistributed without the prior written consent of Apex Publishers. Use of this site is governed by our Copyright Policy, Terms of Use Agreement and Privacy Policy.