http://www.curlu-selkirkrex.com/privacy-policy/
How To Pest Control Tips & Tricks
Home
Terms Of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Me
Posts
Home
Terms Of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Me
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
curlu-selkirkrex Inc. ("curlu-selkirkrex")
operates curlu-selkirkrex.com and may operate other websites. It
is curlu-selkirkrex's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, curlu-selkirkrex collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. curlu-selkirkrex's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how curlu-selkirkrex's visitors use its website. From time to
time, curlu-selkirkrex may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
curlu-selkirkrex also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on curlu-selkirkrex.com
blogs/sites. curlu-selkirkrex only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to curlu-selkirkrex's websites choose to interact
with curlu-selkirkrex in ways that require curlu-selkirkrex to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that curlu-selkirkrex gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at curlu-selkirkrex.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with curlu-selkirkrex are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, curlu-selkirkrex collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
curlu-selkirkrex. curlu-selkirkrex does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
curlu-selkirkrex may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. curlu-selkirkrex may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, curlu-selkirkrex does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
curlu-selkirkrex discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on curlu-selkirkrex's behalf or to provide services available
at curlu-selkirkrex's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using curlu-selkirkrex's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. curlu-selkirkrex will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, curlu-selkirkrex discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when curlu-selkirkrex believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of curlu-selkirkrex, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an curlu-selkirkrex website and have supplied your email address, curlu-selkirkrex
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with curlu-selkirkrex and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. curlu-selkirkrex takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. curlu-selkirkrex uses cookies to
help curlu-selkirkrex identify and track visitors, their usage of curlu-selkirkrex
website, and their website access preferences. curlu-selkirkrex visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using curlu-selkirkrex's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of curlu-selkirkrex's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If curlu-selkirkrex, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that curlu-selkirkrex goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of curlu-selkirkrex may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by curlu-selkirkrex and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, curlu-selkirkrex may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in curlu-selkirkrex's sole
discretion. curlu-selkirkrex encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a curlu-selkirkrex.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Jan
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
Recent Posts
Benefits Of Booking Periodic Pest Control Service
Why Is Hiring Reliable Pest Control Service Better Than You Handling Them?
How to Guide on Pest Control Ipswich
Discover Amsterdam and Major Attractions in an Idyllic Destination
The Unpretentious Luxury and Natural Bliss of Japan
Categories
How To Pest Control
© 2020 How To Pest Control Tips & Tricks. All Rights Reserved.