http://www.warnersgroup.co.uk/competition-terms/
Competition Terms
Warners Group Publications plc Competition General Terms & Conditions
The Maltings, West Street, Bourne, Lincs. PE10 9PH – Tel:+44 (0)1778 391000
Published: April 2018 (Brands updated as added to portfolio)
Last Updated: November 2020 – Social Media Competition section added and Item 16
This policy applies to all Warners Group Publications Plc websites, magazines and social channels including but not limited to these brands:
These Competition Terms and Conditions are our general terms, they apply to every competition featuring on any Warners Group Publications Plc website, all brand social channels, in any of our paper magazine brands, at any of our own events or on our brand show stands at other events.
Each competition will also have its own specific terms and conditions around how to enter, what the opening/closing dates are, what the competition winner’s prize will be etc.
You should always read these general terms together with any specific terms. If any specific terms conflict with these general terms, the specific terms will take precedence.
By entering any Warners Group Publications competition(s) you are accepting that you will be legally bound by these general terms and any applicable specific terms.
We may change these general terms at any time so you should check this page regularly for any changes. Changes will apply from the date that they are published on this page. You can download and save a copy of these terms here.
1. Only one entry per household is permitted, multiple entries will be disqualified.
2. Warners Group Publications Plc employees and family members of any company associated with the competition are not eligible to enter.
3. Persons under 13 years of age may only enter with the written permission of a parent or legal guardian.
4. The winners will be the first eligible entries, drawn at random, after the closing date.
5. By entering the competition, you confirm that all information submitted by you is true, current and complete. Warners Group Publications Plc reserves the right to verify the eligibility of all entrants.
6. There is no purchase requirement to enter an online prize draw style competition. In order to enter online registration is required as part of the entry process, there is no charge to register with any Warners Group Publications Plc website.
7. Any personal data relating to entrants will not be disclosed to a third party without the individual’s consent. Please see our Privacy Policy for full details of our commitment to your data security.
8. The winners will be contacted within 28 days of the draw closing date.
9. We reserve the right (when reasonably required to do so) to replace the stated prizes with prizes that we consider to be of broadly equivalent value. We offer no cash alternative for non-cash prizes and prize winners must accept prizes in the form offered.
10. No alternative prize or cash in lieu will be offered and the prize is non-transferable.
11. Warners Group Publications Plc reserves the right to disqualify any entrant if it has reasonable grounds to believe the entrant has breached any of the rules.
12. In the event of any dispute regarding the rules, conduct, results and all other matters relating to a competition, the decision of the judge(s) shall be final and no correspondence or discussion shall be entered into.
13. Warners Group Publications Plc will not be liable if a prize does not reach a prize-winner for any reason outside of their control or if a prize is damaged during delivery.
14. Warners Group Publications Plc reserves the right to cancel or amend the competition in the event of unforeseen circumstances or circumstances outside its reasonable control.
15. Winners may be requested to take part in promotional activity and Warners Group Publications Plc reserves the right to use the names and addresses of winners in any publicity both in paper and online.
16. Warners Group Publications reserves the right to re-draw an alternative winner and re-allocate the prize, if after a period of 28 days, the original winner has not responded to a request for postal details to ship the winners’ prize.
Social Media Competitions
If a competition is a purely run on any of our brand social media channels the following additional terms apply:
1. In respect of each prize draw, the number of overall winners, and prize details, are as described in the relevant social media post.
2. Competitions can be run on any social media pages including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter & Instagram.
3. The winner(s) will be selected at random from all entries which fulfil the stated entry requirements eg. sharing, liking, following, commenting, submitting a photograph / video or use of a stipulated hashtag.
4. Winners will be announced on our social channels including publishing the name and county of location of the winner.
5. All competitions are promoted by Warners Group Publications, the owner and Publisher of all magazine/online brands. Competitions are not sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, the social media channel ie. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or any other social channel.
6. No bulk, software-generated, automatic, or third-party entries shall be accepted. If a false name is used, that entry will be disqualified.
Where Photographs, Videos or other Media are required for entry
If a competition requires entrants to submit a photograph and/or video clip to enter or participate in a competition the following terms also apply:
1. the entrant warrants that they are the person in the photograph or video and/or they have prior consent from all persons in the photograph or video to submit it as part of their entry;
2. entrants agree that we have the right to publish and communicate to the public the photographs in any media without restriction or limitation throughout the world and not only for the purposes of the competition;
3. entrants acknowledge that we may edit the photographs or video at our sole discretion;
4. entrants agree that we have the right to use names, likenesses and other personal information submitted in conjunction with the photograph or video;
5. entrants agree not to bring any actions, suits, claims and demands against us in respect of defamation or any infringement or violation of any personal and/or property rights of any sort from our use of their photograph or video.
Magazines
Shows
Websites
Contact Us