http://www.easyjet.com/en/terms-and-conditions
We use cookies to give you a better experience on easyJet.com. By continuing to use our site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies as set in our Cookie Policy.
OK, got it
Introduction
These are the legal terms and conditions (the “Terms”) which apply to your
Booking with easyJet Airline Company Limited, a company registered in England with registered office at
Hangar 89, London Luton Airport, Luton, Bedfordshire, LU2 9PF, with company number 03034606 and VAT
number GB 745360825.
These Terms incorporate:
our Privacy Policy,
which sets out how we may use your data;
our Acceptable Use
Policy, if you use our Website or App; and
any Booking Confirmation and any specific conditions set out in it.
Please read these Terms carefully and make sure that you understand them before booking any
easyJet flights.
When certain words and phrases are capitalised in these Terms, they are defined terms with the meaning
given in section 22 below.
In these Terms, when we refer to “easyJet” or to "we",
"us" or "our", we mean easyJet Airline Company Limited and, in
relation to your flight, the easyJet operating airline described in section 2 below. When we refer to
"you" or "your", we mean you as the Passenger or the Booker on a
Booking.
In addition to these Terms, if you purchase Additional Services through us such as car hire, hotels,
travel insurance, or an easyJet Holiday, specific terms and conditions will apply to those services.
Those terms are shown at the time of booking and in your booking confirmation(s) for those services. To
find out more please visit our Additional Services page.
If a particular term in these Terms is invalid or inconsistent with any Applicable Law, the Applicable
Law will apply, but the other terms will remain valid.
Flying with easyJet
When you book a flight with us, your Booking and contract is with easyJet Airline Company Limited. Your
flight will however be operated by one of the three operating airlines in our group set out below, all
of which offer the same easyJet service on board and throughout your journey. All flights are governed
by these Terms.
If your flight number begins with:
EZY, your flight will normally be operated by easyJet UK Limited, whose registered office is at
Hangar 89, London Luton Airport, Bedfordshire, UK, LU2 9PF (VAT no. GB 302620751);
EJU, your flight will normally be operated by easyJet Europe Airline GmbH, whose registered
office is at Wagramer Straße 19, 1220 Vienne, Austria, (VAT no. AT U72316013); and
EZS, your flight will normally be operated by easyJet Switzerland S.A, whose registered office
is at 5 route de l’Aeroport, 1215 Geneva 15, Switzerland (VAT no. CH 106.034.481).
If for any reason the air carrier operating your flight is not one of the above companies, then we will
let you know as soon as we can. Such carriage will still be governed by these Terms.
We’ll show any updates to your operating airline in the Flight Tracker tool on our
Website and our App.
Bookings
Making a Booking
All Bookings must be made by someone over the age of 18.
Flights can be booked directly with us through the Website, our App, by phoning our Customer Services
Team or with our Customer Services Desk at the airport (where available).
You can also book through Agents. If you book through an Agent, they may be recorded as the Booker with
us and, if so, will have the responsibilities to you as set out in section 3.6.
Please note that when you make a Booking with us we will create an account for you, through which you
can complete and manage your Booking. We may also do so when you make a Booking through an Agent. Please
see our Privacy Policy for
more details.
Our Distribution
Charter sets out our policy relating to Bookings made by Agents, requiring them to provide
the best possible levels of service for Passengers at all times. We reserve the right not to accept
Bookings made through Agents who do not comply with our Distribution Charter. Please confirm with your
Agent that they comply with our Distribution Charter prior to booking a flight.
A Booker can make a Booking on behalf of other Passengers, provided that the Booker must:
accept these Terms on behalf of all the Passengers;
take responsibility for managing and passing on any communications about the Booking, including
these Terms, to all Passengers on the Booking;
if the Booker is not a Passenger, provide us with the email and phone number of the main
Passenger so we can contact them directly in the event of any disruption to their flight, such
as delays or cancellations;
have the consent of each Passenger to receive any refund (where applicable) due under the
Booking; and
acknowledge that any other Passengers on the Booking may make subsequent changes to it (as set
out further in section 6.12 below).
Booking for a large group
You can make a standard Booking for up to 40 Passengers on our Website. Alternatively, to assist with
making Bookings for groups of 15 or more Passengers, we offer a dedicated Group Bookings
team. Bookings made through this dedicated team will be subject to specific fees and our Group Bookings Terms.
When a Booking is confirmed
When you complete the order process with us, it is treated as an offer to contract with us. The offer is
only accepted by us, and a contract formed, when we generate a Booking Reference in our systems. If you
try to book but for any reason this fails and does not generate a Booking Reference, you will not have a
valid Booking with us.
Your Booking Reference will be displayed on your Booking Confirmation which we will send to the Booker
by email. Please check all the details carefully. You should contact us if anything is incorrect - see
also section 6 (Making changes to your Booking).
If you think you have made a Booking but have not received a Booking Reference or Booking Confirmation,
please contact us.
Cancellations of Bookings for certain behaviours
We reserve the right to cancel your flight or Bookings connected to you, deny you boarding or take other
action to protect us and our systems, with or without prior notice to you, if:
you cannot provide, upon request, contact information for the cardholder in order for us to
carry out security checks;
the cardholder did not authorise or disputes the authorisation of the payment and/or claims that
the Booking is fraudulent;
you have not paid (or the Booker has not paid on your behalf) the appropriate fares or any other
outstanding charges related to your Booking;
we reasonably suspect that the Booking, or any information provided in relation to the Booking
(whether provided by the cardholder, the Booker or a Passenger) is fraudulent, deceptive,
abusive or inaccurate; and/or
we reasonably suspect that the cardholder, Booker or any Passenger on the Booking, is connected
to any other fraudulent activity.
Fares, taxes, currency and payment
Our Fares
Fares are for your specific flights only. Our fares cover your air transport from airport to airport
only and do not include ground transport or any other extras, unless stated otherwise.
Taxes and Charges
When you make a Booking, the applicable Government Tax is passed onto you and is included in the total
price you pay to us. The Government Tax amount is listed in the table in our Fees and Charges.
In the unlikely event that the Government Tax increases after you have made a Booking, we may require
you to pay the excess to enable you to fly. If we require you to pay the excess and you decline to do
so, you may cancel your Booking and receive a refund of the fare. If the Government Tax decreases after
you have made a Booking, you will be entitled to a refund of the difference.
Other than Government Tax, we bear the costs we incur in providing your flight (such as fuel costs,
airport charges, maintenance services etc.). We do not pass these third party charges on to you.
Section 4.4 above does not apply to additional costs incurred as a result of your misconduct, breach or
non-compliance with relevant requirements, which we reserve the right to recover from you (e.g. as set
out in section 14.2).
Currency
Our fares are payable in the currency shown at the time of Booking. If you add any flight extras (such
as seating) or make changes online or by phone, we will charge you fees in the same currency as your
original Booking. If you do this at the airport, we will charge you fees in the local currency.
Payment
Unless we tell you otherwise, the Booker must pay in full at the time of making your Booking.
Payment methods may differ depending on the Website, App or sales channel you are using.
Your bank or card issuer may charge you foreign currency or other transaction fees. We are not
responsible for these fees.
We may process your payment otherwise than in real time. If payment fails or is reversed for any reason
after you have made a Booking, we may need to contact the Booker to request that payment is completed.
If we do not receive payment in full either within 21 days from the time of Booking or at least six
hours prior to your flight (whichever is sooner), we may cancel your Booking.
Residents of Balearic Islands, Canary Islands, Ceuta and Melilla
Residents of the Balearic Islands, Canary Islands and cities of Ceuta and Melilla may be entitled to
discounts on certain flights. Please see our Resident and Large Family
Discounts page for more details.
Refunds
Our fares and fees are non-refundable, so if you cancel, miss, or do not take your flight you will not
receive a refund, except as stated in these Terms.
Cancellations within 24 hours of making the Booking
If you cancel your Booking in full within 24 hours of making the Booking, we will give you a full refund
minus the Cancellation Fee listed in our Fees and Charges. You can make
this cancellation online or by calling our Customer Services team. If you booked through an Agent, you
must ask them to do this for you.
However, please note that you are unable to cancel your Booking less than 2 hours before the
scheduled departure time of the first flight (even if within 24 hours of making the Booking).
Cancellations due to serious illness or family bereavement
If you need to cancel due to your serious illness or family bereavement, please contact our Customer
Services Team as soon as you can. Our team will review your case and if your circumstances qualify we
may, in our discretion, offer you a fee waiver or flight voucher towards the value of a subsequent
flight, to be used within six months. You may be asked to provide proof of these special circumstances.
Refund of Government Tax
If you cancel, miss or do not take your flight, this does not affect the other flights on your Booking.
You can claim a full refund of Government Tax (as listed in Fees and Charges) for the
flight(s) you do not take. You can do this by contacting our Customer Services Team.
Method of refund
We will only pay refunds to the Booker using the original payment method or original easyJet account, as
applicable. If the original payment method or account is no longer available, we will refund to an
alternative payment method in the Booker’s name. If you have booked through an Agent, they will be
responsible for passing on any refund to you. We are not responsible for any fees the Agent may apply
for processing the refund.
A refund made to someone presenting themselves to us as the Booker using the necessary Booking and
security details, and who we reasonably believe is the Booker, will be deemed a proper refund and we
will not process any further claim for a refund by the Booker or any other Passenger on the Booking.
Refunds will normally be made in the original currency in which the Booking was made.
Making changes to your Booking
Our change fees are clearly listed in our Fees and Charges.
Changing your flight
You can change your flight to another available easyJet flight if you pay the Flight Change Fee plus the fare
difference, if any, for your new flight. This is calculated when you make the change. If the new fare is
lower than the original fare, we will not refund you the difference.
Earlier return flight
On the day of your return flight, you may be able to change to an earlier flight with us by paying the
Earlier Return Flight Fee,
without an additional fare difference. Please note:
You can only do this if you have a return (not one-way) Booking and have flown the outbound on
that Booking.
You can only change to an earlier return flight from the same departure point to the same
arrival point. This generally means the same airport. However we group some airports together so
you can search from/to more than one airport in that group. For example, for London you can
change to/from Gatwick, Luton, Southend or Stansted. Please see Catching an earlier
flight for more details.
Passenger changes
You can change the name of a Passenger on a Booking to someone else by paying a Name Change Fee.
You cannot resell your ticket to someone else. We reserve the right to cancel any Booking, without a
refund, if we reasonably believe it may have been resold or made available for resale (including, but
not limited to, via any online marketplace).
Spelling mistakes
It is important that your name is spelt correctly on your Booking Confirmation and boarding pass and
that it matches the name on your travel document. If it is not, you will need to correct it as soon as
possible.
You can do this on our Website or on our App (for changes of up to three characters only). If you cannot
make the correction online, you can contact our Customer Services Team. We will not charge you to do
this, as long as we reasonably believe you are correcting a mistake and not trying to change the Booking
to someone else.
Flexi fares
If you purchase an easyJet Flexi fare, some of our change fees are waived. Please see our Fares page for more
details.
How to make changes
Our change fees depend on
when the change is made and which channel you use to make the change. You can make changes:
on our Website or via our App, at least two hours before departure;
by speaking to our Customer Services Team, at least two hours before departure; or
in person at our Customer Services Desk at the airport, at least one hour before departure (90
minutes at some airports – please see our Closing Times).
If you booked through an Agent, you may be able to make changes through their booking system. They will
need to process any changes with us at least two hours before departure. Please check with the Agent if
they can do this for you. We are not responsible for any Agent fees.
The time limits set out in this section 6 are based on the scheduled departure time of your original
flight or the flight you wish to change to, whichever is earlier. These time limits do not change if
your flight is delayed.
A Booker or Passenger may request changes to a Booking having passed through the requisite data
protection security questions and confirmed to us that they have the consent of the Booker and other
Passengers (as applicable) to make such changes. Provided we have acted reasonably and in good
faith upon the answers to our data protection security questions, we will not be liable for having made
such changes if, without our knowledge, such consent had not been given.
easyJet Holidays
If you have booked an easyJet Holiday, please contact the easyJet Holidays customer services
team to make any changes. Please see the easyJet Holidays terms and
conditions.
Additional Services
If you have booked Additional Services for your trip - such as car hire, hotels, transfers or travel
insurance – you are responsible for making any necessary changes to those services if your flights
change. We are not responsible for those other changes.
Travelling with Children and Infants
For the purposes of these Terms, an "Infant" is a child under the age of two years old
on the date of the flight and a "Child" is a child over the age of two years old and
under the age of 16 years old on the date of the flight.
We do not carry Infants who are less than 14 days old on the date of the flight.
We only carry Infants or Children if they are travelling with an Accompanying Adult, who must be on the
same Booking as the Infant or Child. Please contact our Customer Services Team if you need to add an
Infant or Child to your Booking.
Except as set out in section 7.6, Infants do not need a separate seat and may sit on an Accompanying
Adult’s lap, and we charge a fee for such Infants. See our Fees and Charges. Alternatively
you can buy a separate seat for your Infant provided they have a car seat/restraint device that we
accept on board – please see Flying with children for
more details. Children cannot sit on an Accompanying Adult’s lap and must have a separate seat.
Tickets for Infants with a seat and for Children are charged at our normal fare, but the Government Tax
may differ.
For safety and operational reasons, certain seats are not available to be purchased for an Infant. Only
one Infant per seating row may be booked to sit on an Accompanying Adult’s lap.
You cannot be an Accompanying Adult for more than two Infants. If you are an Accompanying Adult with two
Infants, only one Infant can sit on your lap. The other Infant must be seated next to you in a suitable
car seat/restraint in a separate seat (which you have purchased in accordance with section 7.4). You can
purchase separate seats for both Infants if you prefer
If you are travelling with an Infant or Child, you must always take full responsibility for them
throughout your journey. You must ensure that they are adequately and securely seated on board. Under no
circumstance may you ask a passenger who is not on your Booking to accept responsibility before or
during a flight for an Infant or Child.
Document requirements for Infants and Children may vary from country to country. In accordance with
section 11.10 (Documents and Other Information) below, it is your responsibility to ensure that all
Passengers on the Booking are properly documented.
On any one Booking, there must be at least one Accompanying Adult for every 10 Children.
Passengers requiring special assistance
Specific requirements
If you have special assistance requirements in relation to a disability or a medical condition, please
add any requests at the time of making your Booking, so we can pass on the request to the relevant
airport teams. You can also add a request after you have made your Booking – please see our Special Assistance
Contact page for more details. Please make sure you let us know your requirements at least
48 hours before the scheduled departure time of your flight.
For safety reasons, if you have a disability or medical condition which means you are unable to do any
of the following things:
understand the safety briefing
fasten and unfasten your seat belt
take out and put on your life jacket
leave your seat and get to an emergency exit
put on an oxygen mask; and/or
use the toilet on your own
we require a Companion to accompany you on your flight. If your Companion does not already have a
ticket for your flight, they can buy one at the same price as yours. Please see our Special Assistance
page for more details on Companions.
When the number of passengers with reduced mobility forms a significant proportion of the total number
of passengers carried they must not exceed the number of able-bodied persons capable of assisting with
an emergency evacuation.
Wheelchairs and mobility aids that weigh more than 60kg can only be accepted for travel if both arrival
and departure airports can provide the facilities to load and unload the device. Notifying us at least
48 hours prior to your departure or at the time of Booking will enable us to establish this and use
reasonable efforts to accommodate your needs.
For more details on our policies regarding special assistance, including the carriage of recognised
assistance dogs (including specific training requirements) and the carriage of wheelchair and mobility
equipment, please visit our dedicated Special Assistance page.
You and we must be reasonably satisfied that before you board the aircraft you are medically fit to fly.
If you have any reason to suspect, or ought reasonably to know, that you have a condition which might be
exacerbated by the normal operation of an aircraft and/or others on board or could cause you difficulty
if you do not have medical assistance before the flight has ended, then you should not fly and we may
not accept you for travel. If you have any doubt whatsoever you must seek professional medical advice
before flying with us. Whenever you are aware of a medical condition of this type, but have been advised
that you are fit to fly provided certain precautions are taken (for example, use of medication), it is
your responsibility to ensure that all such precautions are in fact taken before, during and after your
flight as needed. We may ask you to produce written evidence of your fitness to fly before we can accept
you for travel.
Pre-booked assistance
If you are travelling with a wheelchair or have pre-booked assistance, please advise a member of our
Ground Crew or proceed to the pick-up point provided by the Airport Authority when you arrive at the
airport and they will organise the assistance for you. You should ensure that you arrive at the airport
with sufficient time to go through airport security and get to the boarding gate in time for your
flight. We recommend arriving at least 2 hours before your scheduled departure time.
We will use our best endeavours to pre-board you in advance of other Passengers if you are at the
boarding gate when the announcement for pre-boarding is made. You may be accompanied in pre-boarding by
a maximum of one Companion and any siblings under the age of 16.
The provision of assistance through the airport, onto the aircraft, off the aircraft and through the
arrivals process at the destination is the responsibility of the relevant Airport Authority. Concerns
about the level of service provided should be directed to the Airport Authority as appropriate.
Seating
We operate an allocated seating system. You can select seats for a fee at the time of Booking or
afterwards online. The fee varies depending on the seat category, the specific flight and when the seat
is selected. Some of our seat categories include other benefits such as Speedy Boarding and additional
Cabin Bag allowance. Please see our Seating Policy and Fees and Charges for more
details. Some of our fares include seat selection, as shown at time of Booking. All seats are
conditional upon availability at the time you seek to select the seats. If you choose to select seats,
you must do so for all Passengers on your Booking.
If you choose not to select a seat we will allocate one for you automatically when you check in. Our
system will try to allocate you seats close to other Passengers on your Booking, but this depends on
availability and is not guaranteed.
For safety reasons, some seats are restricted and are not suitable for all Passengers. Please see our Seating Policy for more
details.
Except as set out in 9.5 and 9.6 below, all seat fees are non-refundable. If you change your flight and
have paid for a seat on your original flight, we will try to offer you an equivalent seat on your new
flight. If the new seat fee is higher than your original seat fee, you will need to pay the extra to
select it. If the equivalent seat is not available, you prefer another seat, or you do not want to
select one, you will not be entitled to a refund.
Seat fees will be refunded if we cancel your flight and you choose a full refund rather than
transferring to another easyJet flight.
We reserve the right to amend your seat selection, whether before travel or on-board, for operational or
safety reasons. Should we need to amend your seat selection, or if we rebook your flight as a result of
a delay or cancellation, and are unable to honour that seat selection by providing a seat in the same or
higher category that you have purchased, then you will be entitled to a refund of the seat fee.
Check-in and Advanced Passenger Information
We are an online check-in only airline.
Check-in opens 30 days before departure. Prior to arriving at the airport for your flight, you must
check-in online and either print your boarding pass or download a mobile boarding pass (if you are
flying from an airport where they are accepted). Please see the Website for details about online
check-in and mobile boarding pass acceptance.
For travel to many countries, you will also be required to provide Advanced Passenger Information. You
must ensure the information submitted is accurate and you must update it if it changes. You must travel
using the documents you have submitted.
If you change any details of your flight(s) after checking in online, if your flight has been cancelled
or if you have transferred to another flight, you will need to check-in online again and print or
download a new boarding pass. If you’re already at the airport when your flight is cancelled,
please go to the bag drop or Customer Services Desk where one of our Ground Crew will assist you.
If you have any technical problems whilst checking in online please try again later. If you continue to
have difficulties, please seek assistance checking in with our Ground Crew at the airport. This must be
done prior to the bag drop Closing Time.
Airport Procedures
Arrival at the airport
You must arrive at the airport sufficiently in advance of the scheduled flight departure time to
complete bag drop (if you have Hold Baggage) on time, complete all government formalities and security
procedures and present yourself at the gate on time. Procedures may vary at different airports and for
particular flights. It is your responsibility to ensure that you comply with these formalities and
procedures. Our Closing Times for bag drop and gate closure are shown in your Booking Confirmation and
on our Website.
These Closing Times are based on the scheduled departure time of your
flight. Unless we expressly tell you otherwise, Closing Times do not change if your flight is delayed
and you must still comply with them.
You will need to present your boarding pass and all required travel documents. Please see section 11.10
(Travel Documents and Other Requirements). You must adhere to any security screening checks or
procedures required by government or airport officials or by us. This includes all information we are
required to produce to comply with Advanced Passenger Information requirements. You must also comply
with all requirements in our biosecurity policy – see our webpage for further
details. This includes the need to wear a mask throughout your journey, and specific documents you must
bring if you have a medical exemption. We may amend our biosecurity policy from time to time and will
provide the latest updates on our Website. You must check and comply with the latest policy that applies
to your flight and date of travel.
Speedy Boarding
If you are entitled to ‘Speedy Boarding’ for your flight, you may join the priority queue at
bag drop and for boarding the aircraft. Whether you are entitled to Speedy Boarding will be stated on
your Boarding Pass. We do not guarantee that Speedy Boarding will always enable you to board in order of
priority as boarding processes are always subject to operational requirements.
You should make sure to be at the boarding gate when boarding begins to use Speedy Boarding. Please see
our Boarding page for more
details.
If you miss your flight
If you arrive at the gate beyond the designated Closing Time for any reason, and/or you are unable to
present your boarding pass and all required travel documents upon request, we may refuse to carry you
and you will miss your flight.
If you miss your flight, you can request a transfer to the next easyJet flight to the same destination
that has availability by paying a Rescue Fee as listed in our Fees and Charges. To do this,
you must present yourself, with valid documents, at our Customer Services Desk at the airport within two
hours following your missed flight’s scheduled departure time.
We will not be liable for any costs you incur as a result of you missing your flight and you will not be
entitled to any compensation or refund (save as set out in section 5.4).
Travel Documents and Other Requirements
We require all passengers to provide photographic ID at bag drop and at the boarding gate for all
flights including domestic services.
Travel document requirements vary by route, your nationality and status. Document validity periods
apply, which may be longer than your intended stay. Requirements may also differ for children and those
travelling with them. Please see our Travel Documents page for
more details. Please note we cannot give advice on your specific circumstances.
You are solely responsible for checking and complying with all Applicable Laws and document requirements
(including entry and exit visas or permits, health, medical and other documents) of any countries you
are flying to, from or through. You are also responsible for checking government foreign travel advice
which may affect your trip.
We shall not be liable to you in connection with obtaining necessary documents or your failure to comply
with Applicable Laws, requirements or these Terms. Your submission of your Advanced Passenger
Information does not mean that you are accepted or eligible to enter any state or territory. We reserve
the right to refuse carriage to any Passenger we reasonably believe has not complied with, or whose
documents we reasonably believe do not comply with, such requirements, or where we are instructed by
government authorities to do so.
Right to refuse carriage
We may refuse to carry you and/or your Baggage, or remove you from a flight if you have already boarded,
without any liability on our part, if we reasonably believe:
you or your Baggage may put the safety of the aircraft or the health or safety of any person in
the aircraft or airport in danger or at risk;
you are drunk or under the influence of alcohol or drugs in the airport or on board;
you have smoked or attempted to smoke in the airport (other than in permitted areas) or on
board;
you are in unlawful possession of drugs;
your mental or physical state is a danger or risk to yourself, the aircraft or any other person
on it;
you have caused harm to, injured, or used threatening, abusive, insulting, discriminatory,
obscene or lewd language or behaviour towards a member of our staff, Ground Crew or any
Passengers
you have made a bomb threat or other security threat;
you have committed a criminal offence during the Booking process, the check-in or boarding
process, at the airport or on board the aircraft;
you are a hazard or risk to yourself or other persons or to property;
you have not observed our instructions with respect to safety or security, either on board or at
the airport, including the requirements set out in our biosecurity
policy. This includes the need to wear a mask throughout your journey, and specific
documents you must bring if you have a medical exemption;
you have refused to submit to a security check of yourself or your Baggage;
you have a medical illness or condition that requires a certificate from your doctor confirming
your fitness to fly and/or confirming an exemption from the need to wear a mask, and you do not
present a valid certificate, or otherwise you do not satisfy us that you are fit to fly
(please see our Medical
Conditions page and biosecurity policy
page for more details);
you require specific assistance outside the services easyJet offers to people with a disability
(please see section 8 and our Special
Assistance page for more details);
you are not properly documented;
we are instructed to do so by government authorities (including in relation to your Advanced
Passenger Information);
any documentation presented by you:
has been acquired unlawfully or has been purchased from an entity other than us or our
authorised agent;
has been reported as being lost or stolen;
is counterfeit or the subject of payment fraud; or
has been altered by anyone other than us or our authorised agent, or has been mutilated,
(and in any such case we reserve the right to retain such documentation);
the person presenting themselves at bag drop or the gate cannot prove that they are the
Passenger named on the Booking;
you have tampered with, or deliberately caused damage to, the aircraft or any safety equipment,
or have attempted to access any controlled areas without authorisation;
that carriage of you and/or your Baggage may otherwise compromise safety or security; and/or
such action is necessary in order to comply with any Applicable Law.
In any of the situations outlined in section 12.1 above:
we may cancel any subsequent flights contained in your Booking (and no refunds will be paid in
such circumstances); and
we may cancel any existing Bookings and/or refuse to accept future Bookings for you for such
length of time as we deem appropriate with regard to the circumstances.
Baggage
Cabin Baggage
Save as set out below, you are permitted one piece of Cabin Baggage per Passenger.
Please see our Cabin Baggage
Policy for more details, but in particular please note:
your Cabin Baggage must comply with the allowance and maximum dimensions set out in our Cabin Baggage Policy.
If it does not, it will be placed in the aircraft hold and you will be charged the gate hold bag
fee in accordance with our
Fees and Charges;
Important: For all flights from 10 February 2021:
The standard allowance you can bring on board is one small cabin bag
(max 45x36x20cm) which must fit under the seat in front of you. In addition:
if you have purchased an Up front or Extra legroom seat you may bring on board
one large cabin bag (max 56 x 45 x 25cm), which must fit in the overhead locker;
if you have an easyJet Plus card or FLEXI fare you may bring on board one large
cabin bag (max 56 x 45 x 25cm). You should select an Up Front or Extra Legroom Seat
to use this benefit; if you do not then this will be subject to available space on
board;
if you booked your flight before 1 December 2020 for travel after 10 February 2021, you
may use our Hands Free service where you can check in a large cabin bag (max 56 x 45 x
25cm)
for free at our Bag Drop desks on presentation of your email invitation from us; please
do
not bring this to the gate as it will be placed in the hold and you will be charged the
gate hold bag
fee.
due to limited space on board, we may also place any Cabin Baggage which is within your
allowance in the aircraft hold at no additional cost to you. (if it is not within your
allowance,
including as set out above for flights from 10 February 2020, you will be charged the
gate hold bag fee).
Please always ensure you remove any valuables, essentials such as medicine and travel documents
from any bags to be placed in the hold;
there is no weight restriction for Cabin Baggage (although Passengers must be able to place and
retrieve the item of Cabin Baggage safely in the overhead storage lockers without assistance).
However, on occasion we may need to impose a weight limit for operational reasons. In this
instance your Cabin Baggage may be placed in the aircraft hold at no additional charge to you;
an overcoat, shawl, umbrella or walking stick and one bag of goods purchased after you have
cleared the security screening point at the departure airport may also be carried in addition to
the allowance of one item of Cabin Baggage;
you will be entitled to certain additional items if you are travelling with an Infant or Child
- see Flying with
children for more details. Please see our Medical conditions
page in relation to
medical equipment; and
we may amend our Cabin Baggage Policy from time to time and will provide the latest updates on
our Website. You must check and comply with the latest policy that applies to your flight and
date of travel.
Unless we tell you otherwise, you are prohibited for reasons of safety from operating on board any
transmitting electronic equipment or similar devices except hearing aids and heart pacemakers. Any
non-transmitting devices or transmitting devices where that function can be switched off can be used
during the flight, subject to any Crew instructions. Please see our Dangerous Goods Policy for
more details including on the carriage of oxygen.
Sealed alcohol may be carried in your Cabin Baggage but you will only be allowed to consume alcohol on
board that has been purchased from the on board bistro.
Hold Baggage
We charge fees for each item of Hold Baggage. Please see our Fees and Charges. Fees depend
on your flight and when you purchase the Hold Baggage. Fees are always higher for Hold Baggage added at
the airport.
You can purchase Hold Baggage during the Booking process or after Booking on our Website, App or via our
Customer Services Team (up to two hours before your flight time). You can also purchase additional Hold
Baggage at bag drop (or our Customer Services Desk) at the airport.
Please note that if you add Hold Baggage on our Website, App or via the Customer Services Team, the Hold
Baggage allowance will apply to all flights on your Booking. If you wish to add Hold Baggage to selected
flights only within a Booking, you will only be able to do this directly at the airport, where the
airport price will apply.
You must check in your Hold Baggage at our bag drop desk. You must not take it to the gate. Hold Baggage
must have your name or other personal identification securely attached to it.
When you submit your Hold Baggage to us and if we accept it, we will take custody of it, and issue a
Baggage Receipt for each piece of Hold Baggage. You must keep each Baggage Receipt as proof of having
checked it in. At certain airports we operate Auto Bag Drop. If you use Auto Bag Drop, it is your
responsibility to ensure you correctly attach the bag tags and submit your Hold Baggage in accordance
with the instructions. You may not be issued a paper Baggage Receipt using Auto Bag Drop but we
will record it in our systems.
We will ordinarily carry your Hold Baggage on the same aircraft as you unless for safety, security or
operational reasons, we need to carry it on an alternative flight. If your Hold Baggage is carried on an
alternative flight we will deliver it as soon as reasonably practicable to you, unless any Applicable
Law requires you to be present for customs clearance.
You must comply with our Hold Baggage size and weight limitations as set out in our Baggage Policy. The maximum
acceptable weight for each single piece of Hold Baggage is 32kg. Hold Baggage which exceeds this weight
will not be accepted for carriage. Any Hold Baggage that is outside allowed dimensions will be
considered oversize baggage and you should contact our Customer Services Team for advice as to how the
item may be carried.
If you exceed your Hold Baggage weight allowance, you must pay an excess weight fee per kilogram, as set
out in our Fees and Charges.
If you are travelling with other Passengers under the same Booking, you may pool or share your total
Hold Baggage allowance with any other Passenger in your Booking.
You should not include in your Hold Baggage fragile or perishable items, money, jewellery, precious
metals, silverware, computers, electronic devices, negotiable papers, securities or other valuables,
business documents, passports and other identification documents or samples and we accept no liability
for them save as stated in section 17.
Freight or cargo items cannot be accepted as Hold Baggage.
Musical Instruments, Sports Equipment and Bicycles
We have special rules and fees for the carriage of musical instruments, sports equipment and bicycles.
Please see our Baggage Policy.
Please note that the fees for these special items apply even if they are within the dimensions of
standard Baggage.
Failure to comply with our Baggage policies
If you fail to comply with any of our policies regarding the carriage of Cabin Baggage, Hold Baggage,
musical instruments, sporting equipment or bicycles, or pay the relevant fees before check-in or
boarding closes, we reserve the right to refuse you travel without payment of any refund or compensation
to you.
No Refunds on Baggage Fees
Baggage fees will not be refunded once paid, even where you do not carry the items or weight paid for or
where you cancel or change your flight. However if you change your flight, your paid Baggage allowance
will apply to your new flight.
Dangerous Goods and Items Unacceptable as Baggage
You must not include in your Baggage the items listed below:
items which are likely to endanger the aircraft or persons or property on board the aircraft
(including but not limited to gas cylinders, flammable liquids and solids, poisons, radio active
material, corrosives, firearms and explosives) without our consent. Please see our Dangerous Goods
Policy for more details;
items which have not been properly packed in suitcases or other suitable containers in order to
ensure safe carriage using ordinary care in handling;
items the carriage of which is prohibited by Applicable Law;
items which are unsuitable for carriage by reason of their weight, size or shape (including
fragile or perishable items);
live animals (including pets, insects, reptiles, or any other form of livestock), with the
exception of recognised assistance dogs; and
human or animal remains (provided that the carriage of human ashes in your Cabin Baggage is
permitted if: (i) you inform us of your intention to carry the ashes prior to travel; (ii) you
can produce a copy of the death certificate and the cremation certificate; and (iii) the human
ashes are securely packaged in an appropriate sealed container within your Cabin Baggage
allowance).
We may refuse to accept Baggage containing such items, and reserve the right to search your
Baggage to determine whether you are carrying such items. For that purpose, we may search your
Baggage in your absence if you are not available and may break any locks attached to your
Baggage.
If you are unwilling to comply with any search of your Baggage, we may refuse, without refund or other
liability to you, to carry you and/or your Baggage. In the event that a search or scan causes damage to
your Baggage, we shall not be liable for such damage unless due to our fault or negligence.
If required, you must attend the inspection of your Baggage by customs or other government officials. We
are not liable to you for any loss or damage suffered by you through your failure to comply with this
requirement unless due to our fault or negligence.
If you are in any doubt about what items you can take in the aircraft cabin or in the hold or where you
should pack particular items then please call us in advance of your travel or ask at our Customer
Services Desk at the airport.
Government and/or Airport Authorities may impose additional or more onerous requirements applicable to
Baggage.These requirements may be changed at short notice, and will apply to your Baggage, even though
they may differ from those set out in these Terms, our policies and/or your Booking Confirmation. We
will try to let the Booker know as soon as we can, using the details we have been given in the Booking,
if these requirements change between the time of your Booking and your flight. Where a government or
Airport Authority allows more items to be carried than allowed by us, you remain bound by these Terms.
Collection and Delivery of Baggage
You must collect your Baggage as soon as it is available for collection at your arrival airport. If you
do not claim or collect your Baggage within 28 days of the time it was made available to you, we may
dispose of it without any liability to you. If you are unable to collect your Baggage, we may at our
discretion assist in making the Baggage available for delivery to you using suitable courier services,
Any delivery fees will be at your own cost, which will be agreed prior to arranging delivery.
Only the bearer of the Baggage Receipt, delivered to the Passenger at the time the Baggage was accepted
(or the Passenger named on the Baggage Receipt in our system where the Passenger used an Auto Bag Drop),
is entitled to receipt of the Baggage.
If a person claiming the Baggage is unable to produce the applicable Baggage Receipt upon request, we
will only deliver the Baggage to that person on condition that they establish to our satisfaction that
they are the Passenger who checked in the Baggage or otherwise have the right to receipt of the Baggage,
and if we require, they must provide security to ensure liability to us for any loss, damage or expense
which we may incur as a result of delivering such Baggage to a person without such Baggage Receipt or
identification.
Conduct On Board
In accordance with Applicable Law, the captain is in command of the aircraft and every person on board
must obey their lawful commands. Where Passengers misbehave, are disruptive, or otherwise cause
problems, all our captains are given authority to resolve the issues as best they can in all the
circumstances. This may include the use of physical restraint and, where possible, removal from the
flight of such persons.
If you conduct yourself on board the aircraft or at the airport so as to:
endanger the aircraft or any person or property on board or at the airport; and/or
obstruct the Crew or Ground Crew in the performance of their duties; and/or
fail to comply with any instruction of the Crew or Ground Crew; and/or
use any threatening, abusive, discriminatory or insulting words towards the Crew or Ground Crew
or behave in any of these ways towards the Crew or Ground Crew; and/or
behave in a disorderly, unpredictable, unsafe, discriminatory or aggressive manner or in a
manner to which another Passenger may reasonably object,
we may take such measures as we deem necessary to prevent continuation of such conduct, including
your restraint or removal from the aircraft or the airport, as well as termination of your
continued travel on a flight. You may be prosecuted for offences committed on board the aircraft
or at the airport. You will be liable to us for all costs arising from your improper conduct on
board the aircraft or at the airport. If a diversion has been necessitated by a
Passenger’s behaviour, resolution of the issue may involve handing over those Passengers
to security or legal enforcement agents at the diversion point.
If as a result of your conduct we decide to divert the aircraft for the purpose of offloading you, then
you must pay to us all costs and expenses which we incur of any nature whatsoever as a result of, or
arising out of, that diversion. If you cause any damage whatsoever or your actions cause us to incur any
costs, we will hold you liable for any costs, damages or resulting liabilities incurred. We may take
such action as we deem appropriate to recover such costs from you. We may also refuse to accept future
Bookings for you in these circumstances until any costs outstanding are repaid.
In accordance with civil aviation safety requirements, all easyJet flights are non-smoking. Passengers
should note that smoking is strictly forbidden and measures will be taken to stop any Passenger smoking
anywhere on board an easyJet aircraft.
At our discretion, we will supply and serve, where appropriate, alcoholic drinks to Passengers on board.
Passengers are prohibited from consuming alcohol on easyJet flights other than alcohol that the
Passenger has purchased from the on board bistro.
Schedule Changes, Delays and Cancellation, Regulation EU261
Except for your rights under these Terms or Applicable Law, the flight times shown on our Website or
elsewhere are not guaranteed.
We are not responsible for errors or omissions in timetables or other information released by third
parties about the dates or times or operation of any flight
At any time after a Booking has been made, we may need to change our schedules or cancel, divert, deny
boarding or delay any flight. This may include changes for reasons of safety, required regulatory
approvals, or for other commercial or operational reasons.
If we make a cancellation or significant change, we will contact the Booker about this as soon as we
reasonably can using the contact details we have in the Booking. If you are the Booker, it is your
responsibility to contact all other Passengers on the Booking about any such change.
The provisions governing cancellations, delays and denied boarding are set out in the Convention and
(where applicable) Regulation EU261. Nothing in these Terms affects your rights under such Applicable
Law. Please see our dedicated web
page for more details about your rights and support information for disrupted services.
Please also see section 19 in relation to Regulation EU261 claims procedures.
Point-to-point flights
easyJet is a point-to-point carrier and we do not operate connecting or ‘through tickets’
for our flights or the flights of other carriers.
If you have booked an onward flight with easyJet or another carrier, this represents a separate contract
of carriage. We do not guarantee or accept liability for missed onward carriage on a subsequent flight.
Where you choose to book such an onward flight, you are responsible for ensuring that you comply with
all check-in, baggage and travel document requirements for that flight. To benefit from separate
protections for self-connecting flights please see Worldwide by
easyJet.
We require you to have the right to enter the country of arrival of your flight. We do not take into
account any onward flight you may have (even if there is an airside transfer route at that arrival
airport). This requirement also applies if you booked through Worldwide by easyJet.
Liability
These Terms govern our liability to you. The liability of any third party carrier on whose ticket or
booking you are travelling will be determined by that other carrier’s own conditions of carriage.
Our liability to you governed by the Convention
Our liability in relation to your carriage by us is governed by the rules and limitations under the
Convention, unless such carriage is not international carriage to which the Convention applies, in which
case any other Applicable Law shall apply.
Passenger death or injury
Under the Convention, we shall be liable to you in the event of an accident resulting in your death or
other bodily injury whilst on board an aircraft operated by us or in the course of any of the operations
of embarking or disembarking.
The amount of damages payable by us for death or bodily injury is not subject to any financial limit,
except that where the Convention applies and if proven damages exceed 128,821 Special Drawing Rights, we
can exclude liability if we prove that either such damage was not due to our negligence or other
wrongful act or omission or that of our servants or agents, or that such damage was solely due to the
negligence or other wrongful act or omission of a third party.
If we prove that the damage was caused, or contributed to, by the negligence or other wrongful act or
omission of the deceased or injured Passenger, we may be exonerated wholly or in part from our liability
in accordance with Applicable Law.
We shall without delay, and in any event no later than 15 days after the identity of the natural
person(s) entitled to compensation has been established (by a court or otherwise), make such advance
payments as may be required to meet the immediate economic needs of that person on a basis proportional
to the hardship suffered. In the event of death, the advance payment will not be less than the
equivalent of 16,000 Special Drawing Rights per Passenger.
Any advance payment paid pursuant to section 17.6 above:
shall not be construed as an admission of liability by us and is made without prejudice to any
defence which we are entitled to assert;
may be offset against any subsequent sums payable on the basis of us being held liable;
is not returnable unless we subsequently prove that: (1) the damage was caused, or contributed
to, by the negligence or other wrongful act or omission of the deceased or injured Passenger; or
(2) the person who received the advance payment caused, or contributed to, the damage by
negligence or other wrongful act or omission; or (3) the person who received the payment was not
the person entitled to compensation.
Save to the extent that Applicable Law may otherwise provide, where any advance payment paid pursuant to
section 17.6 above, or any part thereof, is returnable to us pursuant to section 17.7 above, the person
who received the payment concerned shall make the repayment to us immediately upon the relevant proof
being established (in a court or otherwise), together with interest calculated from the date of receipt
of the payment by that person until the date of repayment to us, at the then current judgment rate
applicable in the court having jurisdiction.
Passenger Delay
Under the Convention, our liability for damage caused to a Passenger by delay is limited to 5,346
Special Drawing Rights. We shall not be liable to you if we took all reasonable measures to avoid the
damage or it was impossible to take such measures.
Damage to Baggage
We are not liable for any damage to your Cabin Baggage except to the extent the damage resulted from our
fault.
In respect of Hold Baggage, we shall be liable to you for its destruction, loss or damage during the
time it was in our charge and to the extent that damage did not result from the inherent defect, quality
or vice of the Baggage.
We shall not be liable to you for damage due to over-packing or for normal wear and tear of Baggage such
as small scratches, scuffs, dents and cuts, or other damage which does not prevent you from using the
Baggage.
Unless section 17.14 applies, our liability to you for loss or damage to Baggage, including loss or
damage caused by delay, is limited to 1,131 Special Drawing Rights per Passenger, unless it is proven
that the damage resulted from the act or omission of us or our agents and was done either:
with intent to cause damage; or
recklessly and with knowledge that damage would probably result, and you prove that our
employees or agents were acting within the scope of their employment.
If you make a special declaration of a higher value (up to £2,500) to our Customer Services Desk
when checking in your Baggage and you pay us the applicable fee, our liability shall be limited to the
higher value. We reserve the right to check whether any value declared adequately reflects the Baggage
content.
Special Drawing Rights shall be converted into the appropriate national currency as at the date of
judgment or settlement.
We are not liable in any event in respect of loss or damage to Baggage which is not permitted to be
carried under these Terms (including our Dangerous Goods Policy) or for
any fragile, valuable, perishable articles or articles not packed in suitable containers that have been
packed in your Baggage contrary to the requirements of section 13.17.
General
Other than as specified in these Terms, we are liable to you only for compensatory damages which you are
entitled to recover for proven losses and costs under the Convention.
We are not liable for damage arising from our compliance with any Applicable Law, or from your failure
to comply with the same. In the event of any claim for damage, delay or loss, we may make use of all
defences of contributory negligence applicable under the Convention.
Any exclusion or limitation of our liability shall apply to and be for the benefit of our agents,
employees and representatives and any person/entity whose aircraft is used by us and such
person's/entity’s agents, employees and representatives to the same extent as they apply to us.
The aggregate amount recoverable from us and from such agents, employees, representatives and
person/entity and such person's/entity’s agents, employees and representatives shall not exceed
the amount of our limit of liability, if any.
We shall not be liable for indirect or consequential damages of any nature whatsoever and howsoever
arising. Unless expressly provided in these Terms, nothing shall waive any exclusion or limitation of
our liability under the Convention or other Applicable Law and to the extent consistent with the
Convention, in no event will our obligations exceed any liability specified in these Terms.
Nothing in these Terms excludes or limits, or intends to exclude or limit: (a) liability for death or
personal injury caused by our negligence or (b) liability for our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
or (c) liability that cannot be excluded or limited by Applicable Law.
Travel Insurance and Insolvency Protection
Because our liability is limited, you should always ensure you have adequate insurance cover for your
entire travel, including to cover the value of your Baggage and its contents and any medical risks.
Please visit our travel insurance webpage for more
details.
Except where you have purchased a Package or Linked Travel Arrangement (as defined in our Package Booking Terms), or an
easyJet Holiday your Booking is not covered by any scheme of insolvency protection by easyJet. Please
visit our webpage for more details
on insolvency protection.
Claims Procedures
Personal Injury or Death claims
If:
you have a claim for personal injury; or
your personal representative has a claim for your death,
you or your personal representative, as applicable, should tell us in writing as soon as
possible.
Baggage Claims
If your Baggage is damaged, lost or delayed during a flight, you must advise a member of our Ground Crew
at the arrival airport as soon as you are aware that it has been damaged, lost or delayed.
If you receive your Baggage without making a complaint, this will be reasonable evidence that the
Baggage was delivered in good condition and according to these Terms, unless you prove otherwise.
If your Baggage is delayed for more than 24 hours on an outbound flight, you can spend a reasonable
amount (up to £25 per day per person) on essential items, for a maximum of three days. To claim
this allowance you must submit a claim in writing using our online
form within 21 days of
the relevant flight. All claims must be supported by documentary evidence (e.g. receipts) of the
necessary purchases made.
In any event, any claim for damage to, loss or delay of Baggage must be made in writing to easyJet
within the following timeframes:
in the case of damage to Baggage, as soon as you discover the damage after you have received the
Baggage, and at the latest within seven days; This includes supporting documentation such as
photographs of the damage; and
in the case of delay, within 21 days from when the Baggage has been made available to you.
Regulation EU261 Compensation Claims
In relation to claims for compensation under Regulation EU261:
Passengers must submit claims directly to easyJet and allow us 28 days (or such time as required
by Applicable Law, if less) to respond directly to them before engaging third parties to claim
on their behalf. You may submit claims using the online form here;
save as set out in 19.6.3 and 19.6.4 below, we will not process claims submitted by a third
party if the Passenger concerned has not submitted the claim directly to us and allowed us time
to respond, in accordance with section 19.6.1 above;
subsections 19.6.1 and 19.6.2 above will not apply to Passengers who do not have the capacity to
submit claims themselves. The legal guardian of a Passenger who lacks capacity may submit a
claim to us on their behalf. We may request evidence that the legal guardian has authority to
submit a claim on the Passenger’s behalf;
a Passenger may submit a claim to us on behalf of other Passengers on the same Booking. We may
request evidence that the Passenger has the consent of other Passengers on the Booking to submit
a claim on their behalf;
in any event, except for 19.6.3 and 19.6.4 above, we will not process claims submitted by a
third party unless the claim is accompanied by appropriate documentation which shows us the
authority of the third party to act on behalf of the Passenger;
Passengers are not prohibited by this section from consulting legal or other third party
advisers before submitting their claim directly to us; and
in accordance with our procedures, any compensation payment will be made to the nominated bank
account held by a Passenger on the Booking. We may request evidence that the bank account is so
held by the Passenger concerned.
Limitation of Claims
Any action in court to claim damages and/or compensation under a Convention must be brought within two
years of the date of arrival of the aircraft at its destination, or the date on which the aircraft was
scheduled to have arrived, or the date on which your carriage by easyJet ceased. The method of
calculating the period of limitation shall be determined by the law of the court where the case is
heard.
For claims under Regulation EU261, the limitation period is determined by the law of the court where the
case is heard. In England and Wales, this is six years from the date of the relevant flight.
Customer complaints procedure
For general queries or complaints, please contact us using the details available on our Contact Us page.
Alternative Dispute Resolution
If we have been unable to resolve your complaint, you may be able to refer your complaint to AviationADR
within 12 months of our final response. They are approved by the Civil Aviation Authority to provide an
independent review of complaints and dispute resolution services. Their details are: AviationADR, 12-14
Walker Avenue, Stratford Office Village, Wolverton Mill, Milton Keynes, MK12 5TW , telephone 0203 540
8063, email aviation@cdrl.org.uk and website www.aviationadr.org.uk. Or, you may use the European
Commission’s online dispute resolution platform via the electronic form available on the website of the
European Commission (external website, link opens in a new window).
Assignment
You may assign any right to compensation, damages or refund you may have against us only where the right
is assigned to:
natural persons who are registered as Passengers on your Booking; and/or
if you are a member of a travel group, to other Passengers of that travel group; and/or
if the Passenger is a minor or otherwise not legally competent, to that Passenger’s legal
guardian(s); and/or
assignment or subrogation of the claim is required by Applicable Law.
Except as set out above, you agree not to assign any right to compensation, damages or refund against us
and that any other assignment shall be invalid.
Data Protection
We control the ways and the purposes for which your personal data is processed by us and we are the
“controller” for the purposes of the data protection laws that apply to us, including EU
Regulation 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR).
We process your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy. For more information on the
personal data that we collect about you, how we protect it, how and why we process it, who we disclose
it to and what your data protection rights are, see our full Privacy Policy.
Please ensure that the contact details of the Booker and any Passengers provided to us are correct, and
update them us immediately if they change. You can do this via our Website or App.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
Unless otherwise provided by Applicable Law (including, where applicable, the Conventions and Regulation
EU261):
these Terms and all services provided by us to you pursuant to these Terms, including in respect
of yourself and/or your Baggage, shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales;
you can bring proceedings in the English courts, which shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction in
relation to any dispute (contractual or non-contractual) arising out of or in connection with
this Agreement including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination;
if you are a consumer resident in another member state of the European Union, you may also be
able to bring proceedings in the courts of the member state in which you are resident; and
if you are a consumer resident in Switzerland, you may be able to bring proceedings in the
canton in which you are resident.
Definitions
The following terms shall have the following meanings when used in these Terms:
"Accompanying Adult" means an adult Passenger of at least 16 years of age who is on
the same Booking as an Infant or Child and accompanies them on a flight;
"Additional Services" means services we offer other than our flight services;
"Advanced Passenger Information" means additional information (including your travel
document details) to be provided as part of the check-in process, which we are required by law to
pass onto government authorities prior to your travel;
"Agent" means a third party who provides a service to passengers to book easyJet
flights on their behalf, such as travel agents, tour operators or corporate booking tools;
"Airport Authority" means the owner and/or operator of an airport at which we
operate flights from;
"App" means the easyJet mobile applications connected to the Website and operated by
or for easyJet where Bookings can be made;
"Applicable Law" means all laws, statutes, regulations, bye-laws, mandatory codes of
conduct and mandatory guidelines, including the Convention, applicable to the Booking, your travel
with us and any other services we provide to you under these Terms;
"Auto Bag Drop" means the automatic baggage tagging and check-in machines that we
operate at certain airports;
"Baggage" means your personal property accompanying you on your trip, including
Cabin Baggage and Hold Baggage;
"Baggage Receipt" means a document issued by us to identify each piece of your Hold
Baggage;
"Booking" means a booking for one or more easyJet flights (with any Additional
Services if applicable) which is accepted by us in accordance with section 3.8;
"Booking Reference" means the alphanumeric locator we issue to the Booker to confirm
and identify each Booking;
"Booker" means an adult of at least 18 years of age who makes a Booking on behalf of
all Passengers in that Booking;
"Booking Confirmation" means the confirmation page and/or email from easyJet to the
Booker which includes your Booking Reference and sets out the details of your Booking and any
special terms and conditions applicable to your Booking;
"Cabin Baggage" means any Baggage you take with you on board your flight (including
items such as handbags, briefcases and laptop bags) and which is not Hold Baggage (if we check any
of your Baggage into the aircraft hold at check-in or at the gate, it becomes Hold Baggage);
"Child" has the meaning given to it in section 7.1;
"Closing Time" means the relevant check-in, bag drop or gate closing time for your
flight, as shown in your Booking Confirmation and on our Help page;
"Companion" means a Passenger of at least 16 years of age who in the event of an
emergency is physically able to assist a Passenger who requires special assistance;
"Convention" means whichever of the following instruments are applicable:
a) the Warsaw Convention 1929;
b) the Warsaw Convention as amended at The Hague on 28 September 1955;
c) the Warsaw Convention as amended at The Hague and by Additional Protocol No.4 of Montreal (1975);
and
d) the Montreal Convention (1999),
as supplemented by the Guadalajara Convention (1961) where applicable;
"Crew" means our cabin and/or flight crew who operate our flights;
"Customer Services Desk" means a customer services desk run by or on behalf of
easyJet at an airport;
"Customer Services Team" means easyJet's customer services phone and web team, the
details of which are set on our Contact Us page;
"Government Tax" means Air Passenger Duty in the United Kingdom and/or equivalent
passenger tax levied by government in certain jurisdictions which we are obliged to pay in respect
of your flight, as listed in Fees and Charges;
"Ground Crew" means a member of ground and/or airport staff or an agent acting on
our behalf;
"Hold Baggage" means Baggage of which we take custody for stowage in the aircraft
hold and for which we have issued a Baggage Receipt;
"Infant" has the meaning given to it in section 7.1;
"Passenger(s)" means any person or persons on a Booking carried or to be carried on
an easyJet flight (other than members of Crew);
"Regulation EU261" means Regulation (EC) No 261/2004 of 11 February 2004
establishing common rules on compensation and assistance to passengers in the event of denied
boarding and of cancellation or long delay of flights;
"Special Drawing Rights " means an international monetary unit of account fixed by
the International Monetary Fund; and
"Website " means easyjet.com or other website which is part of easyJet.com and
operated by or for easyJet where Bookings can be made.