https://www.flamingoland.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Flamingo Land Resort is now open for 'Winter at Flamingo Land' subject to some restrictions. Find out more
Terms & Conditions
Flamingo Land Accommodation Offer
15% Discount applies to weekend arrivals for two/three nights on a Friday and arrivals for two nights on a Saturday
25% discount applies to full weeks
30% discount applies to midweek breaks
Discounts do not apply to any holiday dates to any holiday starting 28th March to 18th April, 23rd May to 30th May, 27th June to 5th September and 10th October to 31st October.
Bookings must be made before the 29th feb 2020
Payment in full at time of booking
Tent, Touring Caravan and Motorhome Holiday Offer
20% Discount applies to any holiday taken from 28th March to 26th June 2020 & 6th September -1st November 2020.
10% Discount applies from the 27th June – 5th September 2020.
Bookings must be made before the 29th feb 2020
Payment in full at time of booking
Discount can be used in conjunction with our 2 night low season offer, but not any other offer.
Discount applies to our high season pitch price. Discount does not apply to admission charges, serviced pitch charge, awnings, pup tents, gazebos, extra vehicle charges and charges for dogs.
Half Price Family Ticket Offer
Promotion valid as shown on your printed voucher. Vouchers presented after the expiry date will not be accepted.
Vouchers shown on smartphones or other electronic devices will not be accepted.
On arrival please go to Customer Information (to the left of the pay booths and general queue line). Please present your printed voucher showing your unique voucher code on arrival. Vouchers with the same unique reference number will not be accepted.
Not to be used in conjunction with any other concession rate, offer, promotion or on-line purchase.
Not valid for entry to Flamingo Land Holiday Village.
Damaged, photocopied or defaced vouchers will not be accepted.
Children aged three years and under are admitted free of charge.
Entry to Flamingo Land subject to Terms of Admission. Height, age, size and medical restrictions apply on certain rides and attractions.
Please check our website for opening and closing times.
Monthly Receipt Survey Prize Draw Terms and Conditions
The prize draw is open to all UK residents aged 18 years or over, except employees of the Promoter, their families, agents or any third party directly associated with administration of the prize draw.
Upon purchase of food or beverage at from one of Flamingo Land LTDs bars, cafes or restaurants  you will be provided with a unique code which allows access to a feedback survey at www.flamingoland.co.uk. Upon completion of this survey you will automatically be entered into this Monthly prize draw.
All entries must be submitted to www.flamingoland.co.uk and only one entry is permitted per unique receipt code.
The opening date for entries is 00:00:00 on the first day of the month. The closing date of the prize draw is 23:59:59 on the last date of the month.
[The Promoter accepts no responsibility for entries not successfully completed due to a technical fault [technical malfunction, computer hardware or software failure, satellite, network or server failure] of any kind OR If for any reason a technical interruption, fault or site failure occurs when purchasing online, the Promoter does not take any responsibility for incomplete purchases and any incomplete purchases will not be considered valid for entry into the prize draw. The Promoter accepts no responsibility for any purchases which are not completed for any reason.]
A winner will be chosen by random draw [performed by a computer process OR supervised by an independent person] on the first day of the following month (“Draw Date”).
The winner will receive one family ticket for entry to Flamingo Land Resort (2 adults & 2 children or 1 adult & 3 children) valid during the current season or season following the competition entry. The winner will also receive a Flamingo Land Fun Card preloaded with £50 bonus credit for use in our Arcades (subject to our fun card terms and conditions available at www.flamingoland.co.uk/funcard)
The winner will be notified by email (using details provided at entry) before the seventh day of the month of entry and must provide a postal address to claim their prize. If a winner does not respond to the Promoter within fourteen days of being notified by the Promoter, then the winner’s prize will be forfeited and the Promoter will be entitled to select another winner in accordance with the process described above.
The prize will be sent to the winner by registered post within seven days of being notified of their win.
The prize for the winner is non-exchangeable, non-transferable and no cash alternative is offered.
[The prize is supplied by Flamingo Land LTD (the “Supplier”)]. The Promoter reserves the right to replace the prize with an alternative prize of equal or higher value if circumstances beyond the Promoter’s control makes it necessary to do so].
The decision of the Promoter regarding any aspect of the prize draw is final and binding and no correspondence will be entered into about it.
The Promoter must either publish or make available information that indicates that a valid award took place. To comply with this obligation the Promoter will send the surname and county of major prize winners and, if applicable copies of their winning entries, to anyone who emails legal@flamingoland.co.uk or writes to Legal, Flamingo Land LTD, The Rectory, Kirby Misperton YO17 6UX (enclosing a self-addressed envelope) within [one] month after the closing date stated in condition 4. If you object to any or all of your surname, county and winning entry being published or made available, please contact the Promoter Legal, Flamingo Land LTD, The Rectory, Kirby Misperton YO17 6UX. In such circumstances, the Promoter must still provide the information and winning entry to the Advertising Standards Authority on request.
Participants are deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by these terms and conditions upon entry. The Promoter reserves the right to refuse entry, or refuse to award the prize to anyone in breach of these terms and conditions.
The Promoter reserves the right to hold void, cancel, suspend, or amend the promotion where it becomes necessary to do so.
[Insofar as is permitted by law, the Promoter, its agents or distributors will not in any circumstances be responsible or liable to compensate the winner or accept any liability for any loss, damage, personal injury or death occurring as a result of taking up the prize except where it is caused by the negligence of the Promoter, its agents or distributors or that of their employees. Your statutory rights are not affected.]
Personal data supplied during the course of this promotion will only be processed as set out in the Promoter’s www.flamingoland.co.uk/funcard. See also condition 13 with regard to the announcement of winners.
The prize draw will be governed by English law and entrants to the prize draw submit to the jurisdiction of the English courts.
The Promoter of this prize draw is Flamingo Land LTD of The Rectory, Kirby Misperton, North Yorkshire YO17 6UX.
Annual Pass Terms and Conditions
Annual Passes are valid for 365 days from the date of purchase.
Annual Passes are not valid in conjunction with stays at Flamingo Land’s Holiday Village.
Annual Passes cannot be used in conjunction with stays at local Holiday Parks.
Annual Passes are for the person named on the pass only. Passholders cannot transfer their pass to another person and must not permit another person to use their Annual Pass.
A valid pass must be presented on every visit. If the passholder does not have their pass they will be required to pay the standard entry fee.
Lost, misplaced or stolen passes can be reprinted at a cost of £10.00 per pass.
Admission to Flamingo Land Resort is subject to our terms of admission, available to view at www.flamingoland.co.uk.
The passholder is entitled to a 20% discount on food purchases (excludes hot, cold or alcoholic beverages) in the following locations subject to availability and opening hours.
The Coach House
Mansion House
Metropolis Bar and Grill
Upper Deck
Fabrizio’s
The Diner
This discount cannot be used in conjunction with other special offers or promotions.
Passes remain the property of Flamingo Land Limited and can be retained or cancelled at any time if Flamingo Land reasonably believes the pass is being used in contravention of these terms.
Retained or cancelled passes are non-refundable or transferable.
The passholder is responsible for the correct use of each pass, misuse may lead to the pass being retained or cancelled.
Passes are valid for day admission to the Theme Park and Zoo and include entry to our Party In The Park and fireworks events. Passes are not valid for entry to additional ‘paid/ticketed eventsand activities’ including but not limited to animal encounters, keeper for the day, stalk in the park, lantern festival and Christmas activities.
Flamingo Land reserves the right to exclude additional activities from the annual pass throughout the year.
Passholder rights and benefits shall cease on death but no refund shall be made.
Please also see our Annual/Winter Pass COVID-19 Addendum and Annual/Winter Passes Rights to cancel below.
Winter Pass Terms and Conditions
Our ‘Winter Pass’ grants the named holder admission to Flamingo Land Resort’s Zoo and Muddy Duck Farm area during our standard winter opening dates up to and including the card expiry date shown.
Access to special ticketed events is not included including but not limited to animal encounters, keeper for the day, stalk in the park, lantern festival and Christmas activities.
The pass is not valid for entry to our Holiday Village or The Splash Zone. Winter passes remain the property of Flamingo Land Ltd and can be retained or cancelled without reason.
Winter Passes are for the person named on the pass only. Passholders cannot transfer their pass to another person and must not permit another person to use their Annual Pass.
A valid pass must be presented on every visit. If the passholder does not have their pass they will be required to pay the standard entry fee.
Passes remain the property of Flamingo Land Limited and can be retained or cancelled at any time if Flamingo Land reasonably believes the pass is being used in contravention of these terms.
Retained or cancelled passes are non-refundable or transferable.
The passholder is responsible for the correct use of each pass, misuse may lead to the pass being retained or cancelled.
Replacement passes will be charged at £10.00 each per pass.
Admission to Flamingo Land is subject to our terms of admission, available to view at www.flamingoland.co.uk.
Passholder rights and benefits shall cease on death but no refund shall be made.
Please also see our Annual/Winter Pass COVID-19 Addendum and Annual/Winter Passes Rights to cancel below.
Annual/Winter Passes (COVID-19 Addendum)
During the COVID-19 pandemic there may be occasions when Flamingo Land is required to close to protect the public and our staff.  Closure may be required due to local or national restrictions and may occur on short notice.  We strongly recommend checking our website for the latest information before planning a visit to Flamingo Land.
In the event that Flamingo Land is closed for a period of time due to COVID restrictions, passholders will be offered either:
Upon renewal of a pass a discount to the price for the new pass shall be applied. The discount will be calculated as follows: A ÷ B x C
Whereas:
A = the cost of the pass purchased by the passholder;
B = the duration of the pass (being 365 days for an annual pass and the period from the date of issue to the card expiry date for a winter pass);
C = the number of days during the term of the pass that Flamingo Land was closed due to COVID-19 restrictions.
If a pass is not renewed, Flamingo Land will extend the existing pass by re-validating it for the number of days that it could not be used. [For annual passes such re-validation shall be split into the number of days during summer opening and the number of days during winter opening that the pass could not be used].
Annual/Winter Passes Rights to cancel
As a consumer, the passholder has a legal right to cancel the contract for the annual pass (and receive a refund of the charges paid) within 14 days if the passholder changes their mind or decides for any other reason that they do not want to continue.
The passholder’s right to cancel the contract starts from the date on which Flamingo Land confirm that the pass has been issued or renewed, which is when the contract between Flamingo Land and the passholder is formed. The deadline for cancelling the contract is 14 days after the day on which this contract was formed. To cancel a contract in this way, the passholder must let Flamingo Land know that they have decided to cancel.  See below for Flamingo Land’s contact details.
If you cancel the contract in accordance with the paragraph above Flamingo Land will:
(a) refund the price the passholder paid for the pass. Please note Flamingo Land are permitted by law to reduce the refund to reflect the period of time (if any) that the pass was valid up to the date on which Flamingo Land were notified of your decision to cancel the contract; and
(b) make any refunds due to you as soon as possible.
On cancellation the passholder must return their pass to Flamingo Land and the passholder will no longer be entitled to receive the benefits of being a passholder.
After the 14 day period has passed the passholder may not cancel their pass.
To contact Flamingo Land please email customerservices@flamingoland.co.uk, telephone 0800 40 888 40 or write to ‘Admissions Department’, Flamingo Land, Kirby Misperton, North Yorkshire, YO17 6UX.
Annual/Winter Passes Data Protection and Use of Personal Data
When an individual applies for a pass (and throughout the duration of the term of the pass) it will be necessary for Flamingo Land to obtain certain information from the passholder (such as their name, address and date of birth). Flamingo Land will treat this as personal data for the purposes of data protection law. Flamingo Land will collect, hold and process such personal data in accordance with its Privacy Policy.
Black Friday 2020 – Annual Pass Additional Terms
Passes purchased during our Black Friday Sale (between 27th and 29th November 2020) are valid for 365 days from the date of first use or 1st January 2021 whichever is the earliest.
Sign-up!
Don't miss out on our latest news, exclusive offers & special events. Subscribe today!
I consent to Flamingo Land sending me marketing information by email. More info
By ticking the 'I consent..' box, you consent to Flamingo Land sending you marketing information by email. Please see the privacy policy for more information on how we hold and use personal data and your rights as a data subject. You can withdraw this consent at any time by emailing legal@flamingoland.co.uk
Share:
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn More. Got it!