http://www.portsmouthharbor.com/contact/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
The M/V HERITAGE is a United States Coast Guard (USCG) inspected vessel, and holds a mandatory NH State Liquor License. Therefore, Portsmouth Harbor Cruises (PHC) abides by all rules, regulations, and laws as required by the USCG, Homeland Security, and the NH Liquor Commission. Per state law, any alcohol consumed onboard must be purchased from our bar, and there is zero tolerance for illegal substances. Large bags and coolers are not permitted on the vessel, and all persons and their possessions are subject to search. Individuals found with illegal substances will be reported to the local authorities. Smoking or vaping is not allowed on board the vessel, nor is it allowed in the passenger waiting area. We thank you for respecting these policies so that we may provide a safe and enjoyable cruise for all. As a passenger, you understand that pictures taken may be used for promotional purposes.
General information and Parking:
Please plan to arrive at least 30 minutes prior to departure. Our cruises are often sold out, so please plan your travel time accordingly and leave ample time to reach our dock, as the Heritage will depart promptly at the designated departure time. Please call if you think you might not arrive in time. We will do our best to place you on another trip if space is available, however no refund will be issued if that is not possible. If, 10 minutes prior to departure, you have not checked in or called us, your reservation will be cancelled with no refund.
We do not have parking at our dock, however you may drop off passengers here prior to parking. The Hanover Street Municipal Parking Garage ($1.50/hour) is one block and a short walk away. Two blocks to the west of the Hanover Street Garage is the new Foundry Place Municipal Garage ($1.00/hour).  On street metered parking may also be available nearby. Please be aware that many metered spaces have a 2 hour maximum. Upon arrival, please check in at the ticket booth to pick up your tickets. All passengers, including non-paying infants, must present a valid ticket for that particular cruise and time while boarding.
Inclement Weather and Cancellations:
On occasion, we may experience limited visibility for a portion of a cruise. In such cases, we do our best to view as much as possible while maintaining safety, and no refund or credit will be issued except as noted below.
Occasionally, a cruise may be cancelled due to heavy fog, extreme weather or some other unforeseen circumstance. In the unlikely event that a cruise is cancelled by PHC, the customer will have the option of booking passage on another trip or be entitled to a full refund.
PHC will do everything possible to notify you, the purchaser, that a cruise has been cancelled as soon as possible. Please provide relevant contact information when making your reservation.
Schedule Changes:
Occasionally, sea conditions prevent us from offering a safe and comfortable cruise to the Isles of Shoals, and the trip would be changed to a Harbor Cruise. This determination is made by the captain, and often only an hour or so prior to the scheduled departure time. If you would like to join us on a Harbor Cruise, we will refund the price difference between the two trips. Otherwise, you are welcome to reschedule to an Isles of Shoals cruise for another day, or request a full refund.
In the event that the departure time for a cruise is changed after the purchase of your tickets, PHC will do everything possible to contact you in a timely manner. If you can no longer attend the cruise at the new time, PHC will issue a full refund.
Season Passes, Gift Certificates and Gift Cards:
Season passes are non-transferable, non-refundable once used, and are valid only for the year purchased.
Gift certificates and gift cards are non-refundable, but are transferable. Gift certificates and gift cards are valid only for goods and services provided by PHC and never expire, except those promotionally donated by PHC. Any unused balance on a gift certificate or gift card will not be refunded, but can be used for the purchase of future goods or services.
Refunds:
You may cancel your reservation up to 48 hours prior to departure for a full refund. Reservations cancelled less than 48 hours prior to departure will not be refunded, except as noted above. Your reservation is valid only for the date and departure time indicated on your reservation confirmation. Should your plans change, you may reschedule ONLY by contacting PHC no later than 48 hours prior to the departure time of the cruise originally purchased. Our cruises are often sold out, so please plan your travel time accordingly and leave ample time to reach our dock, as the Heritage will depart promptly at the designated departure time. Please call if you think you might not arrive in time. We will do our best to place you on another trip if space is available, however no refund will be issued if that is not possible. Unless prior approval has been granted by PHC, reserved passengers who fail to board the vessel prior to departure will not receive a refund, nor be entitled to use their ticket for a future cruise.
How To Contact Us:
By mail:
Portsmouth Harbor Cruises
64 Ceres St.
Portsmouth, NH 03801
By email:     info@portsmouthharbor.com
By phone:    (603) 436-8084 or (800) 776-0915
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Our Commitment to Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Portsmouth Harbor Cruises website, primarily those pages where you order tickets. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name, Address, Phone Number, Email Address and Credit Card Information.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete the transaction.
We use your email address for any correspondence pertaining to the transaction and for periodic mailings. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. Should you wish not to receive our mailings, simply choose the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the mailing.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security:
Your online payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions.
Since 1982, the charm and character of the Heritage and our unique style have made us a local favorite. Find out why people come back again and again.
Join our Mailing List Sign Up NowFor Email Marketing you can trust.
Reservations strongly suggested.
Children 2 and under ride free.
Schedule and prices subject to change.
Latest News
We are now closed for the season and hope to re-open Mother’s Day Weekend 2021. Thanks to all for cruising with us this year.  We truly appreciate your business during these strangest of times. Stay safe and healthy and we … read more
Home
Charters
Cruises
Reviews
Dry Goods
Links
Contact
Terms and Conditions
COVID-19 Information
Follow UsFacebookRSS Feed
© 2020
Portsmouth Harbor Cruises
Hosted/Developed By
Random Orbits
| 			Powered By
WordPress
| 			Voyage Theme
TOP