http://www.travelation.com/pages/cookiepolicy.aspx
callCallFree
MY RESERVATION
CONTACT US
SALE ALERT
ABOUT US
FLIGHTS
HOTELS
CARS
GROUPS
English
English
Spanish (Español)
USD
USD - United States Dollar
GBP - United Kingdom Pounds
THB - Thailand Baht
AED - United Arab Emirates Dirhams
ARS - Argentina Pesos
AUD - Australia Dollars
BOB - Bolivia Bolivianos
BRL - Brazil Reais
CAD - Canada Dollars
CHF - Switzerland Francs
CLP - Chile Pesos
CNY - China Yuan Renminbi
COP - Colombia Pesos
CZK - Czech Republic Koruny
DKK - Denmark Kroner
EGP - Egypt Pounds
EUR - Euro
HKD - Hong Kong Dollars
HUF - Hungary Forint
IDR - Indonesia Rupiahs
ILS - Israel New Shekels
INR - India Rupees
IQD - Iraq Dinars
JPY - Japan Yen
KES - Kenya Shillings
KRW - South Korea Won
KWD - Kuwait Dinars
MYR - Malaysia Ringgits
NOK - Norway Kroner
NZD - New Zealand Dollars
OMR - Oman Rials
PEN - Peru Nuevos Soles
PHP - Philippines Pesos
PKR - Pakistan Rupees
PLN - Poland Zlotych
QAR - Qatar Riyals
RUB - Russia Rubles
SAR - Saudi Arabia Riyals
SEK - Sweden Kronor
SGD - Singapore Dollars
TRY - Turkey Lira
TWD - Taiwan New Dollars
UYU - Uruguay Pesos
VND - Vietnam Dong
ZAR - South Africa Rand
+1 858-256-7200
Call Now for Unpublished Lower Fares
MY RESERVATION
CONTACT US
ABOUT US
×
Trustpilot
Call now to get unpulished fares from our professional travel experts.
×
Trustpilot
Call now to get unpulished fares from our professional travel experts.
Cookie Policy
We want to ensure your visit to our site reflects all your needs and presents information as useful and relevant to you as possible.
To help us do this, we use cookies and similar common tracking tools (together referred to as "cookies" in this policy).
By continuing to use the site, you consent to our use of cookies. However, you can change your cookie settings and choose whether
or not to accept them. This page will tell you what you need to know about cookies, as well as teach you how you to manage them on your computer.
What is a cookie?
In short, a cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer or mobile device by your internet browser. They are used by many websites
and do not normally identify you personally. The cookie allows the website to remember your actions or preferences over time. Most browsers support
cookies, but you can change your browser to decline them and you can delete them any time you like.
Why do we use cookies?
Cookies allow us to improve the website's content, functionality, speed and usability. Their tracking ability also helps us understand your
preferences, so you do not need to provide the same information every time you visit or multiple times during a visit.
How do we use cookies?
This website uses different kinds of cookies:
Technical Cookies. They are essential for the website to work properly.
Functional Cookies. They are needed to provide the services requested by users on the website.
Analytical Cookies. They allow us to see how visitors use the website and to record which content they view and are interested in. This helps us
to improve the service we offer by making sure our users are finding what they are looking for.
Social Cookies. They allow us to provide functionalities relating to social networks (Facebook, Google and Twitter).
Affiliated Cookies. They allow us to track visits from our affiliated websites.
Advertising Cookies. They collect information about your preferences and choices on the site. They target advertising networks, which use them to
show you customized advertising on other websites.
How to control cookies?
You can control and/or delete cookies anytime you choose. For details, see www.aboutcookies.org. Cookie preferences need to be set for
each browser (Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox or Safari). You usually have several ways of managing cookies, such as
enabling or disabling cookies entirely, deleting some cookies that are already stored within the browser, blocking certain websites
from storing any cookies on your computer, or blocking third party cookies (cookies stored on your computer by another website). If you
do this, some parts of the website may not work.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding use of cookies or other technologies, send us an email at privacy@travelation.com.
Additional Links:
keyboard_arrow_rightLow Price Guarantee
keyboard_arrow_rightTerms of Use
keyboard_arrow_rightPurchase Terms and Conditions
keyboard_arrow_rightTaxes & Fees
keyboard_arrow_rightPrivacy Policy
keyboard_arrow_rightCookie Policy
keyboard_arrow_rightAbout Us
keyboard_arrow_rightContact Us
* The coupon offer is on our agency service fees only. This discount may vary based on the agency service fees charged for a particular ticket, and the value of discount will be up to the amount of the agency service fees charged for a transaction unless otherwise noted. You must use the coupon code at checkout to redeem this offer. This offer is time sensitive and may be revised or discontinued without notice. Prices are quoted in US Dollars. Fares quoted are valid for round trip airfare, including taxes and fees. Prices advertised are valid at the time of being published and change frequently without notice.
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
SITEMAP
FAQS
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE POLICY
TERMS OF USE
GROUP TRAVEL
+1 858-256-7200
©
TRAVELATION.COM All rights reserved.
California State Registered Seller of Travel, CST# 2103435-70. Registration as a seller of travel in California does not constitute the state's approval. Travelation guards your privacy and security. We're certified by GeoTrust.
Phone Only Flight Deals
Get a Quote: UNDER 1 MINUTE
CALL +1 858-256-7200