https://www.pyb.co.uk/privacy-policy/
G
E
T
T
I
N
G
R
E
A
D
Y
T
O
E
M
B
A
R
K
Find your next course
Climb
Hike
Paddle
Bike
Winter Hill & Mountain
Hire an Instructor
Gift Vouchers
First Aid & Rescue
Events & News
Events
News
About Us
A National Centre
Our Team
Facilities
Bar & dining room
Partners & Sponsors
Careers
Accommodation
Resources
Blog
FAQs
Kit Hire
Weather
Funding support
Be a Mock Student
Get in Touch
Become an Outdoor Instructor
With Fast Track Adventure Pro
Get social  with us
Privacy Policy
How we use and protect your information.
Scroll
How we use and protect your information
The Mountain Training Trust (who manage Plas y Brenin on behalf of Sport England) has produced this privacy statement to explain how and why we collect your data, how it is stored and protected, and what rights you have relating to it.
We may communicate with you under the banner of either Plas y Brenin or the Mountain Training Trust depending on the nature of communication.
You have certain legal rights to control what we do with your information. This includes the right to get access to your personal information, to request us to correct or update information, to object to or request that we restrict processing your information in certain circumstances and to object to direct marketing.
The Mountain Training Trust may change this policy occasionally by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 7 November 2019.
HOW INFORMATION IS COLLECTED:
COURSE BOOKINGS
At the point of booking a course or activity we request that you register for a Plas y Brenin account. All of the information we collect during the registration process is relevant to the processing of your booking and to enable us to communicate with you regarding the details of your booking. Once you have set up your account you can control your personal information and communication preferences. We would ask that you keep this up to date so we can continue to provide you with the best service. All customers who register for an account can opt in for updates on what is happening at Plas y Brenin and the Mountain Training Trust, and may opt-out at any time by changing their communication preferences on the ‘My Details’ page of their account. All details are stored on a non-public, secure database on our web server (computer), which is based in the UK.
By booking a course with us you must agree to our Terms and Conditions, which give us permission to share information about you relating to the course that you have booked with our course directors and staff. This is to ensure we provide you with the best customer experience.
ELECTRONIC MAILING LIST
Information collected for our electronic mailing list is provided by you either at the time of booking a course, or by letting us know that you would like to be included on our mailing list in person or by completing the newsletter registration form on our website.
You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ button in any such email, or by contacting us directly.
FUNDRAISING
Information about our supporters is provided by you at the time of making a donation, becoming a fundraising volunteer, or by registering your interest in being kept up to date with information about fundraising for the Mountain Training Trust.
HOW WE USE YOUR DATA:
We use your data to ensure that we communicate with you in the most effective and appropriate way. This helps us to organise courses, events and activities that are most suited to your needs, and to let you know about our fundraising priorities in accordance to what we believe may interest you the most. Being able to streamline our communications in this way is more cost-effective for us and helps us to ensure that we provide the best possible experience for you.
We are also required to conduct due diligence before seeking or accepting major donations to the Mountain Training Trust, including reviewing publically available information relating to prospective donors.
The personal data we hold will vary depending on our specific relationship with you, and may include:
• Biographical information including your name, gender and date of birth.
• Contact details (which we will update when notified)
• Professional activity and employment.
• Interests and extra-curricular activities
• Attendance at relevant events.
• Volunteering and mentoring activity.
• Donation history and wealth assessment information.
• Record of your communication preferences.
• Personal data provided by you for a specific purpose (e.g. disability or dietary preferences for event management purposes).
We may get in touch to let you know about relevant news, events, activities or opportunities to support us that we think may be of interest to you. This is in line with our legitimate interests as a charity. Broadly speaking, this means that we can process your data if we have genuine and legitimate reason to do so, as long as this does not harm any of your rights as an individual. You can opt-out of being contacted by us at any point by clicking on “unsubscribe” within the email or contacting us using the details at the end of this policy.
The majority of data held by us is provided by you, either via our website, over the telephone or in person. We may, from time to time, make use of other sources to enhance the quality of the data we hold in terms of geographical and occupational information where publically available. We do this so that we can get to know you better and to allow us to make sure any requests for support are appropriate. This may, depending on your privacy settings and the level of interaction that you have with us on social media, include sites such as LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, Companies House and the Charity Commission.
Your privacy is extremely important to us, and we take our responsibility surrounding the security of your data very seriously. For the most part, your data will remain within our organisation and will be processed by appropriate individuals only.
Occasionally we may need to share your information with third parties, such as relevant authorities (e.g. when we claim Gift Aid from HMRC on donations made to the Mountain Training Trust) or with a mailing house when sending bulk communications through the post or email (e.g. by using MailChimp to send our electronic newsletter). We regularly monitor the suppliers that we use and ensure that they comply with GDPR regulations and the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework.
We do not sell your personal data to any third parties under any circumstances.
LINKS
Occasionally, the Plas y Brenin website may feature links to other, external websites. Plas y Brenin is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
WEBSITE STATISTICS
Visitor IP addresses are logged as part of the daily website statistic gathering. This is a common occurrence on the majority of websites. It is used only for the accurate reporting of statistics.
COMPLAINTS
If you wish to raise a complaint about how we have handled your personal information, you can contact our Data Protection Officer on 01690 720214.
We hope that we will be able to address any concerns you may have, however, if you are not satisfied with our response you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO). Further details can be found at www.ico.org.uk.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled