http://www.tourist-information-uk.com/pages/privacy/
Privacy Policy - Tourist Information UK
Tourist Information UK
Home Page
UK Tourist Attractions
Amusement & Theme Parks
Castles, Palaces & Stately Homes
Zoos, Parks, Gardens & Safari Parks
Museums & Galleries
Churches, Cathedrals & Abbeys
Landmarks & Historic Sites
Other Attractions
Accommodation
Hotels
Bed & Breakfast
Youth Hostels
Self Catering
Caravans and Camping
Travel
Flights & Airports
UK Car Hire
Taxis
Trains
Buses
Ships & Ferries
Tourist Information & Advice
UK Money
UK Weather
Driving in the UK
Eating and Drinking
Public Holidays
Telephones & Mobile Phones
Emergency Services
UK Maps
UK Guide Books
DVD Videos
UK Tourist Information Centres
Privacy Policy
Tourist Information UK is committed to protecting your privacy when you use our website. In this policy we explain how and why we collect your information, what we do with it and what controls you have over our use of it.
From time to time, we add or change functions, features or products to our Web Sites or add or change Services. This, and our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal information, may result in periodic changes to this Privacy Policy. As a result, please remember to refer back to this Privacy Policy regularly to review any amendments.
Your acceptance of these Privacy Statement terms
By using the website you unconditionally agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
What data do Tourist Information UK collect and how do we use it?
We collect and process information about your visit in order to:
identify you each time you visit a Web Site or wish to have a Service provided;
process orders or applications submitted by you;
improve our Services and Web Sites;
Customise your experience, for example, provide advertisements that we think are relevant to you and which support any specific requests for information you may make through keyword searches;
carry out research on the demographics, interests and behaviour of all of our customers; and
send you information we think you may find useful, including information about new company name products and services.
You may be asked, either when you register with us, or at other times, for information about yourself, such as your name, e-mail address, postal address and telephone number. You may also be asked to share with us your interests, hobbies and preferences. In addition, when you order certain goods or services from our Web Sites, we will need to know your credit/payment card number and expiration date.
You are under no obligation to provide this information, but if you don’t then we may not be able to provide you with certain services or personalise your experience and tailor our Services for you.
Log files/IP addresses
When you visit our Web Sites, we automatically log your IP address (the unique address which identifies your computer on the internet) which is automatically recognised by our web server. We use IP addresses to help us administer our Web Sites and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information.
Non personal information
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the site from which you linked to our Web Sites. You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on our Web Sites. We may from time to time supply the owners or operators of third party sites from which it is possible to link to our Web Sites with information relating to the number of users linking to our Web Sites from their sites. You cannot be identified from this information.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a Web Site transfers to your hard drive to store and sometimes track information about you. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a Web Site if you do so. Cookies are specific to the server that created them and cannot be accessed by other servers, which means they cannot be used to track your movements around the web. Although they do identify a user’s computer, cookies do not personally identify customers or passwords. Credit card information is not stored in cookies.
We use cookies for the following reasons:
To identify who you are and to access your account information;
To estimate our audience size and patterns;
To ensure that you are not asked to register twice;
To control how often visitors see similar ads;
To track preferences and to improve and update our Web Site; and
To track the progress and number of entries in some of our promotions and contests.
With whom is the information shared?
We will not share, sell or rent your personal information to third parties. However, we may disclose your personal information to third party suppliers who provide services on our behalf.
We may disclose aggregate statistics about our sales, our Web Site visitors and customers of our telephone services in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will not include personally identifying information.
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is necessary.
Our Web Site contains links to the sites of third parties. When you visit these sites, we suggest that you read their privacy policies. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
We will only sell or rent your personal information to a third party either as part of a sale of the assets of a company name company or having ensured that steps have been taken to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
Home
|
UK Tourist Attractions
|
Attractions A-Z
|
Feedback
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Add Attraction
|
Advertising
© Copyright 2020 Tourist Information UK - Your guide to Great Britain, England, Scotland, Wales and London