http://www.gnrhs.org/privacy.php
Main Menu
Home
The GNRHS
Welcome to the Great Northern Railway Historical Society!
The GNRHS is dedicated to the preservation, study, and history of one of America's greatest railroads, the Great Northern Railway.To Society Members, we offer carefully-researched Reference Sheets, a quarterly GN Goat publication, an annual calendar, discounts on model kits, books, CD's and other items, and an annual convention to discover all that is the Great Northern Railway.Our extensive GN archives are available for study of the Great Northern Railway.Read more...
The GNRHS owns GN SD45 #400 'Hustle Muscle'. It's kept in operating condition and sees occasional use at events and conventions.Read more...
Organization
About
Articles & Bylaws and      Operating Manual
GNRHS Staff
GNRHS Committees
Board Minutes
Awards
Hustle Muscle
Frequent Questions (FAQ)
Membership
Benefits
Join/Renew Online
Join/Renew via Mail
GN/BN Veterans
Sponsor a Member!
Donations
Volunteer!
Heritage Fund
About
Donate
Past Recipients
How to Apply
Media
Facebook
YouTube
News
All
GNRHS News
Archives News
Events
Calendar
Publications
GNRHS Goat Package - Our quarterly publication
Each quarter GNRHS members receive the 'Goat' package. It includes the GN Goat Magazine, a varying number of Reference Sheets and the Modelers' Pages. Next year's calendar is included in the September package.Read more...
Goat Magazine
Society news and short stories about the Great Northern and its people.
Read more...
See a sample issue
Reference Sheets
In depth information about varying subjects on the Great Northern.
Read more...
See a sample issue
Modelers' Pages
Articles, layout reports, news and tips on modeling the Great Northern.
Read more...
See a sample issue
Calendar
The yearly GNRHS calendar is filled with great pictures and facts on the GN.
Read more...
Available calendars:
2020 Calendar
More info
GN Exchange
List of Ref. Sheets
Ref. Sheet Index
Topical Index
Upcoming Titles
Order Back Issues
Contribute
Create a Ref. Sheet
Contribute to the Goat
Contribute to the
Modelers' Pages
Contribute to the
Calendar
Help an Author
Goat Staff
Latest Goat
September 2020 issue
GNRHS Goat 184
Reference Sheet 421: Priest River to Albeni Falls, ID
Modelers' Pages MP92
Feature: GN Becomes Burlington Northern, Part 2
Feature: Pennsylvania RR Cars on the Empire Builder
Research
Research and Archives
For researchers the GNRHS Archives have historic documents and photos available on a wide range of subjects covering the Great Northern.A large part of the information is accesible via the joint GN-NP Archives website, but researchers can also visit the Archives or ask our Archives staff to search for materials.Read more...
GNRHS Archives
St. Paul, MN Archives
Burien, WA
Archives
Online Access
Collections
Brochure
Donations
Archives Policy
Archives News
Contact
Other Resources
Other GN Resources
Genealogy
Collectibles
Donations
GN Discussion
Links
Empire Builder font
The Great Northern
History
James J. Hill
Louis W. Hill
Empire Builder
Locomotive Rosters
GN logos
Paint Schemes
GN Articles
Long's Siding Depot
A GN Dozer in Texas
Hustle Muscle Repainting
GN H-5 4-6-2 #1355
Empire Builder 75th Anniversary
Conventions
GNRHS conventions
Members look forward to the GNRHS convention held each year in a city along the former route of the Great Northern Railway.
Convention locations alternate between GN's Lines East and Lines West.Read more...
2020 Nelson Convention
POSTPONED to 2022
In 2021 our convention will be in Willmar, MN.
Convention Info
Future Conventions
2020 Nelson, BC - Sept. 19-23
2021 Willmar - Sept. 18-22
Past Conventions
2019 Fargo
2018 Bellingham
2017 Sioux Falls
2016 Spokane
2015 Twin Cities
2014 Helena
2013 Chicago-Naperville
2012 Klamath Falls
2011 Saint Cloud
2010 Glacier Park
2009 Duluth
2008 Wenatchee
2007 Minot
More...
Modeling
Great Northern Modeling
Many GN fans are also modelers of the Great Northern Railway. A great modeling resource are our Modelers' Pages, with the Goat and our Archives offering a great information source for researching modeling projects.Read more...
GNRHS Modelers' Pages
See a sample issue
Included in the quarterly Goat package is the Modelers' Pages. Geared towards the Great Northern modeler it contains modeling articles, tips, new GN product announcements and a questions and answers section.
Read more...
GN Models
GNRHS Models
Retired GNRHS Models
GN Brass
Links
Layouts
Clubs
Manufacturers
Membership
GNRHS Membership
GNRHS Members enjoy many benefits like our quarterly Goat publication, our yearly convention, research materials, GN modeling information and discounts in the GNRHS Store.All great reasons to Join the GNRHS!
Read more...
Membership
Benefits
Join/Renew Online
Join/Renew via Mail
GN/BN Veterans
Sponsor a Member!
Donations
Volunteer!
Administration
Address Change
Frequent Questions (FAQ)
Contact
Donations
Heritage Fund
Hustle Muscle Fund
General Fund
Store
Company Store
Find great GN items in the GNRHS Company Store! Model kits, Goat Back Issues and Reference Sheets, Apparel, Stickers and more! Discounts available for members!
Take me to the store!
What's New!
HO Scale Canton Hopper Cars
Featured Item
Fergus Falls MN Tool House
Quick Links
Catalog
Shopping Cart
My Account
Hustle Muscle
Great Northern SD45 #400 'Hustle Muscle'
The GNRHS owns GN SD45 #400 'Hustle Muscle'. It's being kept in operating condition and sees occasional use at events and conventions.Read more...
Quick Links
History
Diagram
Locomotive Data
Hustle Muscle In Action
Hustle Muscle Repainting
Go see Hustle Muscle
Volunteer
Contact
Contact us
Answers to the most common questions can be found in our Frequently Asked Questions section:
F.A.Q.
Research Questions
Genealogy Questions
Membership Questions
Company Store Questions
If you cannot find your answer in our F.A.Q., please contact our staff using the contact form. We're here to help.
Contact form
Meet the Staff
GNRHS Staff
GNRHS Committees
Find us on
Facebook
YouTube
Great Northern Railway Historical Society
JoinRenewDonate
Follow us:
Search GNRHS.org and our Archives
Privacy Statement
We know that you care how your information is used, and we appreciate your
trust that we will use it carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our
privacy policy. By visiting us, you are accepting the privacy policy described
below.
1. What
Personal Information Do We Collect?
• Information You Provide. We receive and store information you enter. For
example, when you search for or buy a product or service, or when you supply
information such as your address, phone number or credit card. You can choose
not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take
advantage of some of our features. We use the information that you provide for
such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for
you, improving our website, and communicating with you.
• Cookies. Like many websites, we use "cookies". Cookies are small
digital files that we transfer to your hard drive that allow us to recognize
you and to provide you with a customized shopping experience. If you do not
want us to use cookies, you can easily disable them from within your browser
program, but some site features may not work correctly.
• Other Information: Every computer has an IP (Internet Protocol) address. IP
addresses of computers used to visit this site are noted. In addition, we
automatically collect other information such as email addresses, browser types,
operating systems, and the URL addresses of sites clicked to and from this
site.
• Information from Other Sources. We might receive information about you from
other sources and add it to our account information. This may include updated
delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that we
can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more
easily.
2. How Do
We Use Your Information?
• Customized Shopping. We use your information to better serve you by providing
a customized shopping experience. As noted above, you may “opt-out” of this
customization, and you are also not required to create an account to shop.
• Agents. We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our
behalf. Examples include delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail,
and processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information
needed to perform their functions, but may not use it
for other purposes.
• Special Offers. We may send you special offers from time to time, unless you choose to “opt-out” of receiving such
offers.  These offers will only come from GNRHS. We do not share your
information with third-party companies for marketing purposes.
• Law Enforcement. If we receive a lawful court order to release account or
other personal information then we will comply with
the law. We will also release information when necessary to protect the life, safety or property of others. This includes exchanging
information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit
risk reduction.
3. How Do
We Protect the Security of Your Information?
• We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by
using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you
input.
• We use encryption to protect your information contained in our customer list.
• We use a firewall to protect against unlawful intrusion.
• We limit access to your information on a “need to know” basis.
• We reveal only the last 4 digits of your credit card numbers when confirming
an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the
appropriate credit card company during order processing.
• It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your
password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared
computer.
• No system can guarantee absolute security, just as the finest lock can not guarantee physical security. However, we take every
reasonable precaution to assure that your data is secure.
Share this page:
Search GNRHS.org and our Archives
JoinRenewDonate
Follow us:
Privacy Policy -
Customer Service -
Sitemap -
Contribute -
Admin -
Switch Color Scheme
Copyright © 2011 - 2020 Great Northern Railway Historical Society