http://www.apex-books.com/apex/customer_support/apex_return_policy.htm
Home
Company
About Us
Contact Apex
Copyright Policy
Copyright Permissions
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Support
How to Order
Return Policy
Discount Policy
Desk/Exam Copies
Contact Apex
Books
The Brewer's Handbook
Grape Grower's Handbook
Greenhouse Management
Organic Crop Production
Customer Support
How To Order
Return Policy
Discount Policy
Desk/Exam Copies
Contact Apex
Return Policy
Our Money-Back Guarantee
If for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, you may return your book(s), in resalable condition and with the original receipt, within 30 days from the date your order was shipped for a replacement copy or full refund.
Please wrap books well, include a copy of the invoice and a note explaining the reason for the return, and be sure to include your full name and address on the outside of the package. Books must arrive undamaged, unmarked, and in original condition.
We will notify you by e-mail of your refund once we have received and processed the return item. Allow no more than 10 business days for a credit to your charge card upon receipt of book.
Return Merchandise to:
Apex Publishers
Returns Dept.
6002 Rockton Court
Centreville, Virginia
20121
Note:
Textbooks must be in original condition, no exceptions.
Original shipment charges are not refundable. You are responsible for all costs associated with return shipment.
Please note that we can refund shipping costs only if the return is a result of our error.
The return procedure above applies only to those items purchased from Apex Publishers. It does not apply to books bought at another bookseller, online, or retail store.
We cannot be responsible for packages lost during return. Therefore, we highly recommend that your return be shipped PREPAID via a traceable method such as UPS and sent as an insured package.
Returns cannot be accepted after 30 days. Any items returned to us after 30 days will be discarded by our warehouse and credit will not be given.
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Agreement
Contact Us
© Copyright 2019 Apex Publishers or related companies. All rights reserved.
No part of this content or the data or information included therein may be reproduced, republished or redistributed without the prior written consent of Apex Publishers. Use of this site is governed by our Copyright Policy, Terms of Use Agreement and Privacy Policy.