http://www.porscheclubgb.com/privacy-policy
About
Our historyFounded in 1961, Porsche Club Great Britain has a proud history and enviable heritage
Roll of honourThe roll of honour lists members and others who have made outstanding contributions to the Club
Club BoardYour Porsche Club GB Board of Directors
Clubhouse teamMeet the team at Cornbury House
ContactIf you need to get in touch with us
Club BusinessMinutes of Club AGMs, EGMs and Board meetings are available for members
SustainabilitySustainable development is a key element of the Porsche Strategy
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Membership
Membership benefitsEnjoy a wide range of benefits
Membership optionsWhat are your membership options
Gift MembershipPorsche Club Gift Membership
Join or renew membershipIt's so easy to join or renew
ValuationsFree service for Club members
PartnersWe are extremely grateful for the generous support and commitment our partners make to our Club
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
News
NewsIn our news area you'll find coverage featuring Porsche Club GB
Porsche PostView Porsche Post online
FeaturesLonger articles and features
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Community
ForumOur online forum is where you can get help, swap tips and share your experiences with other Porsche enthusiasts
RegionsPorsche Club is organised into 32 geographic Regions around the UK
Model RegistersThe Club supports a wide range of model-specific Registers, each run by technical experts
ImagesView our latest galleries and photoshoots
VideosWatch our latest videos
Driving RoutesFind a route near you or discover somewhere new with our member submitted drives.
ArchiveView library content, magazines, workshop manuals and brochures
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Events
National EventsView our upcoming national events
Events CalendarView all upcoming events including our Regions and Registers
Concours CommunityCelebrating the finest Porsches within the Club
Driver DevelopmentHone your driving skills with exclusive tuition experiences
Track DaysView upcoming track days
Virtual EventsCatch up on previous virtual events
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Motorsport
RaceClose and competitive championship in a friendly atmosphere
Boxster CupThe Porsche Classic Boxster Cup race series
SpeedCompeting against the clock in sprints and hillclimbs
HillFocussing on hillclimb events at high-profile meetings
Track daysBook club-run track days online
Sim RacingEnter the digital equivalent of a treadmill — sim racing.
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Car sales
Buy a PorscheBrowse a comprehensive range of Stuttgart's finest
Sell a PorscheMembers can sell their Porsche through the Club's premium platform
Buying GuidesYour guide to buying a new Porsche
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Shop
LifestyleLimited edition prints, stationery and books
ModelsA wide range of model cars and racing models are available.
MotorsportSelected items designed to enhance your driving experience.
Car CarePorsche Club members benefit from favourable prices on all our car care range.
TicketsPorsche Club members benefit from discounted tickets for selected events.
Gift VouchersNot sure what they'd like? How about gift vouchers, applicable across retail and membership
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Trade Directory
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Home >
Privacy policy
Porsche Club GB Privacy Policy
Under requirements of The GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) act, we
have a legal duty to protect any personal information we collect from or hold about
you. We do not pass on your details to any third party unless you explicitly give us
permission to do so.
We undertake to maintain the confidentiality of all personal data held or processed
by us. If you wish to review the Club's entry on the Data Protection Register you may
do so by clicking here. The Club’s registration number is: Z5646281
The term 'Porsche Club GB' or 'Club' includes Porsche Club Great Britain and Porsche Club Motorsport.
If you have submitted your email address to us through the Porsche Club GB website or by registering as a user of the forum, you may in future receive email communications from us. These communications may be sent from time to time to inform you about our events, activities and services. Should you not wish to receive further communications from the Club, you can unsubscribe by clicking the 'Unsubscribe' link from within any emails we may send you.
The information we collect
We collect data from our website for a number of reasons, primarily to provide you with the most useful and relevant information and services from Porsche Club GB. We do this through collecting and analysing both anonymous, or aggregate, data, and personal data volunteered by you online.
In some areas of our website, for example forms, emails and Club shop we collect personal data such as your name, address, telephone number and email. We may use this personally identifiable information to customise the content on the websites and to such visitors’ current and future needs and to process any requests,applications or transactions undertaken by you and for internal administration and analysis. We undertake to use this information only for the reason you have supplied it or any other reason for which you have given us permission to do so. Porsche Club GB does not sell, rent, or disclose any information to third parties for their marketing purposes unless you give us permission to do so.
Where relevant, information is provided to explain why the data is being collected and how it will be used. In some cases we may ask you to 'opt-in' to receive future communications including emails. In other cases, when we ask you for information about yourself you may, by ticking the appropriate box provided, tell us that you do not want to receive future communications from us. Please be aware that if you do so you may miss emails from the Club.
If you enter sensitive personal information, including but not limited to your age, sex, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or spiritual beliefs or your physical or mental health or condition, you hereby consent to the use of such data. In addition to information given explicitly by you, we also collect information about your visit to our website (for example, the date and time of your visit and the pages that you view). This information is not connected to you personally, and is in aggregate form. This kind of data helps us to understand how our visitors use our site so that future website development can enhance your user experience.
Subject access request
We will provide individuals with a copy of any information relating to them within 30 calendar days of receiving such a request. However, this time period can be extended by to up to three months if the request is complex, or if the same individual has made a high number of requests. You should contact the Data Controller at Porsche Club Great Britain if you require this or have any queries about information we may hold about you.
Right to be forgotten
Under Article 17 of the GDPR individuals have the right to have personal data erased. This is also known as the ‘right to be forgotten’. Upon receipt of such request we will act upon the request without undue delay and at the latest within one month of receipt.
Data Controllers
The Club has a small number of data controllers who the Club works with closely and securely to facilitate the management of membership. The policies, procedures and practices of these third-party companies are regularly reviewed to ensure compliance.
Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Email communications
Email is the Club's preferred channel for members' communications as it helps minimise our operating costs allowing us to maintain our membership fees at acceptable levels.
Porsche Club GB uses a third party service provided by MailChimp to deliver its e-mail newsletters, messages and other Club-related communications in a timely and convenient format. MailChimp was selected as it provides a proven, trusted and widely-used service which also offers value for money for our members. Importantly, it also provides the security that we regard as essential when handling members, partners and other stakeholders' contact information.
MailChimp is certified under the US-EU 'Safe Harbor Scheme', a scheme run by the US Government, to ensure that our data is protected to the same level as it would be if held in the UK. For more information please refer to the MailChimp Privacy Policy.
You can choose to unsubscribe from receiving emails at any time. However, if you do so, you may miss some Club-related communications since these may not always be displayed on the website, sent by post or published in Porsche Post, the Club's magazine.
Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (‘Google’). Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States of America. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
How do we protect your personal information?
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to protect your online transactions. SSL encrypts the personal information you provide to us before travelling over the internet. We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information you provide to us against accidental, unlawful or unauthorised destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing.
Scope
This privacy policy covers the Porsche Club GB website only. It does not cover any external third-party operated websites accessed by links from within our site.
Review
This document will be reviewed at any time there is a significant change to systems/procedure and, at minimum, will be reviewed annually. The policies contained within this document represent the security responsibilities of all Porsche Club GB staff, employees and volunteers.  They are to be adhered to at all times and locations whenever Porsche Club GB activities are being performed.
Contact us
If you have any queries relating to this policy, please contact Porsche Club GB by letter at the following address:
The Compliance Officer,
Porsche Club GB,
Cornbury House,
Cotswold Business Village, London Road,
Moreton-in-Marsh,
Gloucestershire
GL56 0JQ
cluboffice@porscheclubgb.com
01608 652911
Latest forum posts
The day has come. S2 for sale.
FORUM INACTIVITY
Extraordinary General Meeting?
Upcoming Events
Thinking of an Electric Car?
16 December 2020
PCGB Sim Racing Club Championship – Oulton Park
23 December 2020
Porscheshop Manx Tour
14 May 2021
All Upcoming Events
PCGB News
Automotive Photography Evening
10 December 2020
Dream Liner – a true labour of love
08 December 2020
Resignation of PCGB Chair
07 December 2020
Read more club news
Let us help you unlock the potential of your Porsche
Join now