https://www.munrohoney.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
We value you as a customer and take your personal privacy seriously. As such, we would like to inform you of our policies of collecting, using, securing, and sharing nonpublic, personal information.
Please read this Privacy Policy very carefully before using this site. By accessing and using this site, you signify your consent to these terms. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Your privacy is important to us. Munro Honey is committed to undertaking reasonable measures to protect the privacy, accuracy and reliability of your personal information and to reasonably protect such information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Please read the following description of our policies and practices regarding your personal information.
Your use of this Web Site, including any input of your personal information, shall be deemed by Munro Honey and yourself as your willingness to consent to the use and storage of your information in our Munro Honey files and/or on the Web Site. You may remove or withdraw your consent, by contacting Munro Honey by mail or e-mail through the Web Site, by sending a specific withdrawal of your consent stating your name in the E-mail and dating the same. Once you have withdrawn your consent, or have not given it in the first instance, your use of this website to input any personal information is prohibited as agreed to by you. Withdrawal of consent shall only be effective after the same has been received by Munro Honey.
Our Privacy Principles
We do not sell customer information.
We do not provide customer information to persons or organizations outside Munro Honey who are doing business on our behalf, for their own marketing purposes.
We contractually require any person or organization providing products or services to customers on our behalf to protect the confidentiality of Munro Honey customer information.
We afford prospective and former customers the same protections as existing customers with respect to the use of personal information.
Information We May Collect
We collect and use information that is necessary to administer our business, to advise you about upcoming events, additional services, and to provide you with customer service.
We may make available the ability to post personal information on this site from visitors such as name, e-mail address, comments and other information of interest. We may also provide forums for purposes such as newsletter, chat room, and for participation in other interactive online activities. We do not request sensitive personal information, such as age, postal address, racial or ethnic origin or health or medical data. Since this is a public platform, any information posted by you may be displayed on the site.
From time to time, we may place a “cookie” on your computer. A cookie is a file written to your computer’s hard drive that records certain technical information about your Internet usage, such as your IP address, browser type, or domain name. Also, if you submit personal information to our web site (such as your name, interests or preferences), we may use cookies to keep track of such information so that you will not need to re-enter this information during subsequent visits. We use cookies to customize delivery of our web site content. You may set your Internet browser preferences to notify you when you receive a cookie or decline acceptance of cookies. If you decline acceptance of cookies, however, you may experience less than optimal performance of our web site.
Web servers serving our web site may automatically collect information about which pages you visit, as well as your IP address or domain name. We may use this information for our internal web site business purposes only and for no other purpose, for example, to tailor our web site content or to assess the amount of traffic to our web site.
We collect information:
from you, on applications for Munro Honey information or purchases on written and online forms, through telephone, through email and in-person interviews, your Munro Honey representative, and our Customer and Sales Representatives, such as your address, telephone number, and email address.
from your transactions with us, such as your payment history.
How We Use Information About You
We use customer information to process your product and services inquiries, to ensure proper billing, to provide technical assistance, and to offer you other Munro Honey products and services that we believe may suit your needs.
Information Disclosure
We share information about our transactions and experiences with you within our Munro Honey family of companies and with Munro Honey employees to better serve you and to assist us in meeting your needs. We may also disclose customer information about you to persons or organizations inside or outside our family of companies as permitted or required by law, including companies that perform marketing services for us or with whom we have joint marketing agreements. These agreements allow us to provide a broader selection of services to you.
We will give you access to the information we retain about you. We will make every reasonable effort to keep your information accurate and up to date. Upon your request, you shall be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of your information.
Your Awareness and Permission
By purchasing services or merchandise from Munro Honey, you provide Munro Honey with your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of certain personal information, including that previously collected, for the purposes of communication with you; assessing your request for product or services; providing customer assistance and acting as required by law.
We may also use personal information in order to tell you about other services or products available through Munro Honey affiliated companies or through those companies with whom we have alliances.
If you would rather not receive such additional marketing or system information, please contact us.
Munro Honey Protects Customer Information
We maintain physical, electronic, and organized safeguards to protect customer information. We continually review our products and practices, monitor our computer networks, and test the strength of our security in order to help us ensure the safety of customer information.
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario. If any provision of this Privacy Policy is deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Privacy Policy and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.