http://www.butterfliesandmoths.org/user-privacy
Skip to main content
Toggle Main Menu
Toggle Search
Login
Register
Register
Home
About About the Project
Acknowledgments
Awards
Contact Us
FAQs
Glossary
Related Links
Terms of Use
User Privacy
Get Involved How to Get Involved
Be a Coordinator
Partner with Us
Identify
Image Gallery
Maps and Data Explore Data
Recent Sightings
Recent Sightings Map
Species Profiles Species Search
Regional Checklists
Taxonomy
Donate
Butterflies and Moths of North America
collecting and sharing data about Lepidoptera
Search
Log in
Register
Search
×
×
My BAMONA
My sightings
My species checklist
Manage my photographs
My Account
×
Modal Header
Submit a Sighting
×
Coordinator Tools
Pending sightings
Sightings I verified
Species I created
Unidentifiable sightings
User Privacy
Why do I have to register to submit a sighting?
The main reason we require users to create an account is that it decreases the number of spam submissions. Just as you do not want to receive spam e-mails, we do not want sort through junk submissions created by web crawlers. Registration also allows you to track your submissions via automatic e-mail alerts and tools only visible when you are logged in.
How will my personally identifiable information be used?
When you create an account, you will be asked for your name and e-mail address. The name you provide will be stored with each record you submit using your account. This way, you get credit for your submitted records. Your e-mail address will be stored in the database with your name so that you can retrieve or reset your username and password as needed. You will also receive two automatic e-mails for each submission: one will confirm your submission, and the second e-mail will state whether your record has been approved or rejected. Other than these two e-mails per submission, you will not receive any unsolicited e-mail other than occasional user surveys designed to collect information to improve BAMONA. You will not be added to a mailing list, and your personal information will not be sold, traded, or shared.
Is any other personal information collected?
Yes. The Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information collected by butterfliesandmoths.org, and how this information is used. If you are looking for more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
Privacy Policy
Log Files
Like many other websites, butterfliesandmoths.org makes use of log files. The information inside the log files include IP addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks. These data are used to analyze trends, administer the site, to track a user’s movement around the site, and to gather demographic information. These data are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
butterfliesandmoths.org uses cookies to store information about visitors’ preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the user accesses or visits, and to customize web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on butterfliesandmoths.org. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visits to butterfliesandmoths.org and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL: https://www.google.com/settings/ads.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on butterfliesandmoths.org send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party advertising networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see. butterfliesandmoths.org has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. butterfliesandmoths.org’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Google reCAPTCHA
This site has implemented the Invisible reCAPTCHA to prevent creation of spam accounts; your use of the Invisible reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.