http://www.pocruises.com.au/plan/how-to-book/book-travel-conditions
Welcome to P&O Cruises. This website presents a main menu on the left hand side
from where you can browse our cruises, and a toolbar menu at the top page with search, live chat, support, and profile settings.
Skip to side menu (Press enter)
Skip to toolbar menu (Press enter)
Skip to content (Press enter)
Cruising with P&O
Plan My Holiday
Healthy Cruising
Find a Cruise
Cruises
Short Breaks
Deals
Contact Us
AU
NZ
{{headerCtrl.numberOfSavedQuotes}}
Saved
Sign In
UPDATE – CANCELLED CRUISES
Home
Plan a Cruise Trip
How To Book
Booking & Travel Conditions
How To Book
Our Fare Structure
Booking Your Cruise
EZPay Payment Plan
How To Pay
Booking & Travel Conditions
P&O Assurance
Booking Your Extras
Need Help?
Contact us on 1300 361 919 (AU) or 0800 835 368 (NZ) to speak with one of our friendly Cruise Holiday Planners who can help you book a personalised P&O Holiday.
Frequent Questions
Q
I have booked through a Travel Agency, can I still contact P&O cruises directly to enquire about my booking?
A
If you have booked through a travel agent, while we are happy to discuss general information with you about your cruise, we are unable to discuss any aspect of your booking with anyone other than a representative of your travel agency.
Read more
Q
Is GST payable?
A
GST is included in the cruise fare on Australian and New Zealand coastal cruises, as well as in any purchases made onboard on these cruises.
GST is also included in domestic airfares. GST is not applicable to any other cruise or purchase.
Read more
Q
How do I pay for my cruise?
A
When booking directly with P&O Cruises, our accepted methods of payment are:
Credit/Debit Card
Simply log into Cruise Control to pay your deposit or final payment by credit or debit card. The payment will be applied to your booking on the same day and a new booking confirmation showing your updated balance will be emailed to you. When making a booking here on our website, you can confirm your booking instantly by paying your deposit or full amount by credit or debit card. Best of all there is no service fee for debit card transactions.
Read more
Q
When should I book?
A
As soon as you can! This will ensure that you have the greatest choice available. As families love to cruise, school holiday periods can be very popular and sell out early. Keep this in mind, book early and get ready for the holiday of your life.
Read more
View all FAQs
NEED HELP?
13 24 94
13 24 94
FAQs
Contact Us
Follow Us
Careers
Legal
News Centre
Privacy
Safety
Business Conduct & Ethics
Booking and Travel Conditions
Sitemap
(C) Copyright Carnival Australia. All Rights Reserved.
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and understand we tailor ads to your interests.