https://www.ribbonridge.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Welcome to our website.
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern RRV, LLC, dba Ribbon Ridge Vineyard’s relationship with you in the context of this website.
The term “RRV, LLC,” “Ribbon Ridge Vineyard” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence. From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States.
Wine-Specific Conditions
Legal Requirements
You must be 21 years of age or older, to order or receive alcoholic beverages from RRV, LLC. Receipt of shipments containing alcoholic beverages requires the signature of a sober adult (a person 21 years of age or older who is not intoxicated). Wines purchased from RRV, LLC, are not for resale, and are for personal consumption only.
Credit Card Charges
Orders are by credit card only. We accept Visa, MasterCard, and American Express.
Minimum Purchase
No minimum purchase is required.
Payment
If you choose to complete your purchase online, then our payment gateway stores your credit card data. RRV, LLC does not store your credit card information. Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. With your consent, the payment gateway may store information related to your purchase, including your email address, credit card information, user name and password for the sole purpose of using it for future purchases.
Our payment gateway adheres to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
Our current payment gateway is vinoshipper.com. You may wish to review their privacy policy and terms of use as well.
States Authorized for Direct Shipments
Due to the ever-changing nature of wine shipping laws, we may be able to ship wines, directly or indirectly, to much of the United States. However, at this time, we are not able to ship to except AR, CT, DE, KY, MI, MS, MT, NJ, RI, SD, and UT. If RRV, LLC is unable to ship directly to the shipping address you provide, your order will not be accepted.
Shipping Costs
UPS Ground is RRV, LLC,’s carrier of choice. Ground shipping is provided by UPS at current market rates. These rates will be calculated at the time your order is placed. *Note – If the customer selects UPS Air as his or her carrier, the customer pays all shipping charges, regardless of his or her wine club membership, promotion or purchase amount.
Wine is a Delicate Commodity
Wine is a perishable commodity. Wine does not like extremes of temperature: hot humid summer and cold winter weather may adversely affect the condition of your wine during shipment. During times when we deem in inadvisable to ship wines using our standard ground delivery, RRV, LLC will give buyers the option to elect a more suitable delivery method (Express or temperature-controlled shipping). Alternatively, customers may elect to defer shipment until the weather improves sufficiently to ship safely. RRV, LLC, is not responsible for and will not replace wine that is damaged by extreme weather conditions during shipment. When your wine order is picked up by the common carrier for delivery, responsibility for the wine becomes the responsibility of the purchaser.
Returns & Cancellations
We will replace or refund you for any bottle of wine that is flawed. We ask the customer return the unfinished portion of the original bottle for replacement. By law, we cannot accept returns of alcoholic beverages unless the product is flawed. We are also unable to accept return of wine that was damaged due to adverse weather conditions during shipment, or wine that is ordered in error.
Once the wine is received, we will refund your credit card account for the cost of the wine less shipping and handling. If the original shipment was damaged or flawed you will receive a full refund, including shipping and handling charges. Please send an email to info@ribbonridge.com to arrange for the return of flawed or damaged product.
A 20% restocking fee will be applied to all canceled orders, including club orders refunded more than 30 days after processing.
Ribbon Ridge Vineyard Wine Club
We believe that wine clubs should be more than just a sales channel — they should be fun. And we try to make them fun by giving members invitations to exclusive social events and pick-up parties for local members. For members who aren’t able to join us in person, we offer discounted shipping and a special gift in each shipment.
Join the Club