https://www.cliftoncruisers.com/privacy
Skip to content
Fleet Hire – Our BoatsPrices & BookingRoutesCaféFAQContact Us Here
Opening HoursMonday - Sunday 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
FacebookFacebookTwitterYouTubeInstagram
Website Privacy PolicyClifton Cruisers2019-10-20T18:54:45+00:00
Clifton Cruisers Website Privacy Policy
Clifton Cruisers is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
What information do we collect?
We may collect information such as your name, telephone number and email address via the online forms on this site. Your information will only be used in relation to your enquiry and will not be passed on to any third parties without your consent.
Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
Send you information by email, which is related to your enquiries Send you email notifications which you have specifically requested Send to you marketing communications relating to information which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology. You can choose to opt-out of communications at any time Deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the websiteSecurity of your personal data
We will take thorough technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Website Analytics
Like most other websites, cliftoncruisers.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Fancy a Bite to Eat?
Visit the Canal Lounge
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Quick Info All bedding, tea towels, bath towels and bath mats, crockery, cutlery, full set of cooking utensils saucepan set. Dustpan and brush, washing up liquid and toilet rolls. Complimentary tea, coffee, sugar and biscuits.  See our FAQs for more info >>>
Contact Info
Clifton Wharf, Clifton upon Dunsmore, Rugby, Warwickshire, CV23 0EY
Phone: +44 (0)1788 543570
Fax: +44 (0)1788 579799
Email: info@cliftoncruisers.com