http://www.girlscoutswnc.org/en/about-girl-scouts/who-we-are/privacy-policy.html
Join
Shop
Forms
Blog
Give
Online Calendar & Registration
Contact Us
ABOUT
ABOUT
OUR COUNCIL
OUR COUNCIL
VOLUNTEERS
VOLUNTEERS
EVENTS
EVENTS
COOKIES
COOKIES
FALL PRODUCT
FALL PRODUCT
CAMP
CAMP
MY GS
MY GS
ABOUTWho We AreOur ProgramOur HistoryLead Like A Girl Scout RenewJoin OUR COUNCIL VOLUNTEERS EVENTS COOKIES FALL PRODUCT CAMP MY GS
Join
Shop
Forms
Blog
Give
Online Calendar & Registration
Contact Us
Who We AreOur ProgramOur HistoryLead Like A Girl Scout RenewJoin
About Girl Scouts
Who We ArePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the website of Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont
Council. The council is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization with
administrative offices in central and western North Carolina.
Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont is committed to protecting
the privacy of its visitors. This privacy policy discloses how
information is collected and protected and the use information that is
provided online, as well as the protection of children’s privacy. By
using the pages on this site, you are accepting the practices
described in this privacy policy.
If the policy practices change in the future, revised policy changes
will be posted on the website. However, we will treat all personal
information we collect in accordance with the privacy notice in effect
at the time the information is collected.
Girl Scouts’ online properties comprise of, but are not limited to,
all pages found under www.girlscoutsp2p.com including
our online council shop and www.camplikeagirl.org.
Data Collection
Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont uses its best efforts to
respect and protect the privacy of its online visitors. At the site,
the council does not collect personal identifiable information from
individuals unless they provide it voluntarily and knowingly. This
means the council does not require you to register or provide
information to us in order to view the public sections of the site.
Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont only gathers personally
identifiable data, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, e-mail
addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a visitor. For example,
personally identifiable information is collected in order to process
online transactions, online donations or job applications. This
information is used solely by Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont
or other entities who are involved in the operation of this site for
internal purposes. Information is not sold to third parties. Personal
identifiable information will be shared with third parties when (i)
the person submitting the information authorizes us to share it; (ii)
sharing the information is a necessary operation of the site, for
instance, to process a credit card transaction, or (iii) we are
required to by law. Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont has no
control or responsibility for the data collection and use practices of
third parties that process online transactions.
Privacy Children’s Privacy The Children’s Online
Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) of 1998 protects the personal
information of children under the age of 13. This applies to
individually identifiable information about a child that is collected
online, such as full name, home address, e-mail address, telephone
number or any other information that would allow someone to identify
or contact the child. COPPA also cover other types of information –
for example, hobbies, interests and information collected through
cookies or other types of tracking mechanisms – when they are tied to
individually identifiable information. It is important for you to
understand this law; we encourage you to read more about COPPA.
Note to Parents on Our Privacy Policy Girl Scouts
Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont is committed to providing a safe, secure
and fun online experience for children who visit our site. The safety
of our girl members is our utmost priority. Consistent with the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, the council will never
knowingly request or publish personally identifiable information from
anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.
Parents can revoke their consent and ask that information about
their children be deleted from the site by contacting council offices
at 800-672-2148 or info@girlscoutsp2p.org. To do
this or to review personal information collected from children, the
council must verify the identity of the requesting parent. When a
parent revokes consent, the council will stop collecting and/or using
information from that child.
Girl Scouts believes it is good policy not to collect more
personally identifiable information from children under 13 than is
necessary for them to participate in online activities. In addition,
be aware that all sites that are targeted to children under 13 are
prohibited by law from collecting more information than they need.
Submissions
Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont welcomes children to
learn more about our organization and, where appropriate, participate
in polls and surveys, as well as submit comments, artwork, writings
and other submissions. All submissions become the property of Girl
Scout and will be eligible for inclusion on the website and in other
marketing materials. For this reason, Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to
Piedmont follows the guidelines for interactive electronic media
published by the Children’s Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the
Better Business Bureau for pages targeted to children under 13.
However, the council encourages this be done only with their parent’s
knowledge and supervision. We also encourage children to use an alias
(e.g., “Bookworm,” “Skater,” etc.), first name, nickname, initials, or
other alternative to full names or screen names which correspond with
an email address for any activities which will involve public posting.
In keeping with CARU’s Principle regarding respecting and fostering
the parents’ role in providing guidance for their children, parents
are encouraged to check and monitor their children’s use of e-mail and
other online activities regularly.
Links to Other Websites and Services
This site may be linked to other sites and services that are
not maintained by Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont. These
websites have their own privacy policies, which you should review
prior to visiting them. We have no responsibility for linked websites
and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of
our visitors.
How We Use Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are sent to your computer
when you log on to a website that allow us to identify you when you
return to the site. We do not use cookies to track your usage or any
other personal information about you.
Safety and Security Information
Security Safeguard
The safety and security of
your online experience is of the utmost concern. The council ensures
the appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures are in
place to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data
security, and correctly use the information that is collected online.
Credit Card Safety
Protecting the safety of your credit
card information is also important. Protecting the safety of your
credit card information is also important to us. We use Secure Sockets
Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your credit card
information as it is transmitted to us. SSL is the industry standard
in Internet encryption technology, which is a highly sophisticated
method of scrambling data as it travels from your computer to our Web
site servers. Your credit card number is encrypted when you place an
order and whenever a transfer is made to participating merchants. It
is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your
password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using
a shared computer.
To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit
personal financial information, look at the lower left-hand corner of
your browser. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending
upon your browser), then SSL is active. To double-check for security,
look at the URL or Address line of your browser. If you have accessed
a secure server, the first characters of the address in that line
should change from “http” to “https.” It is important for you to
protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your
computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Children
If you are under 18, you
need parent/guardian permission to use a credit card to make
purchases online.
Legal Notices
All images and content found on this website are copyrighted
materials. No materials may be used or downloaded without written
permission from the Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont for any
purpose other than the viewing of this website.
The GIRL SCOUT name and mark, the TREFOIL mark and all other
trademarks, service marks, logotypes, designs and copyrights
associated with or related to the Girl Scouts (“GSUSA’s Intellectual
Property”) are the sole and exclusive property of GSUSA and are
protected under the laws of the United States of America and
international treaties.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you can contact:
Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont 8818 W. Market
St. Colfax, NC 27235 336-274-8491 info@girlscoutsp2p.org
Thank you for visiting our site.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
800-672-2148