https://www.asianartinlondon.com/privacy-terms/
privacy policy
BACKGROUND
Asian Art in London understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your information is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits Our Site and will only collect and use information in ways that are useful to you and in a manner consistent with your rights and Our obligations under the law.
This Policy applies to Our use of any and all data collected by us in relation to your use of Our Site. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings: “Account” – means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site:
“Cookie” – means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in section 12, below
“Our Site” – means this website, http://asianartinlondon.com
“United Kingdom and EU Cookie Law” – means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended in 2004, 2011 and 2015; and
“We/Us/Our” – means Asian Art in London, a limited company registered in England under 3501947 whose registered address is Asian Art in London,
69-73 Theobalds Road, London WC1X 8TA.
2. INFORMATION ABOUT US
2.1 Our Site, http://asianartinlondon.com, is operated by Us, a limited company registered in England under 3501947 whose registered address is Asian Art in London,
69-73 Theobalds Road, London WC1X 8TA. Our VAT number is GB 710 4270 82.
3. Scope – What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. It does not extend to any websites that are linked to from Our Site (whether We provide those links or whether they are shared by other users). We have no control over how your data is collected, stored or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
4. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT?
Some data will be collected automatically by Our Site (for further details, please see section 12 on Our use of Cookies), other data will only be collected if you voluntarily submit it and consent to Us using it for the purposes set out in section 5. Depending upon your use of Our Site, We may collect some or all of the following data:
4.1 Name
4.2 Business/company name
4.3 Contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers
4.4 Demographic information such as post code, city and country
4.5 IP address (automatically collected, then anonymised by Google Analytics)
4.6 Web browser type and version (automatically collected)
4.7 Operating system (automatically collected)
4.8 a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Site, and the site you exit to (automatically collected)
5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR DATA?
5.1 All personal data is stored securely in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (GDPR). For more details on security see section 6, below.
5.2 We use your data to provide the best possible services to you. This includes:
5.2.1 Providing and managing your access to Our Site
5.2.2 Personalising and tailoring your experience on Our Site
5.2.3 Supplying Our services to you
5.2.4 Personalising and tailoring Our services for you
5.2.5 Responding to communications from you
5.2.6 Supplying you with email Newsletters e.g. events, alerts etc. that you have subscribed to (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time via our Data processor (MailChimp)
5.2.7 Analysing your use of Our Site to enable Us to continually improve Our Site and your user experience
6. Security
6.1 All personal data is stored securely in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (GDPR).
6.2 In some cases, the collection of data may be a statutory or contractual requirement, and We will be limited in the services We can provide you without your consent for Us to be able to use such data.
6.3 With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email with information, news and offers on Our services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, as amended in 2004, 2011 and 2015.
6.4 Under GDPR we will ensure that your personal data is processed lawfully, fairly, and transparently, without adversely affecting your rights. We will only process your personal data if at least one of the following basis applies:
a) you have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes
b) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at the request of you prior to entering into a contract
c) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject
d) processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or of another natural person
e) processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller
f) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child.
7. HOW AND WHERE DO WE STORE YOUR DATA?
7.1 We only keep your data for as long as We need to in order to use it as described above in section 5, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it. In any event, We will conduct an annual review to ascertain whether we need to keep your data. Your data will be deleted if we no longer need it in accordance with the terms of our Data Retention Policy.
7.2 Some or all of your data may be stored or transferred outside of the European Economic Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by using Our Site and submitting information to Us. If We do store or transfer data outside the EEA, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the EEA and under the GDPR. Such steps may include, but not be limited to, the use of legally binding contractual terms between Us and any third parties We engage and the use of the EU-approved Model Contractual Arrangements.
7.3 Data security is of great importance to Us, and to protect your data We have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Site.
7.4 Steps We take to secure and protect your data include:
7.4.1 Using globally recognised data processors and controllers (Eventbrite, Mailchimp) who offer their own independent data protection policies, both physical and digital. We also have password protected, and physically secured offices.
7.5 Notwithstanding the security measures that We take, it is important to remember that the transmission of data via the internet may not be completely secure and that you are advised to take suitable precautions when transmitting to Us data via the internet.
8. DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA & WHAT HAPPENS IF OUR BUSINESS CHANGES HANDS?
8.1 We may contract with third parties to supply services to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, Our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law. We currently contract with:
Email communications – MailChimp
Printer/distributors – BW Print & Design Ltd.
Events/ticketing site – Eventbrite – Operates as a third party referral from Us. We will refer our visitors to them for event booking purposes, You will be subject to Eventbrite’s own privacy policy and cookie policy.
8.2 We may compile statistics about the use of Our Site including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales and other information. All such data will be anonymised and will not include any personally identifying information. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the bounds of the law.
8.3 In certain circumstances We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal information, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with the requirements of legislation, a court order, or a governmental authority. We do not require any further consent from you in order to share your data in such circumstances and will comply as required with any legally binding request that is made of Us.
8.4 We may, from time to time, expand or reduce Our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Our business. Data provided by users will, where it is relevant to any part of Our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use the data for the purposes for which it was originally collected by Us.
8.5 In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will not be contacted in advance and informed of the changes.
9. HOW CAN YOU CONTROL YOUR DATA?
9.1 When you submit information via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data. We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in Our emails.
9.2 You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference services operating in the United Kingdom: The Telephone Preference Service (“the TPS”), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service (“the CTPS”), and the Mailing Preference Service (“the MPS”). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.
10. YOUR RIGHT TO WITHHOLD INFORMATION AND YOUR RIGHT TO WITHDRAW INFORMATION AFTER YOU HAVE GIVEN IT
10.1 You may access Our Site without providing any data at all.
10.2 You may restrict your internet browser’s use of Cookies. For more information, see section 12.
10.3 You may withdraw your consent for Us to use your personal data as set out in section 5 at any time by contacting Us using the details set out in section 14, and We will delete Your data from Our systems. However, you acknowledge this may limit Our ability to provide the best possible services to you.
11. HOW CAN YOU ACCESS YOUR DATA?
You have the legal right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Please contact Us for more details at info@asianartinlondon.com, or using the contact details below in section 14.
12. WHAT COOKIES DO WE USE AND WHAT FOR?
12.1 Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our services. For more details, please refer to section 5, above, and to section 12.6 below. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
12.2 By using Our Site you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. We use third party Cookies on Our Site for web improvement services. For more details, please refer to section 5, above, and to section 12.6 below. These Cookies are not integral to the functioning of Our Site.
12.3 All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current English and EU Cookie Law.
12.4 Before any Cookies are placed on your computer or device, subject to section 12.5 AND, you will be shown a Simple text-box prompt e.g. pop-up, message bar etc. requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of Our Site may not function fully or as intended.
12.5 Certain features of Our Site depend on Cookies to function. United Kingdom and EU Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”. These Cookies are shown below in section 12.6. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings as detailed below in section 12.10, but please be aware that Our Site may not work as intended if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.
12.6 The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie – Purpose – Strictly Necessary
Webform-404[1529493486] – Joining our database – Yes SSESSbbae4b61d124b70b89a5339be69e3d67 – Social Media referral – Yes
and the following third party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
N/A
12.7 Our Site uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling Us to better understand how people use Our Site. This, in turn, enables Us to improve Our Site and the services offered through it. You do not have to allow Us to use these Cookies, as detailed below, however whilst Our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of Our Site, it does enable Us to continually improve Our Site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
12.8 The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) Cookies to gather the required information. Certain of these Cookies may be placed immediately when you first visit Our Site and it may not be possible for Us to obtain your prior consent. You may remove these Cookies and prevent future use of them by following the steps set out below in section 12.10.
12.9 The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) the following Cookies:
Name of Cookie – Provider – Purpose
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz – Google Analytics – Monitor popularity of specific pages.
Google Analytics – These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.For more information please view an overview of privacy at Google here: www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
12.10 You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all cookies or only third party cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
12.11 You can choose to delete Cookies at any time however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our Site more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.
12.12 It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
13. SUMMARY OF YOUR RIGHTS UNDER GDPR
Under the GDPR, you have: 13.1 the right to request access to, deletion of or correction of, your personal data held by Us;
13.2 the right to complain to a supervisory authority;
13.3 be informed of what data processing is taking place;
13.4 the right to restrict processing;
13.5 the right to data portability;
13.6 object to processing of your personal data;
To enforce any of the foregoing rights or if you have any other questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us using the details set out in section 15 below.
14. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at info@asianartinlondon.com, by telephone on +44 (0)7388 863976 or by post at ASIAN ART IN LONDON, 21 John Street, London WC1N 2BF. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you (as under section 11, above).
15. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time, or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Asian Art in London has made all reasonable efforts to ensure that all information provided through this website is accurate at the time of inclusion; however, there may be inadvertent and occasional errors.
Asian Art in London makes no representations or warranties about the information provided through this website, including hypertext links or any other items used either directly or indirectly from the Asian Art in London website, and reserves the right to make changes and corrections at any time without notice.
Asian Art in London accepts no liability for any inaccuracies or omissions in the Asian Art in London website and any decisions based on information contained in this website are the sole responsibility of the visitor.
Asian Art in London accepts no liability for any direct, special, indirect, or consequential damages, or any other damages of whatsoever kind, resulting from whatever cause through the use of any information obtained either directly or indirectly from the Asian Art in London website.
PRIVACY
General policy
Asian Art in London respects your privacy. The information that you provide us with helps us to monitor our service and provide you with the services that you have requested. If you have any concerns, questions or comments please email info@asianartinlondon.com.
Email newsletters
Asian Art in London operates email information/leaflets at periodic intervals. These are free to sign up to. What we ask of you is your email address, at times we may ask you for further information, which is used for demographic purposes. We do not give our email lists out to other parties under any circumstances. If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from our newsletter you may do so by emailing info@asianartinlondon.com. Your entry on our database will be removed as promptly as possible.
Surveys
On occasion we may conduct online surveys. This is used to gauge our service, collect demographic information and other information that we may find useful. These surveys are optional. We will not share any of this information with third parties.
Security
While we strive to keep the information that you supply directly or indirectly secure please be aware that the Internet is not a fully secure medium.
Policy changes
By using our site you agree to accept this privacy policy and are aware that our policy may change with time. Any changes to this policy will appear on this web page.
IMAGES
All images are the copyright of Asian Art In London.
Join the Mailing List
Name *FirstLastEmail *Interest(s)ChineseJapaneseKoreanContemporaryExportSoutheast AsianIslamic & Middle EasternIndianHimalayan & Central AsianAbout YouDealerAuction HouseGalleryCollectorStudentOtherGDPR Agreement *I consent to having Asian Art in London store my submitted information for marketing purposes.NameSubmit
Asian Art in London uses cookies in order to deliver a personalised, responsive service and to improve the site. We remember and store information about how you use it using simple text files called cookies which sit on your computer which are completely safe and secure. Read our Privacy Policy to give you more detailed information about your rights and how we use your data.
Accept and close
Exhibitor Log inPress ReleasesPrivacy & TermsGuidebook 2020Contact
Join the newsletter
Email *Name *FirstLastWebsiteSubmit
Asian Art in London, 21 John Street, London, WC1N 2BF