http://www.workstay.com.au/privacy-policy
privacy-policy
Privacy Statement
Workstay respects your privacy and
is committed to protecting
your personal information that you provide to us.
This statement
explains our policies and practices regarding the
use and disclosure of
your personal information by Workstay. Please note that, Workstay reviews and
updates this Privacy Policy from time to
time as needed without notice. Therefore, you should
review the terms
of this policy periodically to make sure that you
are aware of how Workstay collects and uses personal
information. By using our
website, you consent to the collection and use of
your personal
information by Workstay as explained
below.
Use of User Information.
We intend
to use such information for purposes of supporting your and your
employers relationship with Workstay
by designing a website content that is suitable to
your needs and
alerting you to new product and service offerings as
they become
available. This User Information may be retained by
Workstay to verify compliance with the agreement between
Workstay
and your employer, to keep track of the domains from
which people visit
us, to create a user profile to better serve you and
your employer, or
to simply contact you either electronically or
otherwise. If you decide
that we should not use your personal User
Information to contact you,
please let us know and we will not use that
information for such
purpose. However, please do not submit any User
Information if you are
less than 18 years of age.
Disclosure of User Information.
Workstay does not sell, trade or
transfer User Information to third parties. However, we may share User
Information with our business partners for marketing, advertising or
product/service offering purposes. For example, we provide User
Information to our service providers for direct emailing of our
newsletters, online surveys or notifications on Workstay  offerings to our viewers. We also disclose User Information if: we have
your consent; we need to share it in order to provide you with the
products and/or services you requested; we respond to a court order or
you violate our Terms of Use. You may separately agree to provide your
personal information to third parties that provide content for Workstay
Offerings, in order to access and/or use their products and/or
services. If you agree to provide such information to these third
parties, then your personal information will be subject to their
privacy policies.
Accuracy and Security.
The
accuracy and security of the User Information is important to Workstay. Currently, you may review and request updates to your
User Information retained by contacting Workstay. If you
contact us to correct your User Information, we will attempt to correct
such inaccuracies in a timely manner. Workstay
is concerned with the security of your User
Information and is
committed to taking reasonable steps to protect it
from unauthorised
access and use of that personal information. To that
end, we put in
place the appropriate physical, electronic and
managerial policies and
procedures to secure your personal User Information.
We also continue
to implement procedures to maintain accurate,
complete and current User
Information.
Usernames and Passwords.
Access to
certain content on our website may be allowed under a written agreement
between you or your employer and Workstay
and will require a username and/or password. In some
cases, failure to
provide personal information may prevent you from
accessing certain Workstay website(s) containing certain
confidential information, products, services, or promotional offers
("Workstay
Offerings"). By accessing and using our protected
and secured website(s), you agree to maintain the confidentiality of the
username and
password you selected to access such site(s) and
consent to our Terms of Use.
Cookies.
Workstay uses
"cookies". A cookie is a small data file that a website can transfer
to a visitor's hard drive to keep records of the visits to such site. A
cookie contains information such as your username and password that
helps us recognise the pages you have visited and improve future
visits, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is the
information that you provide yourself. A cookie cannot read data off of
your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites.
Information stored in cookies may be encrypted, however, we do not
store your credit card number in cookies. If you prefer not to accept a
cookie, you can set your web browser (Microsoft Internet Explorer or
Netscape Navigator) to warn you before accepting cookies or you can
refuse all cookies by turning them off in your web browser. However,
access to some of our secured website(s) may require the use of
cookies, which you must enable only cookies that get sent back to the
originating server. Otherwise, you can still access most of the
features on our website even without accepting a cookie.
The DoubleClick DART cookie
is used by Google in the ads served on website of its partners (Workstay is a partner of Google adsense),
such as websites displaying AdSense ads or participating in Google
certified ad networks. When users visit a partner's website and either
view or click an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user's browser.
The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help better serve
and manage ads on the publisher's site(s) and across the web.
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to
serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other
sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page.
(Alternatively, you can  opt out of a third-party
vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.)
External Links.
Workstay website provides links to other third party websites. Even if
the third party is affiliated with Workstay through a
business partnership or otherwise, Workstay is not
responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content
of such external links. These links are provided to
you for convenience
purposes only and you access them at your own risk.
Terms of Use.
Please also see our Terms of Use, which describes the restrictions,
disclaimers, indemnification and limitation of liability governing the
use of the entire Workstay website.
General.
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, please contact Workstay
via our Contact Us page.
Jobs and Latest News
Latest news on jobs and travel around Australia
If you have any news regarding backpacker jobs around Australia please drop us a line and we will share it with fellow travellers.
Happy travelling!!!!
Latest News
SKYCITY Darwin casual workers wanted
View more travel jobs
Need Visa Information
Need a visa for Australia
WHV's can ONLY be applied for; before arriving in Australia. Working Holiday Visa's* can only be granted before you arrive in Australia. For
details about applying visit Australia's official website here (www.immi.gov.au) or visit a Travel Agent or an Australian Embassy or Consulate
in the country you are in.
Read More
Need Superannuation Information
If your monthly wage is more than $A450, your employer must contribute an additional sum equal to 9.5% of your wage into a superannuation (pension)
account for you. If you entered Australia on an eligible temporary resident visa you can, in most cases, access your contributions when you
leave Australia, although the contributions will be taxed.
Read More