http://www.longtermparking.com/privacy_policy.html
MY RESERVATIONS
Cancel My Reservation
Cancel My Reservation
Change My Reservation
Change My Reservation
Privacy Policy
The Website www.longtermparking.com is owned and operated by LongTermParking.com of Soquel, California. We
recognize the importance of privacy to you and the other users of the LongTermParking.com services.
LongTermParking.com is providing this notice to explain how we collect, use, disclose and protect the personal
information you submit to us. This Privacy Policy applies only to the use and collection of data collected by us
in the course of providing the Services and does not apply to any other data collected by us online or offline.
In general, you may visit our Website and view the content while remaining anonymous by not providing any
personal information. By using any of the Website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and, if you
provide us your personal information, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as
described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not provide us any information
and do not use the Website.
As used in this Privacy Policy, "we" includes LongTermParking.com of Soquel, CA, and any third-party vendors we
hire to assist in the administration of the Website and/or the processing or handling of customer information
and transactions. These vendors are required to maintain the confidentiality of the user information and are
prohibited from using it for any purpose other than as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
When you reserve a parking space using the LongTermParking.com Website, we collect personal information from
you, including your:
Name, e-mail address, telephone number
Reservation and travel dates information
Our Websites also collect non-identifiable information that becomes available to us as a result of your visit to
any of our Website. This information includes, for example, your IP address (a number automatically assigned to
your computer when you visit the Website, and which is logged by our servers), your Internet Service Provider
("ISP"), your web browser, the type of operating system, the domain name of the Website which links you to our
Websites and the pages you visited while you were using the Websites.
Collection of Personally Identifying Information from or about Children:
The Services are not targeted to children under 13.
Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We share personal information with third parties as necessary to complete a transaction, perform a service on
our behalf (for example, or perform a Service that you have requested (for example, reserving a parking space
with a third-party facility). When the third party acts solely on our behalf, we do not allow them to use your
information for other purposes. Your personal information may be disclosed to our affiliated companies for
internal audit, management, business, marketing, billing and/or administrative purposes. We may also use your
personal information for the following purposes:
Establishment and maintenance of our relationship with you
Responding to your requests and inquiries
Marketing purposes, such as delivering tailored advertising and loyalty programs based upon purchase
histories and other demographic information you may have voluntarily provided to us
Maintaining business records for reasonable periods, and generally managing and administering our
business
Meeting legal, regulatory, insurance, security and processing requirements
Otherwise with your consent
Other Uses
In addition, we may share your personally identifying information with any third party, without your consent or
approval and without notice to you, (i) as permitted or required by law, (ii) to protect and defend the rights
of LongTermParking.com of Soquel, CA, and their employees or any other user of the Services, (iii) as incident
to a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or similar event, (iv) under circumstances we believe
reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety of our employees, users of the Services, the parking
facilities and their customers, or the public, (v) for any reason, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is
reasonable to do so. (vi) to disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action
against someone who may be violating our published policies, (vii) to operate the Services properly, or (viii)
as is otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
LongTermParking.com from time to time uses cookies on our Website. Cookies are small text files that your web
browser leaves on your hard drive to recognize you as a repeat user of our Website, track your use of our
Website and target advertising. This allows for personalization of certain aspects of your visit to our Website.
Information gathered from cookies in this way is only used on an aggregate basis. Unless a visitor specifically
provides their identity to us, ie., by registering at our Website, providing information through an online form
or sending us correspondence from the Website, we will not know who the individual visitors are. We may use
cookies to store preferences; record session information; develop information about Websites visitors
preferences and interests; record past activity at a Website in order to provide better service when you return
to our Website; or customize web page content based on information you voluntarily provide.
You can disable cookies using your Internet browser settings. Please consult your browser's help function for
information on how to disable cookies. Note that if you disable cookies, certain features of our Website may not
function properly.
Security
We have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our
control. While we make reasonable efforts to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we
cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining this
information. You should consider any communication that you transmit to us (such as personally identifiable or
other data, questions or answers, comments, or suggestions) as non-confidential, and agree that neither we nor
any of our underlying service providers shall be liable or responsible if any information about you is
intercepted and used by an unintended recipient.
Access, Correction and Contacting Us
You may contact us at LongTermParking.com@gmail.com if you think any information about you is inaccurate,
incomplete, if you want to change the information about you that we may have collected or if you wish to opt out
of receiving future marketing offers or information from us. If you have questions about anything contained in
this Privacy Statement, including how your personal information is used, please contact us at:
LongTermParking.com of Soquel, CA
E-Mail: LongTermParking.com@gmail.com
Privacy Policy Changes
This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time by us in our sole discretion. Any changes will be effective
upon posting of the revisions at www.longtermparking.com. We may post changes or modifications to referenced
policies and guidelines without your approval, and may determine whether and when any such changes apply to you.
Your use of the Website or the Services following our posting of any changes will constitute your acceptance of
such changes.
This Privacy Policy was last revised on and is effective as of August 1, 2014.