http://www.goboxerrescue.com/v3/privacy_policy.html
Privacy Policy
Follow
@GOBoxerRescue
Tweet
Our
Privacy Policy
Children Under
13:
GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. does
not intend to collect any personal information from anyone
under 13 years of age. If you are under 13, you should not
enter information on any GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. web site and
should ask a parent to do so for you. If you are under 13,
GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. must have express written permission
from a parent before you may use any GO Boxer Rescue, Inc.
site. The authorizing parent must email us at
info@goboxerrescue.com certifying the parent's age and
authority, and giving us express permission to acquire and
retain any such personal information from you as we may
normally obtain from users of any of our sites.
Information
Collection:
GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. does
not collect personally identifiable information about you in
any of its domains except when you specifically provide this
information on a voluntary basis. For example, we might ask
for such information when we run a contest, when you
register for subscription services, submitting emails to the
show, and in connection with content submissions, community
postings (e.g., chat and bulletin boards), surveys, and
voting and polling activities. GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. will
make every effort to ensure that whatever information you
provide will be maintained in a secure environment.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be
guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive
to protect your personal information, GO Boxer Rescue, Inc.
can't ensure or warrant the security of any information you
transmit to us or from our online products or services, and
you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your
transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security
on our systems. When credit card information is transmitted
we use industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer)
encryption.
Information
Sharing:
GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. will
not sell or trade your personally identifiable information
to unaffiliated third parties without your consent at the
time of collection. When we ask for this data, you will have
the opportunity to indicate whether you would like to "opt
out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information
about other products, services, and offerings from GO Boxer
Rescue, Inc. and/or any third parties. You can also opt out
at anytime thereafter.
GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. may
disclose user information in special cases when we have
reason to believe that disclosing this information is
necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against
someone who may be causing injury to or interference with
(either intentionally or unintentionally) GO Boxer Rescue,
Inc.' rights or property, other GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. users,
or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. GO
Boxer Rescue, Inc. may disclose user information when we
believe in good faith that the law requires it.
Information
Use:
GO Boxer Rescue, Inc.
reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user
behavior and characteristics. We do this in order to measure
interest in and use of the various areas of our Web sites.
We may share this information with advertisers. We may also
use this information to let advertisers know how many
visitors have seen their banners and how many have clicked
on them. GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. will provide only aggregated
data from these analyses to third parties; advertisers will
not be able to identify any individual from these analyses.
GO Boxer Rescue, Inc.
collects IP addresses for system administration, record
keeping, and advertising reporting. Your IP address is
automatically assigned to your computer when you use the
World Wide Web. GO Boxer Rescue, Inc.' servers record
incoming IP addresses. The IP addresses are analyzed only in
aggregate; no connection is made between you and your
computer's IP address. By tracking IP addresses, we can
determine which sites refer the most people to GO Boxer
Rescue, Inc.. (Think of an IP address like your zip code; it
tells us in general terms where you're from.)
You should be very cautious
when you voluntarily disclose personal information (for
example, name or e-mail address) on bulletin boards, in chat
areas, or the upload areas of any GO Boxer Rescue, Inc.
site. That information, along with any other information you
may disclose in your posting, can be collected, correlated,
and used by third parties, and may result in unsolicited
messages from other posters or third parties. Such
activities are beyond the control of GO Boxer Rescue, Inc..
Cookies:
You should be aware that
non-personal information and data may be automatically
collected through the standard operation of GO Boxer Rescue,
Inc.' Internet servers or through the use of "cookies."
"Cookies" are small text files a Web site can use to
recognize repeat users. GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. uses cookies
to recognize visitors and more quickly provide personalized
content or grant you unimpeded access to registered areas of
our Web sites. With cookies enabled, you will not need to
fill in password or contact information, should areas of our
sites ask for this information.
Information gathered through
cookies also helps us measure use of our sites. Cookie data
allow us to track usage behavior and compile data that we
can use to improve the site and target advertising. This
data will be used in aggregate form; no specific users will
be tracked.
GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. does
not use cookies to uniquely identify you, except where such
use helps us to make your visit more efficient. Cookies help
you travel through our sites efficiently.
Generally, cookies work by
assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning
outside of the Web site that he or she is visiting.
Sometimes, advertisers or third parties hosting data for GO
Boxer Rescue, Inc. will issue cookies. GO Boxer Rescue, Inc.
cannot control the use of these cookies or the information
that they gather.
You can easily turn off
cookies. Most browsers have a feature that allows the user
to refuse cookies or issues a warning when cookies are being
sent. Remember, though, cookies may be necessary to provide
you with certain features available on GO Boxer Rescue,
Inc.' sites. Some areas of our sites may not function
properly without cookies. Enabling cookies ensures a smooth,
efficient visit to our sites.
Opting Out:
Upon request, GO Boxer
Rescue, Inc. will allow any user to opt out of further
promotional contacts at any time. Additionally upon request,
GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. will use reasonable efforts to allow
users to update or correct personal information previously
submitted which you may say is erroneous, to the extent that
changing the data will not compromise privacy or security
interests. Also, upon your request, GO Boxer Rescue, Inc.
will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally
delete you and your personal information from our database;
however, it may be impossible to delete all of your
information without some residual data because of backups
and records of deletions. Furthermore, your e-mail address
will be added to a suppression list that stops any message
directed to you before it leaves GO Boxer Rescue, Inc.. It
is your responsibility, however, to make certain that we
have your most current e-mail address.
Should you wish to opt out
of any mailing from GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. or a mailing you
received through information provided to a third party
affiliate, please contact GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. list
maintenance.
Links to Other
Sites:
GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. may
from time to time offer links to other sites from sites
within the GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. domain. GO Boxer Rescue,
Inc. has no control over these external sites or their
content, and cannot be held responsible for any actions they
may take or any information they might collect. You may
arrive at one of these sites through clicking on a banner
advertisement, as part of a co-branding arrangement, or
simply by selecting a link on a GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. web
page. These sites might issue their own cookies or collect
data or personal information. Use caution when visiting an
external site.
GO Boxer
Rescue, Inc. Security Policy:
GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. is
aware of your privacy concerns and strives to collect only
as much data as is required to make your Internet and/or
product use experience as efficient and satisfying as
possible, in the most unobtrusive manner as possible.
The foregoing policies are
effective as of January 1, 2003. GO Boxer Rescue, Inc.
reserves the right to change this policy at any time. By
using this site, you signify your assent to the GO Boxer
Rescue, Inc. Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this
policy, please do not use our sites. Your continued use of
the GO Boxer Rescue, Inc. sites following the posting of
changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
This statement and the policies outlined herein are not
intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal
rights in or on behalf of any party.