http://www.allambeecamp.com.au/privacy-policy/
This Privacy Policy has been published to provide a clear and concise outline of how and when personal information is collected, disclosed, used, stored and otherwise handled by Allambee Camp. The Policy relates to personal information collected by any means and by any technology.
1. Collection of Personal Information
Personal information is information or opinion from which an individual’s identity may be ascertained. The nature of personal information collected by Allambee Camp generally comprises an individual’s name and contact details (including address, phone, fax and e-mail).
Allambee Camp does not collect personal information unless it is necessary for Allambee Camp to perform one or more of its functions and activities.
Allambee Camp will destroy personal information when it is no longer required for such functions and activities.
Allambee Camp will generally collect personal information from you directly.
2. Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Allambee Camp will use and disclose your personal information for the purpose for which the personal information was initially collected.
Allambee Camp may also use that personal information for a purpose related to the initial purpose of collection if that other purpose would be within your reasonable expectations. Related purposes might include internal auditing and administration, adding your name to a contact list, guest list or invitation list or helping us to identify production and broadcast activities which may be of benefit or interest to you.
Allambee Camp will not use or disclose your personal information for any other purposes without first obtaining your express or implied consent. Allambee Camp may however be required to disclose your personal information without your consent if the disclosure is:
required or authorised by law;
required in order to investigate an unlawful activity;
required by an enforcement body for investigative activities; or necessary to prevent a serious and imminent threat to a person’s life, health or safety, or to public health or safety.
Generally, Allambee Camp will retain your personal information within Australia and not use or disclose it overseas. However, on some occasions the information may need to be transferred overseas in order to perform one of the Allambee Camp`s functions or activities. In these circumstances, Allambee Camp will either obtain your express or implied consent or will use its best endeavors to ensure that your personal information will receive protection similar to that which it would have if the information were in Australia.
3. Direct marketing
From time to time Allambee Camp may send you information regarding functions or activities.
If you do not wish to receive direct marketing information, please let Allambee Camp  know. Allambee Camp will take immediate steps to ensure that you do not receive any direct marketing information in future.
4. Changes to this Policy
Allambee Camp may change this Policy from time to time for any reason and will update the Policy accordingly.
Only 2 hours from Melbourne
Allambee Camp is situated in the West Gippsland Region, an easy 130km (1 3/4 hr) drive from Melbourne CBD. A truly unique and peaceful location atop the Strzelecki Ranges! Allambee Camp is set on nine acres, with the addition of 40 acres of forest to explore.
Contact us now!