https://www.knotts.com/help/frequently-asked-questions
Skip to Main Content
Due to new stay-at-home requirements issued by the state of California, Knott’s Taste of Merry Farm has been cancelled beginning 12/11 through 12/26. Learn More.
Skip to Next Section
Frequently Asked Questions
Skip to Next Section
Have some questions about all the fun you can have at Knott's Berry Farm? You've come to the right place. Here's a list of some of the most common questions we hear from our guests. Take a look and see if you find what you're looking for.
Skip to Next Section
Season Pass
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
Payment Options
To change your Season Pass Easy Pay billing option or view your Easy Pay payment schedule, please visit the Payment Portal to update your Season Pass Easy Pay billing option and view your payment schedule.
Upgrade Season Pass
Please visit any ticket booth, the Information Center or the Guest Relations Window to upgrade your Season Pass to a Gold Season Pass or Platinum Season Pass. Season Passes are not able to be upgraded online.
Process New Pass
Take your Season Pass e-ticket to any turnstile at the gate to process and receive your Season Pass ID card. If you purchased a Gold or Platinum pass, you can take your e-ticket to any turnstile at either Knott’s Berry Farm or Soak City Waterpark to receive your pass ID card. Processing at Soak City is only available on regular operating days during the season.
Lost Season Pass
Please visit the Information Center or Guest Relations Window to receive a new Season Pass card. The replacement cost is $15. We also offer a free one-day temporary pass that is a great option if you temporarily misplace your Season Pass (Only two temporary passes are allowed per Season Pass per year). If you have your Season Pass number, you can add it to the Knott's Berry Farm mobile app and use the digital Season Pass for entry.
Pass Expiration Date
Knott's Season Passes are valid any public operating day January 1 through December 31 in the year for which you have purchased your pass. Season Passes are not valid for Knott’s Scary Farm admission, park buyouts, or special ticket events.
Add-On Pass Items
You can add both All Season Dining and All Season Parking to your Season Pass after you purchase by visiting the upgrade section of the store. Please note that All Season Dining and All Season Parking can only be part of an easy pay payment plan if purchased at the same time as your Season Pass. They are not able to be added to an easy payment plan after a Season Pass has been purchased. The full price will be charged at the time of purchase.
https://www.knotts.com/tickets-passes/season-passes
Why Purchase a Pass?
Knott's Berry Farm Season Passes offer the Best Value In Southern California. Every Season Pass includes unlimited visits during the calendar year in which it was purchased with no blackout dates, exclusive dining and merchandise discounts and admission to every Season of Fun! The Gold Season Pass includes unlimited visits to both Knott's Berry Farm and Knott's Soak City. Fun is always in season at Knott’s Berry Farm with 5 Seasons of Fun events throughout the year! For more info and to purchase please visit our Season Passes page.
Need Assistance
We're sorry you didn't find your answer. Our Guest Services team can be reached at (714) 220-5200 from 9 AM - 6 PM Pacific Time. Hold times may be in excess of 30 minutes during periods of high call volume. Guest Services may also be reached by contacting us online. Please allow up to two business days for a reply through email.
Skip to Next Section
Plan a Visit
We are excited about your visit! How can we help plan your next trip?
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
How much is parking?
Standard Parking for Autos and Motorcycles: $20*
Buses and RVs: $25* (Download Bus Parking Information)
All Season Parking can be added to a Season Pass for as low as $70!
*Parking prices for Knott's Scary Farm and other special events may be different.
How do I book a group visit to the park?
We encourage you to visit the Group Sales Ticket section of this website to learn more about our programs. Feel free to submit a Group Sales Information request or contact Guest Services.
Parking Re-Entry
Reentry is not permitted into the parking lots for single day parking passes or All Season Parking.
Marketplace Parking
California Marketplace parking lot offers free parking for up to 1 hour. Each additional half hour or portion is $10 each with a maximum daily charge of $30. All lost tickets will be charged $30. An additional 2 hours of free parking is available with a validated ticket and receipt showing an $18 or more minimum purchase from any California Marketplace restaurant or shop. Guests with a disabled placard may park all-day in the California Marketplace for $20. All-Season Parking is not valid without a disabled person placard.
Directions
Knott's Berry Farm is located about 20 minutes away from Downtown Los Angeles, California at:
8039 Beach Boulevard
Buena Park CA 90620
Learn more about directions.
Park Hours
Knott's Berry Farm is open every day of the year except Christmas Day. Please visit the calendar page for a list of hours. Knott's Soak City is open seasonally from late May - early September. Please visit the Knott's Soak City page for hours and more information.
Hotel
For room rates, booking information and event opportunities visit the Knott's Berry Farm Hotel page.
What can I bring?
Unopened and empty water bottles, baby food and food for guests with special dietary restrictions are permitted. No other outside food, drink or snack items are permitted in Knott's Berry Farm or Knott's Soak City. Items not allowed in the park include radios, stereos, luggage, and large coolers (Larger than 1’x1’x1’). Wagons used as strollers are allowed. All guests, bags, parcels and other items are subject to inspection, including metal detection or other screening measures. Still have a question? Contact us.
Lost and Found
Please submit an online Lost and Found report. A Guest Service Associate will contact you if your item is located.
Stroller Rentals
Single strollers, double-seat strollers, manual wheelchairs and electric wheelchairs are available inside Ghost Town next to the Geode Shop. Rentals are offered on a first-come, first served basis for a minimal daily charge, plus deposit. Electric wheelchairs are not available during Knott's Scary Farm. Quantities are limited and do sell out. A limited amount of electric wheelchairs are available. Reservations must be made at least 24 hours in advance. For reservations and questions please contact (714) 220-5495.
Locker Rentals
Different size lockers are available inside the park near Ghost Rider in Ghost Town for a rental fee of $15 - $25 depending on locker size.
Wheelchair and ESV Rentals
Manual wheelchairs and electric wheelchairs are available inside Ghost Town next to the Geode Shop. Rentals are offered on a first-come, first served basis for a minimal daily charge, plus deposit. Electric wheelchairs are not available during Knott's Scary Farm. Quantities are limited and do sell out. A limited amount of electric wheelchairs are available. Reservations must be made at least 24 hours in advance. For reservations and questions please contact (714) 220-5495.
ATM Locations
There are six ATMs at Knott's Berry Farm. They are located: outside the Main Entrance near the ticket booths, at Lee's Last Stop Service store near Xcelerator, inside Classic Candy near the Charleston Fountain in the Boardwalk area, at Peppermint Patty's Candy Cabin in Camp Snoopy, inside the General Store in Ghost Town and at Emporium in the California Marketplace.
Baby Resources
Baby-changing and nursing stations are available in the California MarketPlace® and Camp Snoopy.
First Aid
First Aid is available at the First Aid Center in Ghost Town. Nurses are on duty during Park operating hours.
Wi-Fi
Yes, free Wi-Fi is available throughout the Knott's Berry Farm theme park.
Skip to Next Section
Rides
From big thrills of Silver Bullet and Xcelerator to the little thrills of Camp Snoopy, Knott's Berry Farm has the kind of fun you are looking! What additional information are you looking for?
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
Ride List
For a complete list of Thrill, Family and Kid rides visit our rides list.
Height Requirements
Visit the Ride Information page to find height requirements for each ride. For more detailed information, including information for expectant mothers and physical requirements for each ride visit the accessibility information page.
Scheduled Ride Closures
For a list of scheduled ride closures, visit our scheduled ride closures page. Please note that information is subject to change without notice. Individual rides not listed may occasionally close.
Skip to Next Section
Food
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
Dining Deals
Hungry for savings? Try one of our money-saving dining plans and enjoy a variety of over 50 meal options at participating locations throughout the park. Choose from the All Season Dining Plan, All Day Dining Plan or Single Meal Deal. Visit our Drink & Dining Deals page for more information.
Drink Plan
Enjoy refreshing beverages all day or all season with a drink plan. Learn more about drink plans on our Drink & Dining Deals page.
Replace Lost Bottle
You can replace a lost or damaged Souvenir Bottle if it is associated with a Season Pass. There is a $5.00 charge for replacing an All Season Souvenir Bottle. Souvenir bottles not associated to a Season Pass cannot be deactivated or replaced. Visit any Souvenir Bottle location for assistance.
Change Drink Plan
There is a $2.99 charge to change from the All Season Souvenir Bottle to the Season Pass 16 oz Cup Drink Plan. Souvenir bottles not associated to a Season Pass cannot be deactivated or replaced.
Dining Locations
A day at Knott's can work up quite an appetite. That's why you'll find tempting treats and restaurants throughout the park. Pizza, chicken, salads, burgers and more! For location information and menu items visit our Dining Locations page.
Dietary Needs
Knott's offers several options and alternatives for guests with special dietary needs and food allergies. Learn more by visiting our Dietary Needs page.
Skip to Next Section
Entertainment
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
Live Entertainment Times
For our current show and live entertainment schedule, please visit our Shows and Live Entertainment page.
Skip to Next Section
Ticket Challenges
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
Printing Issues
No need to panic. You can have your tickets printed for you at any available ticket booth located at the Front Gate, after passing through the security screening. Please present your order confirmation number and a photo ID.
Wrong Ticket Type
If you purchased tickets for the incorrect date from knotts.com, please repurchase the correct tickets and we will refund the original order. Once the new order has been placed, please send the confirmation number that needs to be refunded and the new confirmation number by contacting us. If the tickets were not purchased directly from knotts.com, we are unable to refund or replace them. Please contact the company you purchased the tickets from for more information about their refund policy and instructions.
Purchased Wrong Date
If you purchased tickets for the incorrect date from knotts.com, please repurchase the correct tickets and we will refund the original order. Once the new order has been placed, please send the confirmation number that needs to be refunded and the new confirmation number by contacting us. If the tickets were not purchased directly from knotts.com, we are unable to refund or replace them. Please contact the company you purchased the tickets from for more information about their refund policy and instructions.
Expired Tickets
Your tickets will technically expire on the day you purchase them for, but you can apply the value of the expired tickets to new tickets. The cost is the difference between what you paid for your ticket and the cost of a ticket when you visit. Many times there is no difference in price, but sometimes there will be a small few dollar difference. Please visit the Information Center or Guest Relations window to receive a non-expired ticket.
Find Confirmation
Your order confirmation number is contained in the email receipt that is sent to you after your purchase. If you are unable to locate that email or did not receive that email, please visit the online store, click on the upper-left menu button of the store pop-up window and click on the "Order Lookup" button located in the bottom of the menu.
Skip to Next Section
Miscellaneous Questions
Let's see if we can help you find an answer!
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
Are tickets required?
Yes, all guests entering the park are required to have a valid admission ticket or Season Pass. In addition to rides, Knott's Berry Farm offers live entertainment, educational experiences, dining, and many other fun activities throughout the park. Shopper's Passes (no charge for 45 minutes) are available at the Guest Relations Window with a deposit equal to general admission for guests to shop in the park.
Are pets allowed?
Animals are not allowed inside the Park with the exception of service animals and Snoopy.
Is smoking allowed?
For the convenience of all our guests, smoking of any kind, including vapor and e-cigarettes, is only permitted in the designated smoking area near the park’s main entrance. Please refer to our map for the specific location. Smoking is not permitted inside Knott's Berry Farm. Thank you for your cooperation.
Safety Procedures
Safety of our guests and associates is our number one priority. Guests arriving at the park will go through metal detection every public operating day. All bags, purses, backpacks, waist packs, etc. will be examined prior to entering. Sharp objects (including pocket knives and metal chains), firearms, or other items that could be considered a weapon are strictly prohibited and should be left at home or secured in your vehicle. Knott’s does not tolerate guests who fight and/or harass other guests while on our property.
Feedback
Great guest service is one of our highest priorities at Knott's Berry Farm. Please email guestcomments@knotts.com to provide feedback about your visit. Feedback about a recent visit is not able to be taken over the phone or through social media. Please allow our team up to five business days to research and properly respond to your request. The email address is designed only for feedback and should not be used to submit questions or other inquiries.
Contact Us
We're sorry you couldn't find the answer to what you were looking for. Guest Services may be reached by contacting us online. Please allow up to two business days for a reply through email.
Hiring Information
Come join the Knott's Berry Farm team! We are hiring for a variety of professional and seasonal job opportunities. With so many jobs to choose from, we are sure to have one that is right for you! Visit our Job Portal to learn more.
Media and PR
Knott’s Berry Farm is happy to assist credentialed members of the media in producing superior news stories, programs and features that contain timely and up-to-date information. Please visit the Knott's Berry Farm Media Center for more information.
Donations
Please visit the Donations page for more information.
Birthday Celebrations
Guests celebrating their birthday at Knott's Berry Farm can receive a free birthday button by visiting the Guest Relations Center across from the exit of GhostRider in Ghost Town. The special buttons help us wish a "Happy Birthday" to guests celebrating their special day. Special discounts on tickets are not offered.  Birthday parties with at least 50 guests or more can be booked by contacting our Group Sales Team at (714) 220-5163  or groupsales@knotts.com. Smaller parties are not able to be accommodated.
What procedures do you have in place to minimize the spread of illness amongst your guests?
We are strict and thorough in the steps we take and the processes we use to keep our properties safe and promote a healthy environment. To protect our guests and associates and prevent the spread of illness, we employ rigorous sanitation standards and robust cleaning procedures, including:
Extensive training for associates on maintaining a safe and hygienic workplace and environment for our guests
Appropriate personal protective clothing and gear for associates who are assigned for cleaning duties
Specified intervals for frequent cleaning and disinfection of targeted areas throughout the day
Procedures for cleaning and disinfection of areas throughout the day and where illness has been suspected or reported
Quick response to spills, trash, and other situations
Daily sanitation procedures, for everything from bathroom faucets and sinks to kitchen and dining surfaces, benches and trash cans
Daily cleaning and “wash down” of outdoors locations, including walkways and queue lines
Guest and associate first aid locations to assist with minor health issues.
We maintain close relationships with local, state, national, and international public health authorities, and take their guidance when additional preventive measures are needed.
Skip to Next Section
Knott's Soak City Waterpark
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
Purchase Tickets
Tickets to Knott's Soak City can be purchased online on our Knott's Soak City Tickets page.
Calendar and Hours
You can find Knott's Soak City hours on our Calendar page.
Rental Info
Relax and enjoy the privacy of your own cabana. A limited number of exclusive cabanas are available each day and often sell out. For more information and to reserve your cabana, please visit our Cabanas page. Inner tubes are available free of charge at each attraction that requires a tube in order to ride. Inner tubes must remain at the attraction after riding. If you would like the ultimate fun in the sun, personal inner tubes can be rented for the duration of your day from the Tube Rental stand.
Attractions Information
The park now boasts a total of 23 speed, tube and body slides plus the 750,000-gallon Tidal Wave Bay wave pool; the one-third-mile Sunset River; and the three-story Beach House, featuring 200 water guns, nozzles, sprayers and other interactive surprises. The water park also features Gremmie Lagoon, a hands-on water playground for younger kids and families. To learn more, visit our Knott's Soak City attractions page.
Dining
Longboard's Grill and Portside Pizza have a wide variety of food offerings. Learn more about food items and meal plan options on our Knott's Soak City attractions page.
What can I bring?
Outside food and/or beverages, glass containers, and coolers are restricted from entering. Small hand-held coolers not exceeding 12"x18" in size will be allowed that contain water bottles and sports drinks only. Soak City offers food venues to meet all tastes. Options include Hamburgers, Hot Dogs, Fries, Pizza, Sub Sandwiches, Salads, Chicken Tenders and a variety of Gluten Free and Vegetarian options. A variety of beverage products are served at each food venue. Food and Drink Carts are also located throughout the park.
Park Rules
To ensure the safest experience for all guests during their visit, please visit our Water Park Information and Guidelines page to review all rules that are in effect. We appreciate your cooperation in this regard.