http://www.farmallcub.com/fc/policy
skip to content
W3C
SVG
Site Privacy & Polcies
Privacy & Policies Statement for the Farmall Cub Web site
Mission Statement:
To provide a world wide gathering place for IH / Farmall tractor enthusiast. A place where all are treated equal and ideas are shared freely.
Copyrighted Material
The FarmallCub.Com Logo and Banner are copyrighted property of FarmallCub.Com and are not to be used with out express written permission of Dennis L. Raney.
Photos submitted by members of FarmallCub.Com retain all copyright and licensing of their personally created images and drawings. Submission of material to FarmallCub.Com implies ownership of said material and grants a limited license to Dennis L. Raney for the purposes of displaying the material on FarmallCub.Com. Owners may request submitted material be removed at anytime, however, final determination of removal is at the sole discretion of the site operator by taking into account possible breakage of the flow of content on the site. Before utilizing user submitted material in any manner, please contact the owner of said material for permission.
Advertising Policy:
Advertising space sold on this web site is to provide additional funding to the web site so that it can continue to provide a FREE place for all Cub owners to gather and share information about these wonderful tractors.
Interested in supporting FarmallCub.Com? Send your inquiries to cub@farmallcub.com
Privacy Statement:
The Farmall Cub web site does not maintain any mailing lists or other information about its visitors.
However, the Farmall Cub web site cannot prevent webbots and other individuals from gleaning email addresses from our site. Visitor must realize that this occurs on virtually any web site where they post messages and their email addresses.
The message board system does use “cookies” to maintain it’s “new” message listings and also to recall the visitors name. You may disable this feature in the message board if you so desire. No other information is provided to the Farmall Cub web site from this software. If you have further questions about phpBB software, you may contact the author directly. His web site is listed at the bottom of the message board page.
Important Information Regarding Google Ads displayed on the site:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Classified Ads:
The Farmall Cub web sites provides an advertising board for the use of its
visitors. We, the Farmall Cub web site take no responsibility for any advertised items listed. Please use your best judgment when dealing with the advertisers.
Please refer all questions you may have about these policies to: cub@farmallcub.com