https://www.beamsuntory.com/en/terms-and-conditions
search
close
About
Brands
Culture
Diversity and Inclusion
Growing For Good
Careers
close
NEWS
TERMS OF USE FOR THIS WEBSITE
LAST UPDATED: January 31, 2020
Permitted Users of this Website:
This website (this “Website”) is intended to be used and accessed by people who are of legal age to purchase and consume alcohol. If you are of legal age in your country/State of residence and the country/State from which you are accessing this Website, please continue. If you are not, please exit this Website immediately.
Acceptance of these Terms of Use:
ThisWebsite is owned and operated by Beam Suntory, Inc., its subsidiaries and/or affiliates (“Company”, “we” or “us”). These terms of use are entered into by and between Company and you.  The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference (collectively, these “Terms of Use”) are an electronic record providing the terms and conditions for your access to and use of this Website.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before you start to use this Website.BY ACCESSING AND USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND AND ABIDE BY THESE TERMS OF USE AND OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
Changes tothese Terms of Use and this Website:
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or update these Terms of Use from time to time with immediate effect. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically for updates.Any of the material on this Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Accessing this Website and Account Security:
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on this Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of this Website, or the entire Website, to users,
To access this Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain information. It is a condition of your use of this Website that all the information you provide on this Website is correct, current, and complete. You agree that all information you provide to access or use this Website or otherwise, including, but not limited to, through the use of any interactive features on this Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password, or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Website or portions of it using your user name, password, or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.
We have the right to disable any user name, password, or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use.
Rights to Contents:
ThisWebsite and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including but not limited to all information, names, logos, trademarks, service marks, slogans, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement thereof) are owned by Company, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietaryrights laws.  Your use of this Website does not grant you any right, title, interest or license to any such intellectual property appearing on this Website. Any unauthorized use of the content of this Website may subject you to civil or criminal penalties.
These Terms of Use permit you to use this Website for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not copy, reproduce, post on any other website, republish, upload, encode, modify, translate, publicly perform or display, commercially exploit, distribute or transmit any material on thisWebsite or make any derivative works from this Website in any way without Company’s express prior written consent, except as follows:
· You may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of this Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication, or distribution.
· If we provide desktop, mobile, or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for such applications.
· If we provide social media features with certain content, you may take such actions as are enabled by such features.
If you copy or download any information from this Website in accordance with, and to the extent permitted by these Terms of Use, you must not:
· Modify copies of any materials from this site.
· Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences, or any graphics separately from the accompanying text.
· Delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this site.
You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of this Website or any services or materials available through this Website.
If you wish to make any use of material on this Website that set out in this section, please address your request to: copyright@beamsuntory.com
If you print, copy, modify, download, or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of thisWebsite in breach of these Terms of Use, your right to use this Website will stop immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title, or interest in or to this Website or any content on this Website is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by Company. Any use of this Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.
Trademarks:
Company name, the terms, and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans are trademarks of Company or licensors. You must not use such marks without the prior written consent of Company. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans on this Website are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Prohibited Uses:
You may use this Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use this Website:
· In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local, or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
· To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use, or re-use any material that does not comply with the content standards set out below in These Terms of Use.
· To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any "junk mail," "chain letter," "spam," or any other similar solicitation.
· To impersonate or attempt to impersonate Company, a Company employee, another user, or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using email addresses associated with any of the foregoing).
· To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of this Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm Company or users of this Website, or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
· Establish a link to this Website without prior written consent of Company.
· Use this Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party's use of this Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through this Website.
· Use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access this Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on this Website.
· Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on this Website, or for any other purpose not expressly authorized in these Terms of Use, without our prior written consent.
· Use any device, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of this Website.
· Introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful.
· Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of this Website, the server on which this Website is stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to this Website.
· Attack this Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
· Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Website.
User Contributions:
This Website may contain message boards, chat rooms, forums, bulletin boards, reviews and other interactive features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow users to post, submit, publish, display, or transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, “post”) content or materials (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through this Website.
All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
Any User Contribution you post to this Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing any User Contribution on this Website, you grant us and our service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors, and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute, and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material.
You represent and warrant that:
· You own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant the license granted above to us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors, and assigns.
· All of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use.
You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not Company, have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness.
We are not responsible or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other user of this Website.
Monitoring, Enforcement and Termination:
We have the right to:
· Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
· Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Contribution violates these Terms of Use, including the Content Standards, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of this Website or the public, or could create liability for Company.
· Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
· Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of this Website.
· Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of this Website forany or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use.
· Cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through this Website.
We do not undertake to review material before it is posted on this Website and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
Content Standards:
These content standards apply to any and all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:
· Contain any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable.
· Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age.
· Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.
· Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
· Be likely to deceive any person.
· Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote, or assist any unlawful act.
· Impersonate any person, misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
· Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes, and other sales promotions, barter, or advertising.
· Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
· Encourage excessive, inappropriate or irresponsible alcohol consumption.
Reliance on Information on this Website:
The information presented on or through this Website is made available solely for general information purposes. Company does not promise that this site or any content, service or feature of the site will be error-free or uninterrupted, or that any defects will be corrected, or that your use of the site will provide specific results.  Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to this Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
This Website may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users, bloggers, and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators, and/or reporting services. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by Company, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of Company. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.
Information About You and Your Visits to this Website:
All information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy Policy. By using this Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
Links from this Website
This Website may provide, as a convenience to you, links to sites owned or operated by parties other than Company. Each linked to website has its own terms and conditions of use, as described in that site's legal notice/terms of use. If this Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
Disclaimer of Warranties:
YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT, AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THIS WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT, AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER COMPANY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH COMPANY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THIS WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER COMPANY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH COMPANY REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THIS WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT, OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR WEBSITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT THIS WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Limitation on Liability:
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES, OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT, ANY CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.  In no event shall the total liability of company to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract or tort, including, but not limited to, negligence or otherwise) arising from these terms and conditions or your use of thiswebSite exceed, in the aggregate ($100.00) U.S. dollar.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW
Indemnification:
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Company, its affiliates, licensors, and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors, and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of this Website, including, but not limited to, your User Contributions, any use of this Website's content, services, and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use, or your use of any information obtained from this Website.
Governing Law; Void Where Prohibited:
All matters relating to this Website and these Terms of Use, and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Website may be viewed internationally and may contain references to products or services not available in all countries. References to a particular product or services do not imply that they are appropriate or available to all persons of legal purchasing age in all locations, or that Company intends to make such products or services available in such countries.Any offer for any product, feature or made on this Website is void where prohibited.
Limitation on Time to File Claims:
ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THIS WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES; OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Waiver and Severability:
No waiver by Company of any term or condition set out in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement:
These Terms of Use (including our Privacy Policy)constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Companyregarding this Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, regarding this Website.
On-Line Stores; Promotions:
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods or services and to specific portions or features of this Website, including but not limited to contests, sweepstakes, invitations, or other similar features (each an “Application”), all of which additional terms and conditions are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. You agree to abide by such Application terms and conditions. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms of the Application, the terms of the Application will control as relating to the Application.
Copyright Notice:
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide a Notice with the following information to this Website’s Copyright Agent:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on this Website;
Your address, telephone number and e-mail address;
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, it’s agent or the law; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Beam Suntory’s Copyright Agent for Notice is:
Beam Suntory Copyright Agent
Beam Suntory Inc.
Merchandise Mart
222 W. Merchandise Mart Plaza
Suite 1600
Chicago, IL 60654
Phone: +1 (312) 964 6999
E-mail: copyright@beamsuntory.com