https://www.cortinaownersclub.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Ford Cortina Mark II (Mk2)
cortinaownersclub
Ford Cortina Mark III (Mk3)
cortinaownersclub
Ford Cortina Mark IV (Mk4)
cortinaownersclub
Ford Cortina Mark V (Mk5)
cortinaownersclub
Ford Cortina GT
cortinaownersclub
Ford Cortina Lotus Mk1
cortinaownersclub
Ford Cortina Lotus Mk2
cortinaownersclub
Privacy Policy
At the site www.cortinaownersclub.co.uk, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that is received and collected by www.cortinaownersclub.co.uk and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.cortinaownersclub.co.uk makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.cortinaownersclub.co.uk.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to www.cortinaownersclub.co.uk and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Our third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.cortinaownersclub.co.uk send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.cortinaownersclub.co.uk has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.cortinaownersclub.co.uk’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Products of the Month
Ford Cortina Chronicles September 1962 – Debut Ford Cortina Mark I model was launched. Originally, the model was supposed to be Ford Consul 325. The name was changed in the favor of inspirational Italian ski resort Cortina d’Ampezzo. Ford Cortina Mark I was designed to become an inexpensive family car to run in Britain.
February 1963 – Due to the joint work of Ford and Lotus, Lotus Cortina with high-powered, twin-cam version of the Ford engine, suspension tweaks and steering modifications, as well as the use of aluminum body panels to save weight appeared. The car was developed with the aim to bring Ford company success in the highly competitive Group 2 Touring Car series.
1964 – Ford Cortina GT with Australian race car driver Ian “Pete” Geoghegan behind the wheel won the Australian Touring Car Championship. The same year, Jim Clark behind the wheel of Cortina Lotus won the British Saloon Car Championship.
1966 – A new version of the Cortina, the Mark II model was released. The car with more interior space and some other improvements was released with the slogan “New Cortina is more Cortina”. The next year, the Mark II became the most popular car in Britain.
1967 – The first Lotus Cortina Mark II model was released. In comparison to Lotus Cortina Mark I, the Mark II model was made exactly at Dagenham, alongside the other Cortinas.
1970 – The biggest selling car in Britain, Ford Cortina Mark III was revealed. With the course of time, even nearly 50 years after its first release, the Mark III became one of the rarest and desired models ever produced by Ford of Britain.
1976 – Ford Cortina Mark IV with a renewed body and some other improvements was introduced. During the period between 1976 and 1979, the Mark IV was the most popular British car.
August 1979 – The Mark V, officially known as “Cortina 80”, the final model of the Ford Cortina, was announced. The model was produced until 1982.
July 22, 1982 – The very last Cortina, a silver Crusader, rolled off the Dagenham production line. Nevertheless, there were a few Cortinas left to be produced in 1987.
The one final unregistered Cortina GL left a Derbyshire dealership in 2005. To this day, it still remains in existence. The last Cortina built now belongs to the Ford Heritage Centre in Dagenham, Essex, a place situated not far from the factory it was produced.
SHARE
Privacy Policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy