https://www.adventures-abroad.com/terms-and-conditions
Travel within Canada
Vancouver Yacht Charters
Student Travel
CALL US:  1-800-665-3998
Destinations
Special Offers About Us
News
Book Online Resources
Contact
Search
Destination
CENTRAL AMERICA & CARIBBEAN
NORTH AMERICA
SOUTH AMERICA
CENTRAL EUROPE
EASTERN EUROPE
WESTERN EUROPE
EAST AFRICA
MIDDLE EAST
NORTH & WEST AFRICA
SOUTHERN AFRICA
OCEANIA & SOUTH PACIFIC
CENTRAL ASIA & FAR EAST
SOUTH ASIA
SOUTHEAST ASIA
See all Destinations
Special Offers
Ecuador
Iceland
Madagascar
Turkey
About Us
President's Message
How We Travel
Trip Styles
Flights
Tour Leaders
Accreditations
Reward Program
Careers
Client Testimonials
Order Catalogue
News
Current Newsletter
Newsletter Subscribe
Blog
Book Online
Resources
Price Book
Travel Insurance
Privacy Policy
Terms And Conditions
Our Partners
Airline Partners
Passports & Visas
Useful Travel Tips
Safety Notices
FAQ
Contact
Covid-19 update: Review our new Tour Care & Safety Protocols How to contact us during Covid-19
Terms And Conditions
SEARCH TOUR
The below are our long-standing terms and conditions governing tours under normal operating conditions.
Any special promotions/exceptions to the below terms can be viewed here.
Adventures Abroad Worldwide Travel is a Canadian tour operator based in Richmond, British Columbia.
+Reservations And Deposits
The easiest way to make a reservation is to contact us by telephone. You can also book online through our website.
A non-refundable $500 deposit is payable at the time of booking; if a reservation is made within 60 days, full payment is required. Some trips require a larger deposit. If international airline bookings require a non-refundable payment in order to secure space or the lowest available fare, we will require an increase in deposit equal to the cost of the ticket(s).
Early enrolment is always encouraged as group size is limited and some trips require greater preparation time.
Once we have received your deposit, we will confirm your space and send you a confirmation package containing your trip itinerary, any visa/travel permit related documents, invoice, clothing and equipment recommendations, general information on your destination(s), and forms for you to complete, sign and return to us. Your air e-tickets (if applicable), final hotel list, final trip itinerary, and instructions on how to join your tour, will be sent approximately 2-3 weeks prior to departure.
+Payments
We accept MasterCard, Visa, and American Express for deposits and and final payments. A $125 per person discount will be applied to final balance payments made by cheque, wire transfer, or online bill payment. Bookings from outside of North America will be charged in Canadian Dollars. Your verbal authorization to take payment confirms your acceptance of these Terms & Conditions and your reservation whether or not you have signed the appropriate credit/charge card draught. We require a signature on file for final payment by credit card, even if payment has already been made. An invoice will be sent to you with your confirmation package; supplementary invoices maybe sent before final payment date, 60 days prior to departure.
+Cancellations, Refunds And Transfers
Should you need to cancel your trip, you must notify us in writing (e-mail preferred) immediately. Deposits are non-refundable, though if you cancel more than 90 days prior to tour departure date, the deposit is transferable to any other tour taken within 12 months of the original tour start date, minus a per person transfer fee (some tours have a 100% nonrefundable/ nontransferable deposit; you will be informed of this at the time of booking). Less than 90 days prior to departure, all monies paid are 100% non-refundable, nontransferable. Name changes are not permitted. We will not grant partial refunds for any unused trip arrangements—voluntarily missed meals, sightseeing, transport, etc—after the trip has commenced, or any refunds to trip members who do not complete any portion of the itinerary for whatever reason. All air tickets are non-refundable and valid only for the flight(s) indicated.
We may cancel departures if forced to do so by unforeseen circumstances such as war, civil unrest, disease outbreaks, catastrophic events such as hurricanes, earthquakes, and volcanic eruptions, etc -- things beyond our control that are commonly referred to as “force majeure.” In these instances we will offer 100% credits for all deposits if cancellation takes place more than 60 days prior to tour start date. Such credits can be applied to any future scheduled or custom tour (time limits may apply).
If cancellation occurs within the 60 day period, we will offer to postpone your trip to another departure of the same tour code within 12 months of the original tour start date and your full payment on the postponed tour will remain non-refundable; or, if circumstances do not permit at that time, an alternative will be offered.
Regardless of the timing of cancellation
(outside or inside 60 days), we will not be responsible for costs associated with re-issuance or extension of visas, airline policies pertaining to cancellation/change fees, any trip component/s that may be non-refundable from our suppliers, or for any compensation. We strongly recommend that all travellers purchase trip cancellation insurance, either through Adventures Abroad or elsewhere, as this may provide coverage for the above listed circumstances and other perils.
If we cancel your tour due to insufficient enrolment, we will endeavour to find an alternative tour for you, either the same tour on a different date or another tour of your choice. If this is not acceptable, all monies paid will be refunded in full and will constitute full settlement. We will not be responsible for any expenses incurred, such as visas, vaccinations, independently purchase airfare, or any compensation. Notice of cancellation due to insufficient enrolment in any program will be given no later than 60 days prior to trip start date.
+Travel Advisories & Impediments
We reserve the right to operate our tour with an altered itinerary should a government advisory be issued for a specific geographical area included in our original program, or in the event that conditions in the field or other logistical considerations (disruption to transportation infrastructure, alterations to transportation schedules, locations of civil unrest, etc) render a specific location either impractical, impossible, or illegal. This may occur at late notice or while the tour is in progress. As such, we strongly recommend that you purchase travel insurance that covers you for any costs associated with itinerary adjustments, as these costs will not be reimbursed by Adventures Abroad nor will any necessary omissions be refunded. Very rarely we are forced to cancel tours before departure for reasons commonly referred to as "force majeur" (please refer to section "Cancellations, Refunds & Transfers").
A small number of our tours travel to places where existing advisories are in place; any such situations are noted on each tour page on our website under "Transport & Travel Conditions" and on your invoice upon booking. By advancing a deposit to Adventures Abroad, you acknowledge your full awareness that any visited country(ies) may have a travel advisory issued by DFAIT Canada and/or the US State Dept, and that it is with your complete free will that you join that specific tour. It is the traveller's responsibility to consult government websites and to voluntarily apply to participate with the knowledge of the inherent hazards and risks involved in travel.
+Travel Insurance & Suitability [formerly "Fitnesss & Medical Insurance"]
Trip cancellation and interruption insurance is optional but highly recommended. Travel insurance offers peace of mind and financial protection against unforeseen events that might prevent your travel or completion of your trip. Visit our website to learn more about policy packages available, or call one of our reservation agents for more information and/or a quote for your specific journey. We require that all passengers be medically insured. You are responsible for making yourself aware of your insurance policy's coverages and exclusions, including any such exclusions that may apply to specific countries or regions that carry a government advisory. If you will be 65 or older at the time of travel you will be required to complete and sign a self-assessment questionnaire that affirms your suitability for your chosen tour; certain tours, including those involving high altitude and/or walking/trekking, require a medical questionnaire to be completed regardless of age.
+Changes To Itinerary
We take great care to ensure the accuracy of our itineraries and promotional literature; however, circumstances beyond our control may necessitate changes to tour content and changes in tour dates. In the case of content change, you must refer to the tour itinerary included with your final documents package as it may have been updated since you booked your trip. In the case of a shift in dates, we will notify you as early as possible of such changes so that necessary adjustments can be made. Changing conditions in the field may also necessitate itinerary modifications after the trip has departed. Tour members are responsible for all increased costs associated with en route itinerary changes or changes in means of conveyance, hotels, Tour Leaders, etc. Land Only clients will be responsible for any costs associated with changes tour start / end point/s.
+Single Travellers
Most tours have a single-share program in which we match you with another single traveller of the same gender. If we are unable to pair you, we will usually absorb the cost of a single room. On some tours a "forced single" will apply; please enquire at time of booking. You will normally be informed of this charge 60 days prior to departure; however, we reserve the right to charge this fee up to your departure and, in rare cases, once you have departed. Upgrading to single room once the tour has begun is subject to availability in each overnight point, and payment must be made immediately to our office or locally to the Tour Leader. If you want to guarantee your own room, a single supplement applies. Payment of single supplement does not, however, guarantee that you will receive a twin size, twin-bedded room.
+Additional Fees And Charges
Additional charges for single supplement, extra accommodation, visa/permit fees, international air taxes / fuel surcharges, domestic air taxes, arrival / departure transfers (for Land Only customers), will be added to your invoice, if applicable. Transferring to another tour or tour date is only permissible outside of 90 days prior to departure and is subject to a transfer fee. All other feasible changes are subject to availability; changes to airline tickets are subject to fees levied by the airline. There may also be taxes that you have to pay locally while on tour (you will be advised in advance).
+Tour Prices And Fluctuations
Prices quoted are based on foreign exchange rates at the time of printing. Increases due to fuel costs, rates of exchange, tariff revisions, airline pricing, etc may result in an adjustment to our published pricing. Though unlikely, we reserve the right to alter the price of any tour and forward an amended invoice. Any price increase will normally be notified no later than 60 days prior to departure.
+Special Requests
Hotel check-in on the first day of the tour will be in accordance with the hotel's usual check-in times. Though we will request early check-in for early arrivals, we regret that this cannot be guaranteed. If you want to earn reward points on air tickets booked through us, please advise us as early as possible, noting that some fares exclude frequent flier schemes. We will attempt to accommodate any special requests by notifying our suppliers in writing; however, we cannot guarantee that such requests—room locations, adjoining rooms, seating requirements and meal requirements for flights or hotels, etc—will be adhered to by our suppliers. Any dietary restrictions communicated to us are noted with respect to included meals on tour; however, we cannot guarantee that dietary needs or restrictions can be accommodated, nor will we be liable for any failure to accommodate or fulfill such requests.
+Land Only Participants
Those who intend to purchase airfare from an independent agent are advised not to book air arrangements until the tour has been confirmed. Notification of a guaranteed departure will be made no later than 60 days prior to scheduled departure. You will be responsible for any costs incurred should your flight arrangements be delayed, or should we have to change the tour start/end points or dates after the tour has been guaranteed. You should not expect the same level of service from discount consolidators and travel websites, as you would receive from us. We have a full-service, in house, air-ticketing department with extensive experience in arranging complex travel. Discounters deal in volume and tend not to provide professional travel planning consultation. If you choose to go this route, be careful which company you select and reconfirm all reservations directly with the airline.
+Arrival And Transfer Information
If you are not booking your air travel through us, it is your responsibility to provide us with your air schedule prior to your departure so we can confirm your arrival. Land Only passengers are not entitled to arrival or departure transfers unless paid for separately. Land and Air passengers are entitled to transfers; if Land and Air participants arrive early / leave late, we will include your transfers only if extra hotel nights are booked through us.
+Baggage And Porterage
One "large" or "main" piece of luggage per person is allowed on our tours. This is in addition to your "carryon" or day bag (for camera, water, etc). The large/main bag must not exceed 18kg (40 lb) and be of a standard size; i.e. reasonable in its dimensions such that you are able to manage it on coaches, trains and/or aircraft, and when porters are not available. This baggage must also conform to the limitations set by the airline with which you are travelling (contact the airline if in doubt). Some tours have stricter baggage restrictions as outlined in your pre-trip information package. Your Tour Leader will collect a fee if an additional piece of luggage is carried or if your bag exceeds the allowed weight. Porters may NOT be available at all hotels, airports, ferry terminals, etc, or at some destinations entirely.
+Client Information And Travel Documents
You will be responsible to provide correct information regarding personal details (passport name, address, contact information) and flight information (if applicable). We will not be responsible for costs incurred due to incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate information. You must have a valid passport for international travel. Your passport should be valid for at least six months beyond the date you expect to return home. You are responsible for arranging visas or travel permits, if applicable. Medical vaccination certificates may be required for entry in some countries. Under normal circumstances you will receive your final tour documents two weeks prior to departure unless delayed by a supplier providing information or documentation.
+Passenger Responsibility
Trip members assume responsibility to select a trip most appropriate to their physical abilities and may be required to obtain a physician's release. Members are also responsible for studying pre-departure information; for bringing all necessary equipment and clothing, and must abide by the authority of our Tour Leaders and/or local agents and guides. We reserve the right to refuse the application of anyone and/or expel any tour member whose conduct is incompatible with the interest and well being of other tour participants. Any costs associated with removal will be borne by the passenger.
+Our Responsibility
We act as an agent for the owners and/or contractors providing the services and means of transportation specified. All tickets and vouchers are issued subject to terms and conditions. We assume no responsibility in connection with any injury, death, loss, accident or delay which may be occasioned either by reason of defect or through the acts of default of any company or person engaged in carrying out arrangements of the tour or flights. No responsibility is accepted for any changes in schedule or other events resulting from improper health certificates or travel documents or as any act of any seasonal variation, labour strike, civil disturbance, political unrest and natural acts. We cannot guarantee that accommodations, ground transportation, airline, ferry, rail, cruise ship or similar service will be exactly as outlined in the general catalogues, day-by-day itineraries or other promotional literature. Extreme care is taken in the contracting of all services, however we cannot be responsible for the errors or omissions of the suppliers or services. In the unlikely event that a supplier fails to honour their contract with us, we reserve the right to alter, change or cancel such services outlined in our literature. When such a change occurs, we will endeavour to substitute comparable services, although we will not be liable for any difference in the quality or enjoyment. Tourism is still developing in many destinations, and thus facilities and services may be under construction and repair. We will endeavour to alter trip arrangements should we be forewarned of such occurrences.
+Limitation Of Liability
You are aware that, during the trip in which you are choosing to participate, you are subjecting yourself to certain risks including, but not limited to: forces of nature, travel in remote areas and wilderness terrain, and transportation by air, train, automobile or other conveyance. You are aware that medical services and facilities may not be readily available throughout the duration of the trip. You recognize that such risks may be present at any time during the trip. You are further aware that we act only as agent for the owners, contractors and suppliers providing means of transportation and/or all other related travel ser-vices and assume no responsibility howsoever caused for injury, loss, damage or death to person or property in connection with any service resulting directly or indirectly from: natural acts, detention, annoyance, delays and expenses arising from quarantine, strike, theft, failure of any means of conveyance to arrive or depart as scheduled, civil disturbance, government restriction or regulation, discrepancies of change of transit or hotel services, over which we have no control. You understand that if any trip has to be delayed because of weather, road conditions, flight delays, cancellation of common carriers, sickness or other contingencies for which we cannot reasonably make provision, the cost of your delay and/or replacement is not included in the trip fees. All payments must be paid locally. In consideration of, and in part payment of, the right to participate in the trip, you will fully assume all risk of the above hazards and hereby release and discharge us and our agents from all actions, claims or demands resulting from your willing participation in the trip. You are aware that this is a release of liability and a contract between you and us and that you sign it of your own free will. This agreement shall serve as a release for you, your heirs, administrators, executors and for all members of your family including any minors accompanying you. Trip members grant Adventures Abroad express permission to take a photographic record of its trips for promotional and commercial use.
+Customer Service And Client Feedback
We will provide you with a Tour Questionnaire in your final documents package. We encourage completion of this questionnaire in order to ascertain deficiencies, inaccuracies and positive feedback regarding our service, the tour, and Tour Leader. Any complaint you have while on tour must be brought to the Tour Leader's attention immediately. If the matter cannot be rectified during your trip, please forward your complaint in writing to our office within 30 days of your return. (We will not be responsible for unsettled complaints not received within 30 days of your return.) We may require 60 days from receipt to respond. In the event a mutual agreement cannot be reached, this contract may be interpreted in the court system in accordance with the law. In the event of a legal dispute the prevailing party will be entitled to reimbursement of legal fees.
+Licencing And Registration (Canada)
Adventures Abroad Worldwide Travel Ltd is a registered Travel Agent/Retailer with the province of British Columbia. We must maintain ethics and standards regarding business practices and finances as outlined by Business Practices & Consumer Protection Authority, the province's regulatory body. You can book an Adventures Abroad tour knowing that all monies paid are fully protected. Our registration number is 3438.
+Licencing And Registration (USA)
Adventures Abroad Worldwide Travel Ltd is a registered Seller of Travel with the California Department of Justice. Our number is 2023067-40. We are also a registered Out-of-State Seller of Travel with Washington State, Department of Licensing, Business & Professions Division. Our Washington registration number is 602 223 162.
+Licencing And Registration (UK)
Adventures Abroad Worldwide Travel Ltd is protected by ATOL and is a fully licensed and bonded tour operator. All holidays in our catalogue are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our membership in ATOL means that our financial accounts are subject to strict scrutiny. You can book an Adventures Abroad holiday knowing that all monies are fully protected. Our ATOL number is 4805.
ONLINE CATALOGUE
View our catalogue today!
Tweets by @AdventuresAbr
Adventures Abroad
SUBSCRIBE TO NAVIGATOROUR ELECTRONIC NEWSLETTER
WORLDWIDE DESTINATIONS
South America
North America
North Africa
Middle East
Southern Africa
East Africa
West Africa
Western Europe
Southeast Asia
South Asia
Central Asia
Caribbean
Down Under
South Pacific Islands
Far East
Central America
Central Europe
Eastern Europe
QUICK LINKS
Blog
Client Testimonials
Frequently Asked Questions
Limited Availability
View Catalogue
Price Book
Senior Tours
Single Travel Tours
World Cultural Tours
Escorted Tours
Wildlife Tours
Newsletter Subscribe
Terms And Conditions
Tour Leaders
Travel Insurance
Trip Styles
ALL DESTINATIONS
CONNECT
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
E-Mail
Subscribe to Our Newsletter: Sign Up
Call Us: 1-800-665-3998
Email: Click here
IATA
Best Adventure Travel Company by National Geographic
Copyright © Adventures Abroad Worldwide Travel Ltd., All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Americas
NORTH AMERICA
CENTRAL AMERICA
CARIBBEAN
SOUTH AMERICA
Europe
CENTRAL EUROPE
EASTERN EUROPE
WESTERN EUROPE
Africa
NORTH AFRICA
EAST AFRICA
SOUTHERN AFRICA
WEST AFRICA
MIDDLE EAST
Asia
CENTRAL ASIA
FAR EAST
SOUTH ASIA
SOUTHEAST ASIA
Oceania-Pacific
DOWN UNDER
SOUTH PACIFIC ISLANDS
See all Destinations
President's Message
How We Travel
Trip Styles
Flight Information
Tour Leaders
Accreditations
Reward Program
Client Testimonials
Tour Safety
Current Newsletter
Newsletter Subscribe
Blog
Photo Contest
Price Book
Travel Insurance
Privacy Policy
Terms And Conditions
Our Partners
Airline Partners
Passports & Visas
Useful Travel Tips
FAQ
Self Assessment
Ecuador
Iceland
Madagascar
Turkey
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
×
* fields are required
Title *:
Mr
Mrs
Miss
Ms
First Name *:
Last Name *:
Email Address *:
Country of Interest (optional):
Newsletters are sent approximately once a month; we never rent or sell our mailing list. See our Privacy Policy for further details.
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER
Thank you!
Your inquiry has been sent to us successfully.
Someone will contact you very soon.
Please check your inbox for the email.
If the email is not present there, please check your junk mail folder and mark the email as 'not junk'.
If you are still experiencing problems or the email is nowhere to be found, please Contact Us
CLOSE
We're Sorry
Your inquiry has not been sent to us.
Please try again.
BACK
You are about to open a webpage not part of the Adventures Abroad website, would you like to continue?
Cancel
Continue