http://www.oread.co.uk/publications/privacy-policy
Oread Mountaineering Club – Privacy Policy
Oread Mountaineering Club is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
Reference to we, our, us or the club in this policy are to the Oread Mountaineering Club.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we treat it.
Information we may collect from you and why:
Type of Information
Purpose
Lawful Basis
Member’s name, address, telephone numbers, email address(es).
Managing the member’s membership of the club.
To enable us to properly manage and administer your membership.
Creating and managing the club’s Membership Directory
Consent. We will seek member’s consent on their membership application form and each membership renewal form. The member may withdraw their consent at any time to tell us that they no longer wish their details to appear in the Membership Directory.
To allow the club’s newsletter and other club notices to be sent to the member.
Legitimate interest of running the club. Keeping members informed.
Passing to the British Mountaineering Council (BMC) for BMC club membership and the benefits thereof
Legitimate interests of the Club as we are affiliated to the BMC.
Emergency contact details
Contacting next of kin in the event of an emergency
Protecting the member’s vital interests and those of their dependents
Date of birth / age related information
Managing membership categories which are age related
For purposes of our legitimate interests in running the club Oread Privacy Policy (Sept 2018)
Photographs and videos of members taking part in club activities
Putting on the club’s website and social media pages and use in club publications
Legitimate interest of running and promoting the club.
Our Website
Our website is set up to provide members and the public with relevant information about the club.
Our website may contain links to other websites that may be relevant to you. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policy and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
How we protect your personal data
The data is stored in a secure file sharing facility. The information can be accessed by Committee members for internal record keeping and management of the services we provide to you.
The Membership Directory is supplied to full members of the club with instructions as to how the data can be used.
Who else has access to your personal data
We will never sell your personal data.
The information supplied to the BMC to enable club members to enjoy the benefits of BMC membership is subject to the BMC’s Privacy Policy which can be accessed here:- https://www.thebmc.co.uk/privacy
We may pass your personal data to third parties who are service providers, agents and subcontractors to us for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (e.g. to print newsletters and send you mailings). However, we disclose only the personal data that is necessary for the third party to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not use it for their own purposes.
How long do we keep your information
We will hold your personal data on our systems for as long as you are a member of the Club and for as long afterwards as is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations. We will review your personal data every year to establish whether we are still entitled to process it. If we decide that we are not entitled to do so, we will stop processing your personal data except that we will retain your personal data in an archived form in order to be able to comply with future legal obligations and for contacting past members with information regarding club celebratory events, such as anniversary gatherings
Your rights
You have rights under GDPR:
To access your personal data
To be provided with information about how your personal data is processed
To have your data corrected
To have your personal data erased in certain circumstances
To object to or restrict how your personal data is processed
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice. You are advised check the website for the current version.
This Policy was approved and adopted by the Committee on  the 11/09/18