https://www.greenvillefbody.com/privacy-policy/
About
Auto Services
Headlight Cleaning
Tow Services
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy:
Greenville F-body ("Greenville F-body")
operates https://www.greenvillefbody.com/ and may operate other websites. It
is Greenville F-body's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Greenville F-body collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Greenville F-body's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Greenville F-body's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Greenville F-body may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Greenville F-body also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.greenvillefbody.com/
blogs/sites. Greenville F-body only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Greenville F-body's websites choose to interact
with Greenville F-body in ways that require Greenville F-body to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Greenville F-body gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at https://www.greenvillefbody.com/ to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Greenville F-body are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Greenville F-body collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Greenville F-body. Greenville F-body does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Greenville F-body may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Greenville F-body may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Greenville F-body does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Greenville F-body discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Greenville F-body's behalf or to provide services available
at Greenville F-body's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Greenville F-body's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Greenville F-body will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Greenville F-body discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Greenville F-body believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Greenville F-body, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Greenville F-body website and have supplied your email address, Greenville F-body
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Greenville F-body and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Greenville F-body takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Greenville F-body uses cookies to
help Greenville F-body identify and track visitors, their usage of Greenville F-body
website, and their website access preferences. Greenville F-body visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Greenville F-body's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Greenville F-body's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Greenville F-body, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Greenville F-body goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Greenville F-body may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Greenville F-body and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Greenville F-body may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Greenville F-body's sole
discretion. Greenville F-body encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a https://www.greenvillefbody.com/ account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Welcome to the Club! The Greenville F-body Association is one of the fastest growing clubs in Greenville, North Carolina.
New here? Feel free to use our site and learn more about cars, auto services, car insurance and more! We are here to share information, we want everyone to be better informed than we were before we started this site!
Categories
Auto Insurance
Car Maintenance
Car Services
Driving tips
General
Green Living
Recent Posts
Get Your Car Completely Ready For Winter
Make Sure Your Battery Is Safe By Keeping It Clean
Preparing Your Car for Cold Season
Learn How To Choose The Best Carpet
Is A Green Home A Possibility For You?
Tagsaccident prevention
auto insurance
auto repair
avoid collisions
big car accidents
big trucks
budget repairs
buy cars
buy junk car
buy junk cars
buy junk cars raleigh nc
car buying
car diagnosis
car insurance
car problems
car trip planning
clean cars
considerate driving
dangerous vehicles
driving
emergency situations
fuel efficient cars
get what you need
how to buy a car
how to green cars work
hybrid vehicles
long drives
mechanics
mileage
motorcycle crashes
night driving tips
problem solving
raleigh junk cars
respect other drivers
roadside assistance
roadside recovery
road trip planning
road trips
safe driving
save gas
save money
tips for driving
tire maintenance
truck accidents
vehicle analysis
LegalPrivacy Policy
Terms of Service
Archives Archives
Select Month
November 2020
September 2020
March 2020
January 2020
November 2019
May 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
September 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
Search
Categories
Auto Insurance
Car Maintenance
Car Services
Driving tips
General
Green Living