https://www.avonvalleyrailway.org/privacy-policy/
Show navigation
Hide navigation
Home
Visit Us
Events & Experiences
About Us
Support Us
Contact Us
Call us on: 0117 932 5538.
Buy tickets online
Home
Visit Us
What to see
Timetable
Fares
Buffet
Gift Shop
Find Us
Local things to do
Group & School Visits
Accessibility
Frequently asked questions
Conditions of Carriage
Events & Experiences
Events
Dining Trains
Murder Mystery
Birthday Parties
Driver Experiences
Venue Hire
Filming & Photography
About Us
History
News
Locomotives & Rolling Stock
Gallery
Support Us
Donate
Join Us
Legacies
Volunteering
Current Opportunities
Friend Us With Amazon
Restoration Projects
Other Projects
Young Members Group
Contact Us
Contact Form
Company Details
Announcements
Our station cafe is back open, for Take away only 9am – 3.00pm every day
OUR GIFT SHOP IS NOW CLOSED UNTIL 5th December
View Our Gallery
Latest News
Privacy Policy
Avon Valley Railway considers the privacy of its users to be a serious issue. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. Avon Valley Railway is a business based in the United Kingdom
What this policy covers
This policy covers how Avon Valley Railway treats personal information that Avon Valley Railway collects and receives, including information to your past use of our website. Personal information, is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.
Information collection and use
General
Avon Valley Railway collects personal information whenever a user chooses to contact us via the web form within the contact us section.
When contacting us using this method we ask for information such as your name, e-mail address and telephone number.
Avon Valley Railway automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Avon Valley Railway cookie information, and the page you request.
We use information for the following general purposes: to customise the content you see, fulfil your requests and for technical web site administration purposes.
When you make a purchase of online tickets for any of our special events, dining or Santa trains using the Avon Valley Railway website you will be taken to a third party ticketing provider Quaytickets. Quaytickets is a trading division of The Lowry Centre Ltd, The Lowry, Pier 8, Salford Quays, M50 3AZ. Registered in England No. 3255905. Their privacy and data management policy can be viewed at https://www.quaytickets.com.
Data supplied to Quaytickets may be transferred to the Avon Valley Railway to keep you informed of other events and activities which might interest you (if consent has been actively given by the customer). Marketing would take the form of communication by email only. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time.
Information sharing and disclosure
We do not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or non affiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission.
We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that your personal data is not disclosed to regional/national institutions and authorities, unless required by law or other regulations.
Changes to this policy
We may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a prominent notice on our web site.
Privacy support
If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact us using the online form provided on our contact page.
Mince Pie SpecialsMore InformationSanta SpecialMore Information1940s weekend 2021More Information
Twitter Feed
Feels like #summer finally! We're busy planning our evening #Wine Festival in June - 10 vineyards are joining us. goo.gl/Iy8IPI25th March 2017 8:26 pm
Avon Valley Railway
View Google Map
Bitton Station,Bath Road, BittonBristol, BS30 6HD
Telephone: 0117 932 5538
Email: info@avonvalleyrailway.org
Quick Links
Buy Tickets Online
Visit Us
Events & Experiences
About Us
Support Us
Contact Us
Receive our latest news
Connect with us
© 2020 Avon Valley Railway / Terms & Conditions / Cookie Policy / Privacy Policy
Web Design Bristol by eckhoMedia
Our website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website or choosing to close this message you are giving consent for cookies to be used. Find out more on our Cookie Policy.I Accept