http://www.emirates.com/us/english/information/terms-and-conditions/
Accessibility informationSkip to the main contentTerms and conditionsAgreement between you and EmiratesModification of termsEntire agreementDisclaimer of warranties and limitation of liabilityIndemnityLinks to third parties' websitesLimitations on useCopyright and trademark noticesWebsite bookingsEmirates Skywards® Miles accrualTicket deliveryUse of credit cardSecuritySecurity informationPassportsAirport taxesHealth/insurance requirementsCurrency conversionConditions of CarriageWebsite contactThank you for visiting emirates.com (the "Website"). Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before you start to use the Website. By accessing and using this Website, you indicate that you accept (unconditionally and irrevocably) these Terms and Conditions (the "Agreement"). If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please refrain from using our Website and exit immediately.The Website is owned and operated by Emirates, whose principal office is at Emirates Group Headquarters Building, PO Box 686, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Emirates is a Dubai corporation established by Decree No.2 of 1985 (as amended) of the Government of Dubai.You represent and warrant that you possess the legal right and ability to enter into this Agreement and to use this Website in accordance with all Terms and Conditions herein.You promise you are old enough to enter legally binding contracts through this Website and you know you will be responsible for all payments due to us for bookings made by you or another person using your login information.Please also make sure that you have read and accept our Privacy Policy.We may change these Terms and Conditions at any time without advance notice. Changed terms will become effective once posted on the Website and will not have any retrospective effect on existing contractual arrangements made through this Website. Your continued use of this Website after any change means you have accepted the changed Terms and Conditions.These Terms and Conditions and any other legal notices, policies, and guidelines of Emirates® linked to these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Emirates relating to your use of this Website and supersede any prior understandings or agreements (whether oral or written), claims, representations, and understandings of the parties regarding such subject matter and the Terms and Conditions may not be amended or modified except by making such amendments or modifications available on this Website.GeneralYour access to and use of software and other materials on, or through, this Website is solely at your own risk. We make no representation, warranty, or covenant whatsoever about the reliability, stability, or virus-free nature of such software.DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTYTO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND COVENANTS RELATING TO THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES CONTAINED IN THIS WEBSITE. ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR COVENANT OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.LIMITATION OF LIABILITYIN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING AMONG OTHER THINGS LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFITS), PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR SUBJECT TO EQUITABLE OR INJUNCTIVE REMEDIES (WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OFACCESS TO OR USE OF THIS WEBSITE, OR DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE, OR ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS WEBSITE, ORTHE AVAILABILITY AND UTILITY OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES (EXCEPT CARRIAGE BY AIR PERFORMED BY US).NOTHING IN THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL EXCLUDE LIABILITIES NOT PERMITTED TO BE EXCLUDED BY APPLICABLE LAW.ANY CARRIAGE BY AIR USING A TICKET OBTAINED USING THIS WEBSITE SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE CONDITIONS OF CARRIAGE OF THE RELEVANT CARRIER AND MAY ALSO BE SUBJECT TO THE WARSAW CONVENTION OR THE MONTREAL CONVENTION, WHICH MAY LIMIT THE CARRIER'S LIABILITY IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. YOU SHOULD REFER TO THE NOTE ON CONDITIONS OF CARRIAGE SET OUT BELOW.ANY RIGHTS NOT EXPRESSLY GRANTED HEREIN ARE RESERVED BY US.As a condition of use of this Website, you agree to indemnify us from and against any and all liabilities, expenses (including legal fees), and damages arising out of claims resulting from your use of this Website, including without limitation any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by you of these Terms and Conditions.This Website may contain links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. We do not operate or control in any respect any information, products, or services on such third-party sites. Third-party links and pointers are included solely for your convenience and do not constitute any endorsement by us. You assume sole responsibility for use of third-party links and pointers.You agree to use this Website solely to determine the availability of goods and services and make legitimate reservations or transact business with us. You agree to use the Website only for personal, noncommercial use.You agree to use the Website's services to make only legitimate reservations or purchases. You agree not to make any false reservation or any reservation in anticipation of demand. We may cancel, without notice, all confirmations associated with multiple reservations to one or more destinations on or about the same date.You agree to all of our Terms and Conditions of purchase, including but not limited to full and timely payment of all amounts due and compliance with all rules concerning availability of fares, products, or services. All fees, assessments, charges, taxes, and duties arising out of use of the Website are your sole responsibility.You agree to not abuse the Website. "Abuse" includes, without limitation, using the Website to:Defame, harass, stalk, threaten, abuse, or otherwise violate others' rights as defined by applicable law.Harm or interfere with the operation of others' computers and software in any way, including without limitation by uploading, downloading, or transmitting corrupt files or computer viruses.Violate applicable intellectual property, publicity, or privacy rights, including, without limitation, by uploading, downloading, or transmitting materials or software.Omit or misrepresent the origin of, or rights in, any file you download or upload, including, without limitation, by omitting proprietary language, author identifications, or notices of patent, copyright, or trademark.Transmit, post, or otherwise disclose trade secrets or other confidential or protected proprietary material or information.Download or upload files that are unlawful to distribute through the Website.Interfere with or disrupt the Website or servers or networks connected to the Website, including attempting to interfere with the access of any other user, host, or network, including without limitation, overloading, initiating, propagating, participating, directing, or attempting any "denial of service" attacks, "spamming," "crashing," "flooding," or "mail bombing" the Website.Direct bots, spiders, crawlers, avatars, intelligent agents, or any other automated process at Emirates’ computer systems or otherwise create unreasonable load upon any of Emirates’ computer hardware, network, storage, input/output, or electronic control devices or infrastructure.Transmit any information or software obtained through the Website, or copy, create, display, distribute, license, perform, publish, recreate, reproduce, sell, or transfer works deriving from the Website.Falsely use a password or personal identification number while logging into the Website or misrepresent one’s identity or authority to act on behalf of another.Violate this Agreement in any other manner.We have taken reasonable steps to ensure the information provided by us on this Website is accurate at the time you view it. However, we cannot and have not checked the accuracy of all information provided by outside sources, for example by the providers of other information or of other parties linked to or from the Website.Commentary and other materials posted on our Website are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our Website, or by anyone who may be informed by or act upon any of its contents.We aim to ensure that availability of the Website will be uninterrupted and that transmissions will be error-free. However, due to the nature of the Internet, this cannot be guaranteed and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on the Website without notice. Also, your access to the Website may occasionally be suspended or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new facilities or services. We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of any such suspension or restriction. We will not be liable if for any reason our Website is unavailable at any time or period.All content on this Website is Copyright © Emirates 1994–2016. All rights reserved.This Website is for your personal, noncommercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, reverse engineer, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from this Website. Emirates, Emirates Skywards®, Emirates Skycargo, Emirates Holidays, Emirates Hotels and Resorts, Fly Emirates, Arabian Adventures, Arabian Airpass, Emirates Live, Business Rewards, The Emirates High Street, and any other product or trade names of Emirates referenced herein are our trademarks or registered trademarks. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.You may book tickets on the Website without registering. However, if you register with Emirates Skywards®, you’ll be able to store your personal, travel, and credit card information in your profile, so there will be no need to re-enter the information the next time you log in and book travel on the Website. If you are not already an Emirates Skywards® member, you may register at www.emirates.com. We recommend you complete your personal preferences, as this information will assist us in providing you with optimum service and will also save you time in future inquiries and bookings.Please do not give your login/ID, booking reference number, and/or password to anyone who is not a member of your immediate household. You may not give access to your account to any third-party online service, including but not limited to any mileage tracking service, mileage management service, or mileage aggregation service. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that your password and/or booking reference are kept confidential and secure and inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be, used in an unauthorized manner.You can book on the Website for up to 9 passengers per booking. You may simultaneously book flights for 9 adults and children (2–11 years old). Additionally, one infant (0–1 year old) can be booked per adult passenger. You may book a flight in the class of your choice, First, Business, or Economy Class (where available).Change your reservationIf you make a change to an existing booking online and this results in a refund being due to you from Emirates, this refund will be provided in the form of an Electronic Miscellaneous Document (EMD) Receipt. This EMD Receipt can be used to purchase additional travel or services from Emirates or can be exchanged for a refund at any Emirates office, but is only valid for 1 year from the date of issue and must be used or refunded within that period.You may book flights up to 338 days before departure. You can request electronic tickets or pick up your tickets from locations listed during the booking process. Please note tickets can be collected only in your country of departure and deliveries can only be made in your country of departure. If you choose to collect tickets from one of our offices, you must pick tickets up within the time specified during the booking process or your booking will be canceled.Cancel your BookingYou can cancel your booking on the Website from the My Account section if you are logged in as an Emirates Skywards® member. You will then be subject to the fare rules that you agreed to when you confirmed the booking. You are required to contact one of our offices to arrange for refunds or request a refund online for an electronic ticket.For itineraries booked on emirates.com/us that originate from the US, where the booking is made seven days or more prior to flight departure, you may request a refund within 24 hours of booking without penalty. Your refund will be processed within seven days of submitting the ticket refund form. Any date changes requested are subject to the applicable fare conditions. Hotel and car reservations are not included in the refund rule.The Emirates Skywards® Miles displayed are indicative only. The actual Emirates Skywards® Miles credited to your account will be determined in accordance with the Emirates Skywards program rules.View a list of ticket delivery/payment options in your country of departure.We accept major credit cards; the credit card holder must be one of the passengers. We accept credit cards issued in countries specified during the booking process. Your credit card will be debited when you click the "Purchase Now" button. If you do not have a credit card, you may choose to pay in cash at one of our offices. If you wish to arrange for delivery or collection of a ticket in a country other than your country of departure, you will need to contact one of our local offices to make the reservation and arrange payment and ticketing. The credit card must be in the name of one of the passengers traveling and the same card must be carried at the time of travel. The card may be required for verification and obtaining signature on a credit card charge form at check-in.We will take all reasonable measures to insure that information you transmit to us using the Website remains confidential and protected from unauthorized access. Despite those measures, we do not warrant that unauthorized access to that information can never happen. We will not be liable for any such unauthorized access unless caused solely by our gross negligence, in which event you will be entitled to compensation up to a maximum of the value of the services purchased by you.To insure secure online payment and all other transactions of personal data, the Website uses a technology called SSL (Secure Socket Layer). SSL encrypts all communications between your computer and our server so that the information can only be read and understood by us. Usually a closed lock on your browser window indicates a secure connection. For further information, please consult your browser’s security specifications. If your browser is equipped with SSL, your transaction will automatically be secured. The common standard on the Internet to signal a secure site is a closed lock icon at the bottom of the browser. As long as the lock is displayed closed, your information is secure and encrypted to prevent abuse. If you click the secure transaction link and still cannot see the closed lock, the window may be nested within another frame. To check that you have a secure connection (in Internet Explorer), click the right mouse button and select Properties, then Certificates. Then you will see if the connection is secure or not. Another way (in Netscape Navigator) is to click the right mouse button and select "View Frame Info." At the bottom of the text, you will see security information.To insure secure online payment and all other transactions of personal data, the Website uses a technology called SSL (Secure Socket Layer). SSL encrypts all communications between your computer and our server so that the information can only be read and understood by us. Usually a closed lock on your browser window indicates a secure connection. For further information, please consult your browser’s security specifications. If your browser is equipped with SSL, your transaction will automatically be secured. The common standard on the Internet to signal a secure site is a closed lock icon at the bottom of the browser. As long as the lock is displayed closed, your information is secure and encrypted to prevent abuse. If you click the secure transaction link and still cannot see the closed lock, the window may be nested within another frame. To check that you have a secure connection (in Internet Explorer), click the right mouse button and select Properties, then Certificates. Then you will see if the connection is secure or not. Another way (in Netscape Navigator) is to click the right mouse button and select "View Frame Info." At the bottom of the text, you will see security information.Some airports will levy an airport departure tax, which is payable by passengers at the airport locally. Information on these charges is not given through our quoted fares and is your sole responsibility.Immunization may be recommended or required for your destination or stopover points. Please check this with your doctor. We recommend the purchase of adequate travel insurance for all overseas travel.You should note that any information and advice contained in the Health and travel section is intended as a general guide only and is not specific to you or your particular circumstances. All content within the Health and travelsection is provided for general information only and should not be treated as a substitute for the medical advice of your own doctor or any other healthcare professional. We are not liable for any diagnosis made by you based on the content in our Health and travel section and exclude our liability to the fullest extent permitted by law. You should always contact your own doctor if you are concerned about your health, flying, and/or countries of destination/stopover.Currency conversion rates are based on information from several publicly available sources. The accuracy of such rates is not verified, and actual rates may vary. Currency quotes are not updated every day. We believe in the accuracy of the information supplied by this application, but we do not warrant or guarantee such accuracy. If using this information for any financial purpose, we advise you to consult a qualified professional to verify the accuracy of the currency exchange rates. We do not authorize the use of this information for any other purpose except for personal use and prohibit to the maximum extent allowable the resale, redistribution, and use of this information for commercial purposes.The carriage of passengers and their baggage by air will be subject to the Conditions of Carriage of the carrier concerned. With respect to our flights, please read our General Conditions of Carriage for passengers and baggage.Online bookingsIf you have questions about your online booking, or if you encountered issues while making your booking, please contact us.Non-booking–related queriesIf you experience any technical problems during your interaction with this Website, please contact our local office for assistance.