http://www.wrxsa.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Disclaimer
Acceptance of our TermsBy visiting the website wrxsa.com (WRXSA), viewing, accessing or otherwise using any of the services or information created, collected, compiled or submitted to WRXSA, you agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions of Service. If you do not want to be bound by our Terms your only option is not to visit, view or otherwise use the services of WRXSA. You understand, agree and acknowledge that these Terms constitute a legally binding agreement between you and WRXSA and that your use of WRXSA shall indicate your conclusive acceptance of this agreement.
Provision of ServicesYou agree and acknowledge that WRXSA is entitled to modify, improve or discontinue any of its services at its sole discretion and without notice to you even if it may result in you being prevented from accessing any information contained in it. Furthermore, you agree and acknowledge that WRXSA is entitled to provide services to you through subsidiaries or affiliated entities.
Proprietary RightsYou acknowledge and agree that WRXSA may contain proprietary and confidential information including trademarks, service marks and patents protected by intellectual property laws and international intellectual property treaties. WRXSA authorizes you to view and make a single copy of portions of its content for offline, personal, non-commercial use. Our content may not be sold, reproduced, or distributed without our written permission. Any third-party trademarks, service marks and logos are the property of their respective owners. Any further rights not specifically granted herein are reserved.
Submitted ContentWhen you submit content to WRXSA you simultaneously grant WRXSA an irrevocable, worldwide, royalty free license to publish, display, modify, distribute and syndicate your content worldwide. You confirm and warrant that you have the required authority to grant the above license to WRXSA.
Termination of AgreementThe Terms of this agreement will continue to apply in perpetuity until terminated by either party without notice at any time for any reason. Terms that are to continue in perpetuity shall be unaffected by the termination of this agreement.
Disclaimer of WarrantiesYou understand and agree that your use of WRXSA is entirely at your own risk and that our services are provided “As Is” and “As Available”. WRXSA does not make any express or implied warranties, endorsements or representations whatsoever as to the operation of the WRXSA website, information, content, materials, or products. This shall include, but not be limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, and warranties that access to or use of the service will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the service will be corrected.
Limitation of LiabilityYou understand and agree that WRXSA and any of its subsidiaries or affiliates shall in no event be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or exemplary damages. This shall include, but not be limited to damages for loss of profits, business interruption, business reputation or goodwill, loss of programs or information or other intangible loss arising out of the use of or the inability to use the service, or information, or any permanent or temporary cessation of such service or access to information, or the deletion or corruption of any content or information, or the failure to store any content or information. The above limitation shall apply whether or not WRXSA has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of such damages. In jurisdictions where the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages is not allowed the liability of WRXSA is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
External ContentWRXSA may include hyperlinks to third-party content, advertising or websites. You acknowledge and agree that WRXSA is not responsible for and does not endorse any advertising, products or resource available from such resources or websites.
JurisdictionYou expressly understand and agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the country, state, province or territory determined solely by WRXSA to resolve any legal matter arising from this agreement or related to your use of WRXSA. If the court of law having jurisdiction, rules that any provision of the agreement is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms and the remaining Terms will continue to be valid.
Entire AgreementYou understand and agree that the above Terms constitute the entire general agreement between you and WRXSA. You may be subject to additional Terms and conditions when you use, purchase or access other services, affiliate services or third-party content or material.
Changes to the TermsWRXSA reserves the right to modify these Terms from time to time at our sole discretion and without any notice. Changes to our Terms become effective on the date they are posted and your continued use of WRXSA after any changes to Terms will signify your agreement to be bound by them.
Privacy Policy
Information that is gathered from visitorsIn common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit. Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. Where registration is required, the visitor’s email and a username will be stored on the server.
How the Information is usedThe information is used to enhance the vistor’s experience when using the website to display personalised content and possibly advertising. E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties. E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.
Visitor OptionsIf you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive. You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.
CookiesCookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website. 3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes.
Find us on Facebook
Follow us on Instagram
Impreza WRX Owners Club of SA Inc. 2020 - Privacy Policy & Legal Disclaimer