https://www.silver-coins.org/info/our-privacy-policy.html
Skip to content
Info Our Privacy PolicyDear visitor,Silver-coins.org does care about your privacy and that of other visitors especially when we talk about your personal information and to inform you what kind of information exactly is collected from you when visiting our web site we have created this privacy policy.Log files. When you visit this site or any other website on the Internet, your IP address, type of browser, the time you visited this web site and the pages you have seen are written in the server log files. This information is shown in global web site statistics and will not be used by us in any other way than this. The log files itself will be deleted after some months when these statistics have been created.Silver Coins is a Google Partner website. This website is using Google Advertisements for which cookies are used by Google and his Partners.  Read carefully the following information about Google advertisement cookies and how you can opt-out of the serving of cookies for advertisement purposes.Google advertising cookies Google uses cookies to help serve the ads it displays on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying Google ads or participating in Google certified ad networks. When users visit a Google partner’s website, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser.This site uses third-party vendors, including Google, which use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to the users of this site based on their visit to this site and/or other web sites on the Internet.Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website or other websites.Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.Users may opt-out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings.Alternatively, you can opt-out of any third-party vendor’s use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.Email Should you contact us by email then it is good to know that we never sell or share email addresses from our users in any publication or with 3rd parties.
Share
Tags: PolicyPrivacy
Follow:
Search for:
Latest Posts
CleaningSafe Way to Clean Coins29 Sep, 2020
CleaningCleaning Silver Coins26 Dec, 2019
US Penny Coins1943 Steel Cent – Penny26 Dec, 2019MoreNEWS UPDATE29 November 2019Our social media pages on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Pinterest are created and a YouTube channel will follow. Thanks to all followers and soon more news to come.28 November 2019.Many pages have been updated and new pictures have added to give a better user experience. Also, small changes have been made to the design and layout.