https://www.charbay.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect your privacy. We diligently protect the trust you have placed in us. We have developed a Privacy Policy to assure you that the information collected about you is only what is needed for conducting business and offering products that might be of interest to you.
Federal and California state law requires us to request identification from each consumer to prove that you are of age to legally purchase alcohol. To process an order, we need your name, home or other physical address, including street name and name of city or town, email address, telephone number, date of birth and credit card number. We understand the sensitivity of this information and maintain our files on a secured server to protect against unauthorized access. In addition to obtaining personal information, we may collect tracking information for statistical purposes that is disclosed to third parties. This aggregate information is for statistical purposes only. It is for understanding consumer trends and does not contain any personal information about you.
THE CHARBAY STORE WILL REOPEN SOON
To locate a spirits retailer, click here
For Charbay's winery collection, please visit CharbayWinery.com
Need assistance? (707) 462-2249 or email us.
Changes to your Personal Data
In the event you wish to change any of your personal information, please contact us by written notification to our email address or call us at 707.963.9327.
Email Opt-Out
We comply with the Federal laws in sending offer driven emails. Those who wish to Opt-Out from receiving email offers will have action taken within 1-10 days of receipt of request to Opt-Out. If you have multiple addresses you will need to Opt-Out for each address in order to be removed from our data base.
If you have any concerns with our Privacy Policy effective July 1, 2010, please contact us at: 707.963.9327. This policy was last updated May 2011.
Inquiries
If you need to inquire about your order, click here to send us an email or call us at 707.963.9327. Thank you.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings. For your security, our web-based ordering process utilizes the most up to date Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. The software ensures that all sales transaction information is transferred safely via encrypted methods.
Privacy Contact information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By E-Mail: info [at] charbay.com
By Phone: 707-963-9327
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.