https://www.waterlootours.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Cooper’s Waterloo Tours Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how, Cooper’s Waterloo Tours (Part of Corporate Battlefields Ltd Company number 05618425) uses and protects any information that you provide when you use our website or provide us with information via email, post, telephone or social media.
Cooper’s Waterloo Tours act as both data controllers and data processors for purposes of the GDPR and Data Protection Act 2018 and are responsible for the manner in which the data you provide us with is processed.
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time and new versions will be posted on this website with an updated version number and date displayed at the top of this page.
What information do we collect?
If you decide to submit data to Cooper’s Waterloo Tours, for example by completing an online form or by contacting us via email, telephone or through any other social media, we may use that information to identify you as an individual.
We refer to any information that may identify you as an individual, such as your name and email address, as ‘personal data’ or ‘personal information’.
The personal data that we may ask for includes the following:
name
job title
contact information including email address and phone number
dietary requirements
next of kin details when participating in a Cooper’s Waterloo Tours Event
social media identifiers
employment information (where relevant e.g. if you are applying for an Event or an appointment position with us)
other information that you provide to us via our website (e.g. by completing our online forms or subscribing to or requesting any of our services)
information that you provide when you are interacting with social media on our website
information that you share with us through our applications and third-party platforms
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
details of your visits to our site and the resources that you access
Sensitive Personal Information
Data Protection law recognises that some categories of personal information are more sensitive. Sensitive personal information can include information about a person’s health, race, ethnic origin, political opinions, sex life, sexual orientation or religious beliefs. In some circumstances we may collect such information, for example, specific dietary requirements. If you provide us with any sensitive personal information by telephone, email or by other means, we will treat that information with extra care and confidentiality and always in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Lawful reasons for using your personal data
There are several reasons we may collect and use your personal data which the law on data protection allows us to, including:
Contractual obligations
In order for us to fulfil our contractual obligations to you we will need to use your personal data
For example, for you to use our services as advertised on the website.
Consent
We will always request your consent when we collect and process your personal data
For example, if you tick the consent box to receive our newsletters or alerts on our future events.
Legal or regulatory obligation
For example, we will need to pass and process your personal data to law enforcement if there is any involvement in fraud or criminal activity
Legitimate Interests
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience.
For example, we may send you promotional offers based on your past purchase history unless you unsubscribe from our emails.
What do we do with the information we gather?
We require this information to understand the needs of our visitors and people who contact us. We may use your personal data to:
allow you to participate in the interactive features of our site, should you wish to do so;
customise our website according to your interests
to comply with the law; and
keep records and analyse website use.
Where this information identifies you personally, it will be treated in accordance with this privacy policy.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to any other third parties unless
we have your permission,
the third party provides helps us to provide products or services to you, such as venues or caterers
we are required to do so by law or to enforce our terms and conditions, rights or property or the rights or property of any third party or
in connection with the sale of a business or its assets.
We may also gather non-personal information about your computer and how you use our website. The data is aggregated and anonymous so we cannot identify you personally.  Often we will use cookies for such purposes. We may share with third parties analytical information about how our website is used in order to improve your website experience. (See Cookie Policy)
How we share information with third parties
Due to the nature of our services we sometimes need to share personal information with our international offices and various overseas companies. As a result, your personal information may be transferred to locations outside Europe as well as within it for the purposes described above.
Where we transfer your personal information outside Europe, we will ensure that it is protected and transferred in a manner consistent with legal requirements applicable to the information. This can be done in a number of different ways, for instance:
the country to which we send the personal information may be approved by the European Commission
With your consent
the recipient may have signed a contract based on “standard contractual clauses” approved by the European Commission, obliging them to protect your personal information, or
where the recipient is located in the US, it may be a certified member of the EU-US Privacy Shield scheme.
In all cases, however, any transfer of your personal information will be compliant with applicable data protection law.
You can obtain more details of the protection given to your personal information when it is transferred outside Europe by contacting us on the addresses listed in this policy.
Automated decision making
We will not use your data to make automated decisions that will affect you.
How long will we keep your data for?
We may hold personal information for as long as it is necessary to do so, having regard to the purposes for which it was collected and the purposes for which it is to be used.
Non-personal information may be held for as long as it is necessary in order that we can monitor aggregated statistics about use of our site and exposure to our brand.
Where we receive a request to delete personal information from our systems, it is not always possible to completely delete the data due to technical constraints. We also retain a back-up archive of data where this is necessary to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce Terms and Conditions. However, we keep this data under periodic review to ensure it is still necessary for us to retain it, in compliance with UK data protection law.
Your legal rights over your personal data
You have the rights under the data protection laws in relation to your personal data including:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a ‘data subject access request’).  This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or out of date data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no business or legal reason for us continuing to process it.
Object to processing of your personal data. Where we are relying on a Legitimate Interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent. Where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Please email us at cooper@waterlootours.co.uk if you wish to exercise any of these rights.
No fee in most cases – You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. There is the possibility that we will refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you – to protect your personal data we will ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with your request to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
If you have authorised a third party to submit a request on your behalf, we will request proof that they have your permission to do so.
Time limit to respond – We will respond to all legitimate requests within 1 calendar month from the date of receipt of your request. Occasionally it may take us longer if your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.  Where you are sending us a request via post rather than email, we recommend you send it via recorded delivery to guarantee safe delivery.
Security of your personal information
Protecting the confidentiality and integrity of your personal data is a responsibility that we always take seriously. We use appropriate technical and organisational measures to keep personal data secure against unauthorised or unlawful processing, and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
For example, if the URL of a web page starts with HTTPS or you see a locked/green padlock symbol, your personal information is encrypted when it is sent from your computer to our server. However, we cannot ensure the security of your data while it is being transmitted to our website or other digital sites from other pages. All transmissions of personal information and other data are done at your own risk.
You are invited to participate in the social media activities that may be available on our website from time to time if you wish to do so. You should not use this forum to share any private details about yourself or others (other than your social media identifier, such as username). Any information that you post will be available to others and we cannot take responsibility for how they may use your personal data.
Certain pages on this website may allow you to access Cooper’s Waterloo Tours social media channels and other shared-content platforms. The terms, conditions and policies that apply to those websites and specific social networks, such as Facebook or Twitter, also apply to the Corporate Battlefields Ltd profiles they host. We recommend that you familiarise yourself with those terms and conditions before participating in Cooper’s Waterloo Tours social media
Marketing communications
When you register with us, we may ask if you would like to receive marketing communications. If you have previously agreed to receive marketing communications, we may send you relevant offers and news about our promotions. You can change your marketing preferences by contacting us in any way or by using the ‘unsubscribe’ link in our marketing emails.
Using children’s personal data
We do not directly aim our services at children under the age of 13. Whilst organisations such as schools can potentially use our services, the data provided would come to us via the organisation rather than individuals directly
Complaints
We take any complaints about our collection and use of personal information very seriously.
If you think that our collection or use of personal information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate, or have any other concern about our data processing, please raise this with us in the first instance.
To make a complaint, please contact us at cooper@waterlootours.co.uk. Alternatively, you can make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office:
You may report a concern online at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or Call 0303 123 1113.
Alternatively write to: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
Contact us
If you have any questions, concerns or would like more information about anything     mentioned in this privacy notice, please contact our Privacy Officer:
Email:   cooper@waterlootours.co.uk
Address: Cooper’s Waterloo Tours, Coopers Court, Moreton, Ongar, Essex, CM5 0LE