http://www.socomogro.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Soco Mogro‘s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://www.socomogro.org, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
Search for:
Recent Posts
How to Prepare Your Yard for Winter Season?
Signs of HVAC Problems
Professional Repair of Your Roofing: Why Is It Important?
Different Kinds of Photo Booths
High Blood Pressure Tips: How to Lose Weight Properly
Recent Comments Archives
October 2019
August 2019
May 2019
Categories
Hvac Repair
Lose Weight
Photobooth
Roofing
Sand Blasting
Skip
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Designed by
Elegant Themes