http://www.planetdive.co.uk/page/privacy
×
Newsletter
Sign up here to receive all our latest dive holiday news and special offers
Marketing Permissions
We will only use the information you provide on this form to be in touch with you to provide blog updates and emailers focussing on our best travel destinations and special offers.
We use MailerLite as our marketing automation platform. By clicking below to submit this form, you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailerLite for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Kitesurfing
Click here to also sign up for our kitesurfing newsletter
Diving
Click here to also sign up for our diving newsletter
Windsurfing
Click here to also sign up for our windsurfing newsletter
SUPing
Click here to also sign up for our SUPing newsletter
Sign up for our diving newsletter
Thank you!
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.
Scroll Down
WHERE CAN YOU TRAVEL RIGHT NOW?
SEE ALL OPEN DIVE RESORT HERE
LIVEABOARDS IN THE MALDIVES
Live and dive off one of our hand-picked liveaboards for an incredible adventure!
Only the best hand picked boats
MALDIVES IS OPEN FOR TRAVEL
We are Maldives experts! Only the very best hand picked resorts and liveaboards
See our handpicked luxury Maldive resort here
RED SEA LIVEABOARD EXPERTS
Only the very best hand picked boats
Red Sea Liveaboard Experts
Dive Resorts
Liveaboards
When
Resorts selected to your departure dates
SELECT MONTH
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
MAY
JUNE
JULY
AUGUST
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Level
Hand-picked destinations to fit your level
LEARN TO DIVE
QUALIFIED
50 DIVES OR MORE
TECHNICAL DIVER
LEARN TO FREEDIVE
FREEDIVER LEVEL II +
SNORKELLING
Search
Luxury holidays at exquisite destinations
SEARCH >GO >
Where
Where do you want to go?
SELECT COUNTRY
BAHAMAS
BELIZE
COSTA RICA
EGYPT
GALAPAGOS AND ECUADOR
INDONESIA
MALDIVES
OMAN
PALAU
PHILIPPINES
SUDAN
THAILAND
TURKS AND CAICOS
USA (INCL. HAWAII)
When
When do you want to travel?
SELECT MONTH
Search
Search thousand of liveaboard departures
SEARCH >GO >
Where is open for travel to right now?
Top Maldives resort ready to welcome you back!
The Indian Ocean Is Calling
End May Diving Travel Update From Planet
×
Client Login
User Name
Reservation Number OR Password
Forgot / Reset Password
Forgot / Reset Password
×
Reset Password
Registered Email
OTP
New Password
Confirm Password
Password updated successfully, kindly click Sign in to login to your account.
DIVING HOLIDAYS FROM PLANET DIVE HOLIDAYS
Planet Dive Holidays creates exciting, flexible, diving holidays & liveaboard diving holidays to some of the world's most remarkable, naturally beautiful, diving destinations. We pride ourselves on carefully designed, smooth-running holidays, and in ensuring you great value diving, without compromise.
The vey best financial protection for your funds via TTA Trust Account & ATOL
Refundable Low deposit £99 p.p. for ALL accommodation, balance due as little as 14 days out
Expert knowledge & unrivalled personal service
Planet Dive's range of holidays covers many of the world's great dive destinations, Dive Maldives, Dive Malaysia Borneo, Dive holidays Indonesia, Dive Philippines and Egypt’s Red Sea to name a few. Select your dream diving destination for a land based diving holiday or a self-guided tailormade Dive Tour. Access remote, pristine dive sites on a Liveaboard Diving Holiday . Find a Liveaboard from our selection of the very best dive live-aboards from Red Sea Liveaboards & Maldives Liveaboards to less well known liveaboard destinations such as the Galapagos Islands, Indonesia, Sudan, Cayman Islands and more.
Do you want to Learn to Dive? Are you travelling solo, on a family diving holiday or with a dive group? What is the best dive seasons? Where can I find a luxury hotel close to the diving?  Planning your first or thousandth scuba dive let our experience guide you in your choice of dive holiday.
Read More
Destination
Knowledge
Handpicked
Hotel
Passion &
Experience
Safe &
Protected
Best price
Guarantee
Quick
Quotes
/images/compress/60/uploads/experiences/resized/7elQSzSUV4YxhkU8MQD6ksxTGSKUusd1.jpg
Learn to Dive Holiday
/holiday-type/learn_to_dive_holiday
/images/compress/60/uploads/experiences/resized/KE59cAAtTP3b3VnrkahECOXKuyEDczt5.jpg
Multi Sport Holiday
/holiday-type/multi_sport_holiday
/images/compress/60/uploads/experiences/resized/jkf4PpQS47WLFkShrKpGGQhiIuvL7d85.jpg
Family Dive Holidays
/holiday-type/Family_Dive_Holidays
/images/compress/60/uploads/experiences/resized/rhUxaKokrZekEAG4OrhtwofMFKkg2vTI.jpg
Freediving Holiday
/holiday-type/freediving_holiday
/images/compress/60/uploads/experiences/resized/TR6W27xZuzUb5lxmMt568q9Mat4S9LJ1.jpg
Diving Honeymoon
/holiday-type/diving_honeymoon
/images/compress/60/uploads/experiences/resized/CHJ9xejw7TfKC9u9N1a3KEG8HyFZRPt4.jpg
Luxury Dive Holidays
/holiday-type/luxury_dive_holidays
/images/compress/60/uploads/experiences/resized/e3y5iFfVJ4H0OLUc4ZnDNqIVhsLMREVk.jpg
Shark Diving
/holiday-type/shark_diving
/images/compress/60/uploads/experiences/resized/MPX7xB7JEnV9qcYLFzBPJ5GEXExMrTaa.jpg
Whalesharks and Mantas
/holiday-type/diving_whalesharks_mantas
/images/compress/60/uploads/experiences/resized/ThGadYJdrRcM5y1hjdeVpGa1NkvXY5xU.jpg
Underwater Photography
/holiday-type/underwater_photography
/images/compress/60/uploads/experiences/resized/YF8Nnay7ymemLcASFsgdJlk3SddWqiKg.jpg
Wreck Diving
/holiday-type/wreck_diving
/images/compress/60/uploads/experiences/resized/xDM2Sp2zuyRNyMYNLxrXGdrI88ZKlBTQ.jpg
Adventure Travel
/holiday-type/adventure_travel
/images/compress/60/uploads/experiences/resized/v8OtdAscwsu45mM0DOk0BIeO47Hxtp33.jpg
Hidden Escapes
/holiday-type/hidden_escapes
What our customers say
You managed my anxiety [about the travel disruption] in a very polite and gentle way and supported me during the process of finding alternatives. Long story short: I'll definitely book again with you and suggest you as the agency to go for any trip. Don't give up!
Excellent!
Zoe
Dakhla, Morocco
I am entirely happy with how things have been handled with the travel disruption. I was dealt with flexibly, sympathetically and in a timely fashion. I have no worries that my deposit is secure and I appreciated not being pursued for the balance. The willingness of the team to provide clear information and guidance ... longish phone calls and detailed emails. This really counts. Well done to all.
Excellent!
Penelope
Le Morne, Mauritius
Just wanted to thank you for creating our holiday for us - we loved it and could not have wished for a better time. Your bespoke design was perfect and we cannot wait (Corona allowing) to book with you guys again.
Excellent!
David
Soma Bay, Egypt
I just thought I would send you best wishes for success in surviving this dreadful time. The week we had with you was exceptional and I cannot even begin to think what a torrid time those great guys must be having at present. I so hope we can manage to do another of that quality soon.
Excellent!
Robert
Le Morne, Mauritius
Discover your Planet
Here at Planet Dive Holidays we have personally searched the globe for the very best Dive Holiday locations, combining quality accommodation and the very best Dive centres in the world. We only work with locations that we have personally vetted, so please call and speak to a Dive
travel expert now on 0044 (0) 1273 921001.
What's Trending This Month?
Want to know what are the most popular dive holiday resorts, hotels and tours being booked in December?
South Male Atoll in the Maldives is the right place to see grey reef sharks and eagle rays from December to April. Green turtles and hawksbill turtles are gathering for nesting in Tanzania. This is a peak travel period so book early to guarantee availability, but the weeks prior to Christmas can be great value for money on last minute getaways.
Bonaire
Dutch Antilles
TOP hotel
Boutique Wind Hotel
TOP hotel
Harbour Village
Maldives
Maldives
TOP hotel
Amilla Fushi
TOP hotel
Anantara Dhigu Luxury Family Only
TOP hotel
Anantara Veli Luxury Adult Only Resort
TOP hotel
Conrad Maldives Rangali Island
TOP hotel
Constance Moofushi
TOP hotel
Finolhu
TOP hotel
Niyama
TOP hotel
OBLU Select at Sangeli
TOP hotel
Six Senses Laamu
TOP hotel
The Standard Huruvalhi
TOP tour
15 Day Sri Lanka Tour
TOP tour
Adventure Trekking Sri Lanka
TOP tour
Luxury Sri Lanka Journey
TOP tour
Maldives Liveaboard & Land based Experience
TOP tour
South West Sri Lanka
TOP tour
Sri Lanka Essentials Luxury
TOP tour
Sri Lanka Special
TOP liveaboard
Azalea
TOP liveaboard
Blue Force One
TOP liveaboard
Carpe Diem
TOP liveaboard
Dhoni Stella I
TOP liveaboard
Emperor Serenity
TOP liveaboard
Four Seasons Explorer
TOP liveaboard
Scubaspa Ying
Mauritius Island
Mauritius
TOP hotel
Lux Grand Gaube
TOP hotel
The St Regis Resort Mauritius
TOP hotel
The Westin Turtle Bay Resort & Spa
TOP hotel
Trou aux Biches Resort & Spa
TOP tour
Boutique Luxury South Africa
TOP tour
Langebaan + Safari + Cape Town
TOP tour
Mauritius + South Africa + Victoria Falls Hidden Escapes
TOP tour
Mauritius + South Africa Safari Family Tour
TOP hotel
Anantara Medjumbe Island Resort & Spa
Southern Mozambique
Mozambique
TOP tour
Mozambique Dive Perfection
Featured this Month on Planet TV
Why book with Planet diving Holidays and the latest videos from our top Diving Holiday locations around the Planet.
Dive Video
Mauritius Island
Maldives
Sal
Why Book With Planet Dive Holidays ?
Dive Video From Mauritius Island, Mauritius
Dive Video From Maldives, Maldives
Dive Video From Sal, Cape Verde
Latest Special Offers
We have put together an exclusive collection of the world's best luxury hotels all at the best possible locations to enjoy your next dive holiday, all handpicked by our Diving experts.
FREE night at Hotel Morabeza in Sal!
Stay at Hotel Morabeza in Sal from Nov 2021 to Apr 2022 and only pay for six nights when you stay seven.&nbsp;
30% off plus free upgrades in the Maldives
Book at the luxurious Cocoon Maldives Resort you get up to 40% off your stay plus a free upgrade from half board to all-inclusive. You will also get a free room upgrade for stays for 4 nights and more and 1 free excursion to the nearby local island.
25% off at Vilamendhoo Maldives
25% off at Vilamendhoo Maldives
25% off Finolhu, Maldives
Confirm your stay in the Maldives and receive a 25% discount on your room at Finolhu for 2021.
30% off in the Maldives
Visit LUX South Ari Atoll in the Maldives and get 30% off your accommodation.
Up to 25% off the OBLU Helengali
View all special offers >
Frequently Asked Questions
Why book with Planet, can't I just do it myself?
We are sometimes asked ‘why book with a Tour Operator, isn't it cheaper just to book direct with the airline, hotel, sport centre etc..  ?' A holiday booked with Planet Travel can be quite a lot cheaper than a member of the public can find by booking direct as we have specially negotiated tour operator prices with our suppliers. However, it does depend on the particular holiday and airline so occasionally it can be that we are a little more expense, but by a relativley small margins.
We understand how important it is to get your holiday right. We are experts at what we do and will always give impartial advice. Even if we are a little more expensive at times our clients are generally happy in the knowledge they are getting an exceptional value holiday, to the correct location and accommodation for the specific requirements given.
However, if you feel for any reason that you are not getting the very best value just talk with one of our experienced travel professionals and we can check to ensure the best prices. Very often a price difference comes down to a higher level of service that we have included, or difference in terms of dates, duration or room category. It's always best to checkl
Planet is a fully bonded travel company that means a holiday booked with us is fully protected against any failures in service such as an airline cancelling or hotel over booking.
Planet Travel focus on offering the highest levels of service, expert impartial advice and quality accommodation; a combination that we hope you will agree, offers exceptional value for money.
Daniel
What can I book with Planet ?
Planet Travel is a tour operator which means we are a fully licensed travel company offering holidays inclusive of flights, transfers, accommodation, sports instruction / rental and tours. We do not sell flights only as our trade airfares are designed to be sold as part of a holiday but we can sell accommodation or sports services only if you wish. However, it is always best to try and book your flights and accommodation together with us so that the whole holiday is protected with our travel agency bonding.
Matt
Can I Learn to Dive on Holiday?
Absolutely! For some general information take a look at our About Dive Intruction . For a more specific description of suitable courses take a look at our Learn To Dive page (both pages under the Holiday Types tab at the top of this page). You can Learn to Dive in many of our dive destinations. However some are more suitable than others so give us a call to talk over some options.
Daniel
Do I need Travel Insurance?
It is not compulsory but STONGLY adviced It is essential that you have valid insurance to cover cancelation prior to departure and a good medical cover during your holiday. In addition you will need to ensure it provides adequate cover for the sport you will be doing. Skiing, Snowboarding and Kitesurfing normally entail a policy uplift.
Planet Travel is not an authorised insurance broker so we do not provide our own insurance for you. However, we do provide total ATOL and financial protection for your holiday funds.
Marcus
Can i Just call for advice, I don't want to book.
There is a huge amount of information on our website which is free to use. We really do try to do our best to help our clients, and put a huge amount of time and effort into every enquiry we get. If we are not able to find the correct holiday we are very happy to give you advice on where and how you may be able to find what you are looking for. However, we often spend a lot of time advicing clients, following up with detailed holiday itineraries, with no feedback or response at all. For us this is very demoralising and often frustrating. We simply ask that if you do use our service, we are kept informed about your holiday plans. As a small tour operator most of our holidays are bespoke tailor made, which involes a lot of time and effort for every enquiry.
Thank you !
Marcus
Why can't I search & book a holiday on-line?
Planet Travel are a specialist niche tour operator. Our main objective is to be able to use our huge amount of expert knowledge and experience to provide you with correct holiday.With this in mind it is important that we speak our to clients directly, which is why we do not provide on-line booking.
In each of the hotel pages we offer a price guide based on a one week flight inclusive holiday. Please note prices will vary a lot over peak holiday periods.
We are very good at giving fast quotes over the phone and can then follow up with detailed holiday itineraries on the trips that fit you best.
So please just call us in the first instance for an immediate best price availability check.
Paul
How to I book a holiday with Planet
Once we have discussed your requirement and agreed upon the correct holiday we will email you a full holiday itinerary for your approval. You will then need to call or email us with passenger names (as per passport) and address. Initial deposit payment must to take by phone unless we agree otherwise. We will then book all requested services and email you with a final holiday confirmation. At this stage you will be given access to our post booking client area where you can check all of your details, amend your contact information, add API (additional passenger information such as passport numbers) and pay any balance as it becomes due.
All money received by us goes directly to a Travel Trust account that is over seen by the Travel trust Association for your complete financial protection.
Travel documents are emailed around 2-3 week prior to departure or immediately if within this time.
Matt
Is my holiday protected with Planet Travel
Holiday financial and ATOL protection
All our holidays with flights are covered by ATOL and TTA, and our holidays that do not include flights are still covered by our TTA protection, which means that you are 100% financially protected when you book your holiday with us. So what does that mean exactly for your holiday financial protection?
Planet Travel has ATOL (Air Travel Organiser’s License) bonding and our ATOL number is T7314. By law, every UK travel company which sells air holidays and flights in the UK is required to hold an ATOL.  If for any reason a travel company with an ATOL ceases trading, the ATOL scheme protects customers who had booked holidays with that firm. It ensures they do not get stranded abroad or lose money. The scheme is designed to reassure consumers that their money is safe, and will provide assistance in the event of a travel company failure.
ATOL protection does not apply to holidays and travel services which exclude flights, for which protection is afforded by our membership of the Travel Trust Association.
Planet have been a TTA (Travel Trust Association) member since October 2001. Every TTA member deposits your money into the Trust Account, this happens directly following your booking. A Trust Account is a bank account designated to hold the customer’s money. Your money remains in the Trust Account and is supervised by an appointed trustee who is either a banker, chartered or certified accountant or a solicitor. Both the Travel Trust Association members and the trustee are required to authorise payments from the trust account. In addition to being held in trust, you also have a financial guarantee from the Travel Trust Association.
Marcus
Ring Me
Send Message
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website
Got It!
Read Policy