http://www.greatvehicles.com/index.cgi?page=privacy-policy
This Domain is Currently Up For Auction!
GreatVehicles.com is currently for sale on GoDaddy's Domain Auction marketplace. Low starting price, no reserve!
Check it out!
Use Agreement, Privacy Statement and Consumer & Fraud Information
Use Agreement
These vehicle classified ads are provided by GreatVehicles.com.
While every effort is made to be accurate,
by using this site or any GreatVehicles.com services, you agree that neither the advertisers nor the
publisher will be responsible for misinformation, typographical errors, etc., herein or for any form
of damages arising from the viewing of, the use of, or participation in any of the related websites or
services. You are agreeing that viewing and usage of the same is at your own risk. Company names,
manufacturer names and model names of the items listed as well as logos are the property of their
respective companies and are used only for purposes of identifying the element. No part of GreatVehicles.com
or its published material may be reproduced in any form without prior consent of the publisher.
Our Privacy Policy
GreatVehicles.com is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. The following outlines
our information gathering, use and dissemination practices for the GreatVehicles.com website.
Consumer Information
As you view our website, GreatVehicles.com does not collect any personally identifiable information about you
such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address unless you choose to provide us with such information.
For example, you may voluntarily provide personal identifiable information when you place a vehicle for sale
on our website.
GreatVehicles.com does automatically collect some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the
Internet Service Provider, domain name or IP address you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, or
the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example). The information collected by
GreatVehicles.com is used for the purpose of measuring the effectiveness of our web site.
GreatVehicles.com may aggregate information collected on this website in order to understand more about who
visits this website.
None of the aggregated information is used to identify anyone personally.
When certain types of personal information (such as credit card information) are requested, we redirect you
through a secure server (You should see the padlock in your browser signifying that the page is using SSL.
If this is not the case, please do not enter personal information and contact us immediately).
This
information is saved in an encrypted format and then is transferred and stored encrypted off the Internet
(for example, on CD-ROM or DVD).
Of course, information that is voluntarily presented as contact information for a "for sale" listing will
be publicly displayed on our web site according to the options you have chosen.
Information we collect may be disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities
conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable
laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website.
This information may be disclosed
to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, or other corporate
change respecting the website.
We may use cookies to store search keywords or other information that will better serve visitors when they return to
our website (for example, we may automatically fill in previous search keywords into our search fields so you don't have
to retype keywords each time).
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit this website. These companies may use information
about your visits to this website in order to tailor advertisements on this website, other sites and other forms of media
about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to
know your choices about not having this information used by these companies,
click here.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify
you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward.
If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
If you are participating in any form of newsletter program that is being managed and hosted by GreatVehicles.com, the email
address that you provide to us will only be used by GreatVehicles.com to send email communications that you have specifically
told us you are interested in receiving. This information will never be made available to any third parties.
You may remove
yourself from the newsletter program at any time by alerting us via our "Contact Us" form.
If you have any additional questions about GreatVehicles.com's dedication to consumer privacy, please contact us.
Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Fraud Information
Like any form of media the Internet can be a tool for good or for bad.
There is a percentage of business transactions on the Internet
that are subject to fraud, scams and cheats.
Just like normal transactions, buyers and sellers need to be aware of their surroundings
and be cautious in their transactions.
If you have placed an ad on our network, for your personal security, we hide your email address from public view.
Keep in mind that even though your email address is hidden people can still send email to you via our contact form.
Once you send a direct email to the person who has emailed you, they will have you email address.
You do have the option
of setting up and using a free temporary email address from email providers such as gmail.com, yahoo.com or hotmail.com and using
that as your contact email address.
Some of the people who contact you may be unscrupulous people.
Some of these unscrupulous people utilize an old scam from Nigeria that has found new prominence on the Internet.
This scam is commonly known as a "419" scam and usually involves the cheating of people with a variety of routines.
You may receive a message of this type so we suggest you read and consider the text at:
http://home.rica.net/alphae/419coal/
Unfortunately, some sellers may be scam artists.
They often post pictures of vehicles for sale that they don't own at greatly
reduced values and try to convince potential buyers to send them a down payment or use some other method of obtaining money from a potential
buyer.
We recommend the use of escrow services, an inexpensive way to protect both buyers and sellers during personal transactions.
Many banks and institutions offer these services and so does this company:
http://www.escrow.com/
If you need to report fraud on the Internet there is an online partnership between the FBI and the National White Collar Crime Center at
http://www.ic3.gov
In addition, we also recommend the following websites that deal with scams and myths perpetuated in various ways on the Internet:
http://www.fraud.org/
http://www.scambusters.org/
The Internet is a wonderful tool and it would be a shame for you to have a negative experience resulting from contact with bad people. We hope you find this information helpful.
Effective Date: Nov 30, 2011
This Domain Currently Up For Auction!
GreatVehicles.com is currently for sale on GoDaddy's Domain Auction marketplace. Low starting price, no reserve!
Check it out!
30.5_97.6_Round Rock_TX