http://www.speedycam.be/privacy/
Our data protection philosophy in one sentence: As a small family business that has existed since 1995, it has always been our main priority, and in our own interest, to keep our customers’ personal data safe; we do not share it with third parties or perform any automatic profiling.
Euregio.Net AG, which is the operator of SpeedyCam.be, is committed to safeguarding your personal rights. This includes the right to privacy, which is guaranteed by article 22 of the Belgian Constitution and article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR).
We have written this privacy statement to explain to you, in accordance with the requirements of the European General Data Protection Regulation (EU-GDPR Regulation (EU) 2016/679), what information we collect, how we use data, and what choices you as a visitor to this website have (and all other websites that we operate independently in the course of our activities). Unfortunately, it is in the nature of the matter that these explanations sound very technical, but we have tried to describe the most important things easily and clearly in the creation of this privacy policy. The EU-GDPR will enter into force on 25 May 2018.
Contact us at [email protected] if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you.
By using this site or/and our services, you consent to the Processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is a part of our Terms and Conditions; by agreeing to Terms and Conditions you also agree to this Policy. In the event of collision of terms used in Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy, the latter shall prevail.
Table of Contents
Definitions used in this Policy
Data protection principles we follow
What rights do you have regarding your Personal Data
What Personal Data we gather about you
How we use your Personal Data
Who else has access to your Personal Data
How we secure your data
Information about cookies
Contact information
Definitions
Personal Data — any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Processing — any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data.
Data subject — a natural person whose Personal Data is being Processed.
Child — a natural person under 16 years of age.
We/us (either capitalized or not) — Euregio.Net AG
Data Protection Principles
We promise to follow the following data protection principles:
Processing is lawful, fair, transparent. Our Processing activities have lawful grounds. We always consider your rights before Processing Personal Data. We will provide you information regarding Processing upon request.
Processing is limited to the purpose. Our Processing activities fit the purpose for which Personal Data was gathered.
Processing is done with minimal data. We only gather and Process the minimal amount of Personal Data required for any purpose.
Processing is limited with a time period. We will not store your personal data for longer than needed.
We will do our best to ensure the accuracy of data.
We will do our best to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of data.
Data Subject’s rights
The Data Subject has the following rights:
Right to information — meaning you have the right to know whether your Personal Data is being processed; what data is gathered, from where it is obtained and why and by whom it is processed.
Right to access — meaning you have the right to access the data collected from/about you. This includes your right to request and obtain a copy of your Personal Data gathered.
Right to rectification — meaning you have the right to request rectification or erasure of your Personal Data that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure — meaning in certain circumstances you can request for your Personal Data to be erased from our records.
Right to restrict processing — meaning where certain conditions apply, you have the right to restrict the Processing of your Personal Data.
Right to object to processing — meaning in certain cases you have the right to object to Processing of your Personal Data, for example in the case of direct marketing.
Right to object to automated Processing — meaning you have the right to object to automated Processing, including profiling; and not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated Processing. This right you can exercise whenever there is an outcome of the profiling that produces legal effects concerning or significantly affecting you.
Right to data portability — you have the right to obtain your Personal Data in a machine-readable format or if it is feasible, as a direct transfer from one Processor to another.
Right to lodge a complaint — in the event that we refuse your request under the Rights of Access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. If you are not satisfied with the way your request has been handled please contact us.
Right for the help of supervisory authority — meaning you have the right for the help of a supervisory authority and the right for other legal remedies such as claiming damages.
Right to withdraw consent — you have the right withdraw any given consent for Processing of your Personal Data.
Data we gather
– Information you have provided us with
This could be your email address, name, billing address, home address, etc. — mainly information necessary for the provision of a product/service or to improve your customer experience with us. We will store the information you provide to us so that you can comment or perform other activities on the website. This information includes your name and email address, for example. We therefore only use your personal data for the communication with those visitors who expressly want contact and for the processing of the services and products offered on this website. We do not disclose your personal information without consent, but we cannot rule out the fact that this data is viewed in the presence of unlawful conduct.
– Information automatically collected about you
This includes information that is automatically stored by cookies and other session tools. For example, your shopping cart information, your IP address, your shopping history (if there is any) etc. This information is used to improve your customer experience. When you visit any website these days, certain information is automatically created and stored — this is also the case on this website. If you visit our website as you are now, our web server (the computer on which this website is stored) automatically stores data such as the IP address of your device, the addresses of the visited sub-pages, details about your browser (e.g. Chrome, Firefox, Edge, …) and date and time. We only use this data to identify problems with the programming of the site and do not normally pass this data on, but we cannot rule out that this data will be seen in the presence of unlawful behaviour.
– Information from our partners
We gather information from our trusted partners with confirmation that they have legal grounds to share that information with us. This is either information you have provided them directly with or that they have gathered about you on other legal grounds. See the list of our partners here.
– Publicly available information
We might gather information about you that is publicly available.
How we use your Personal Data
We use your Personal Data in order to:
provide our service to you. This includes for example registering your account; providing you with other products and services that you have requested; providing you with promotional items at your request and communicating with you in relation to those products and services; communicating and interacting with you; and notifying you of changes to any services.
enhance your customer experience;
fulfil an obligation under law or contract;
We use your Personal Data on legitimate grounds and/or with your Consent.
On the grounds of entering into a contract or fulfilling contractual obligations, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to identify you;
to provide you a service or to send/offer you a product;
to communicate either for sales or invoicing;
On the ground of legitimate interest, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you personalized offers (from us and/or our carefully selected partners);
to administer and analyse our client base (purchasing behaviour and history) in order to improve the quality, variety, and availability of products/ services offered/provided;
to conduct questionnaires concerning client satisfaction;
As long as you have not informed us otherwise, we consider offering you products/services that are similar or same to your purchasing history/browsing behaviour to be our legitimate interest.
With your consent we process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you newsletters and campaign offers (from us and/or our carefully selected partners);
for other purposes we have asked your consent for;
We process your Personal Data in order to fulfil obligation rising from law and/or use your Personal Data for options provided by law. We reserve the right to anonymise Personal Data gathered and to use any such data. We will use data outside the scope of this Policy only when it is anonymised. We store your billing information and other information collected about you, as long as it is required for accounting purposes or other obligations from law, but no longer than the Belgian law requires.
We might process your Personal Data for additional purposes that are not mentioned here, but are compatible with the original purpose for which the data was gathered. To do this, we will ensure that:
the link between purposes, context and nature of Personal Data is suitable for further Processing;
the further Processing would not harm your interests and
there would be appropriate safeguard for Processing.
We will inform you of any further Processing and purposes.
Who else can access your Personal Data
We do not share your Personal Data with strangers. Personal Data about you is in some cases provided to our trusted partners in order to either make the service to you possible or to enhance your customer experience. We share your data with:
Our processing partners:
Data centers (Perceval, Combell, pair networks), content delivery networks (CloudFlare, pair networks), Spam Firewall (Barracuda), Helpdesk Software (FreshWorks), Dropbox, Apple icloud, Koalaboox.
Our business partners:
Accountant and accounting software
We only work with Processing partners who are able to ensure adequate level of protection to your Personal Data. We disclose your Personal Data to third parties or public officials when we are legally obliged to do so. We might disclose your Personal Data to third parties if you have consented to it or if there are other legal grounds for it.
How we secure your data
We do our best to keep your Personal Data safe. We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS, SSL, TLS). We use anonymising and pseudonymising where suitable. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.
Even though we try our best we can not guarantee the security of information. However, we promise to notify suitable authorities of data breaches. We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We will do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.
If you have an account with us, note that you have to keep your username and password secret.
Children
We do not intend to collect or knowingly collect information from children. We do not target children with our services.
Cookies and other technologies we use
We use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyse customer behaviour, administer the website, track users’ movements, and to collect information about users. This is done in order to personalise and enhance your experience with us.
A cookie is a tiny text file stored on your computer. Cookies store information that is used to help make sites work. Only we can access the cookies created by our website. You can control your cookies at the browser level. Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Necessary cookies — these cookies are required for you to be able to use some important features on our website, such as logging in. These cookies don’t collect any personal information.
Functionality cookies — these cookies provide functionality that makes using our service more convenient and makes providing more personalised features possible. For example, they might remember your name and e-mail in comment forms so you don’t have to re-enter this information next time when commenting.
Analytics cookies – these cookies are used to track the use and performance of our website and services
Advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are relevant to you and to your interests. In addition, they are used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. They are usually placed to the website by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. These cookies remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
You can remove cookies stored in your computer via your browser settings. Alternatively, you can control some 3rd party cookies by using a privacy enhancement platform such as optout.aboutads.info or youronlinechoices.com. For more information about cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to measure traffic on our website. Google has their own Privacy Policy which you can review here. If you’d like to opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Google Fonts
We use Google Fonts from Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) on our website. The use of Google Fonts is done without authentication and no cookies are sent to the Google Fonts API. If you have an account with Google, none of your Google account information will be sent to Google during the use of Google fonts. Google only collects the use of CSS and the fonts used and stores this data securely. More about these and other questions you will find on https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq. You can read about what data is collected by Google and what this data is used for, on https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Facebook
We use on this website features of Facebook, a social media network of the company Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland. You can read about the functions (social plug-ins) Facebook provides on https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/ By visiting our website, information can be transmitted to Facebook. If you have a Facebook account, Facebook can associate that information with your personal account. If you do not wish to do so, please log out of Facebook. The privacy policy, what information Facebook collects and how you use it, can be found on https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
YouTube
We use on this site the video service YouTube, of the company YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. By accessing pages of our website that have integrated YouTube videos, data is transferred, stored and evaluated to/by YouTube. If you have a YouTube account and are logged in, this information will be assigned to your personal account and the data stored therein. You can read about what data is collected by Google and what this data is used for https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Google+
We use on our website features of Google +, the social network of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). If you want to take full advantage of the features offered, you need a Google account. Also with the use of the functions (Google + 1 buttons, Google + badge, follow button, Google + Share button and link, sign-in button, Hangout button) without Google account, information is already sent to Google. If you are logged in with your Google account while using the above mentioned features, your data will be published worldwide and collected and evaluated by Google, depending on the setting on https://plus.google.com/settings/. You can read about what data is collected by Google and what this data is used for, on https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Google AdSense
We use Google AdSense, the advertising program of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) on our websites. Data on the displayed advertising media and their IP address may be transmitted to servers in the USA and evaluated there. In AdSense, cookies are intended to provide better advertising, the cookies do not contain personalized data. Google AdSense sends a cookie to the browser after every impression, every click and every other activity that leads to a call to the Google AdSense server. If the browser accepts the cookie, it is stored there. Third-party vendors may be able to place and read cookies in your browser or use Web beacons to store data that you receive through ad delivery on the site. Web beacons are small graphics that enable a log file recording and a log file analysis that are used for statistical evaluations for online marketing.
Disable cookies
You can delete cookies that are already on your computer or disable cookies at any time. The procedure for doing this is different according to the browser, preferably you search the instructions in Google with the search term “delete cookies Chrome” or “disable Cookies chrome” in the case of a Chrome browser or swap the word “chrome” against the name of your browser, e.g. Edge, Firefox, Safari, Opera, Internet Explorer. If you generally do not allow us to use cookies, i.e. disable them by browser setting, some functions and pages may not work as expected.
Disable personalized Advertising
If you have a Google account, you can turn off personalized advertising on the https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated page. Also, if you disable ads personalization, you may still see ads based on factors such as your approximate location, which is derived from your IP address, the type of browser, and the recently used search terms. You can read about what data is collected by Google and what this data is used for, on https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
MailPoet newsletter & emails
If you have subscribed to our newsletter or if you are a member of our website (you can log in) or if you have purchased on our website, there is a good chance you will receive emails from us.
We will only send you emails which you have signed up to receive, or which pertain to the services we provided to you.
To send you emails, we use the name and email address you provide us. Our site also logs the IP address you used when you signed up for the service to prevent abuse of the system.
This website can send emails through the MailPoet or SMTP2GO sending services. These services allows us to track opens and clicks on our emails. We use this information to improve the content of our newsletters.
No identifiable information is otherwise tracked outside this website except for the email address.
MailPoet’s privacy policy can be found here https://www.mailpoet.com/privacy-notice/
SMTP2GO’s privacy policy can be found here: https://www.smtp2go.com/privacy/
Contact Information
Euregio.Net AG
Contact: Jochen Savelberg
Wirtzfeld, Zur Holzwarche 29
4760 Büllingen
Belgium
Email: [email protected]
Supervisory Authority
In Belgium, this is the “Data Protection Authority”. You can find it’s website at https://www.dataprotectionauthority.be.
Email: [email protected]
Phone: +32 2 274 48 00
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy.
Last modification was made May 25, 2018.
You can find out privacy policy here: https://www.speedycam.be/privacy/
Disclaimer: the following privacy policy has been partly translated by Microsoft’s Bing. Please refer to the original German language version for reference. In the event of collision, the German language version shall prevail.
Recent Posts
Bütgenbach – Malmedy Loop
Spa-Francorchamps Public Driving Experience
Volvo S60 2.5T AWD
Rocherath (B) – Wirtzfeld (B)
Nissan Primera 2.0 TD Cosmic – snow pictures
Categories
Belgium
Corvette
Movies
Nissan
Pictures
Volvo
Enter the “drive-around” cinema