https://www.camptakodah.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyTakodah YMCA knows that users of its web site care about the personal information they provide to us. This privacy policy, which is part of our overall Terms and Conditions of Use, is designed to provide you with information about how we collect, store and use personally identifiable information obtained through our web site. We refer to this information as “personal information.” Takodah YMCA reserves the right to revise this privacy policy from time to time, and by using Takodah YMCA web site, you are agreeing to the terms of the then current privacy policy.How Information Is CollectedWhen you wish to utilize certain of our web site services, we will ask you for information such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, certain demographic information and (if needed) credit card information. We need certain information in order to register you as a unique user and let you access personalized services. However, other requested information is optional and can be given at your discretion.Like most web sites, Takodah YMCA uses “cookies.” A “cookie” is a text file, invoked by standard browser software, that we place on your hard drive to enable our systems to recognize your browser, track transactions, and allow you to navigate our web site without having to re-enter information. The information gathered by cookies is not made available to any unaffiliated organizations. We may also automatically receive and store certain other types of information, such as the type of web browser you use or the pages you link to from Takodah YMCA web site.Use Of Information We CollectPersonal information collected through this web site may be used by Takodah YMCA to communicate with you, register you as a user, allow purchasing and shipping of tickets, subscriptions, memberships and/or merchandise, make donations, enable you to participate in special promotions and to navigate the web site without having to re-enter information, administer our web site, comply with applicable law, and as otherwise provided in this privacy policy. We may occasionally make personal information available to select other organizations, including but not limited to affiliated organizations, agents working on our behalf, companies or organizations with whom we have a contractual or sponsor relationship, or in connection with an asset transfer. We may also provide aggregated data to these and other organizations.We use personal information to send updates and notices to registered users via e-mail. If you provide your mailing address or telephone number, Takodah YMCA may also use your personal information to contact you by mail or by telephone regarding special offers from Takodah YMCA, updated information about Takodah YMCA or Takodah YMCA web site, and new services offered by Takodah YMCA If you wish to be removed from this contact list, you may do so by contacting Takodah YMCA directly. (See the “Whom to Contact If You Have Questions” section below).Administration Of Our Web Site / Compliance With LawWe may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms and Conditions of Use or to protect the safety, property or other rights of our users or the public. In addition, we may disclose or access account information for administrative and other purposes that we believe are necessary to develop, maintain, and improve our products and services. We also may disclose your personal information if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, a subpoena, or other legal process.You Can Review And Change Your Personal InformationWe encourage users to update and edit their personal information and keep it current. You can easily correct or update your personal information via the web site.Security Used To Protect Your InformationWe store all user information in secure databases protected via a variety of access controls, including password protection and electronic firewalls.Other Organizations Featured On Our Web SiteWe may provide links to other web sites, but Takodah YMCA is not responsible for the privacy policies, terms and conditions of use, or content of any such web sites. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and terms and conditions of use of linked web sites. You may agree to provide personal information to other companies who provide content for various parts of our web site. If you agree to provide information to such companies, that information will be subject to their privacy policies.Use Of Our Web Site By ChildrenWe do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under age 13. Any section of the web site directed at children under age 13 will not request personal information.Whom To Contact If You Have QuestionsIf you have any questions, please contact our organization by calling 603-352-0447, faxing 603-352-0516, or emailing info@takodahymca.org.