http://www.mibeercans.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Contact
Privacy Policy
Submit an article
Terms and Conditions
Search for:
Sharing is caring!0shares
Share
Tweet
Pin
Google+
LinkedIn
Mi Beer Cans Terms of Service
1. Terms
By accessing the website at http://mibeercans.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Mi Beer Cans’ website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Mi Beer Cans’ website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Mi Beer Cans at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Mi Beer Cans’ website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. Mi Beer Cans makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Mi Beer Cans does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Mi Beer Cans or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Mi Beer Cans’ website, even if Mi Beer Cans or a Mi Beer Cans authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Mi Beer Cans’ website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Mi Beer Cans does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Mi Beer Cans may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Mi Beer Cans does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Mi Beer Cans has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Mi Beer Cans of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Modifications
Mi Beer Cans may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of united states and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Daniel from Team Music was portentous to product
Escape post have grown increasingly public in libraries over the beyond
A few showrooms are accessible and offer conveyance to the home insights concerning showroom
How to find a live-in carer?
The application utilized for group building and it’s exercises
Pinterest
0shares
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings