http://www.glenmorangie.com/en-int/privacy-and-cookies
Skip to main content
Search
Search
Personal data & Cookies
Last Updated: 13 April 2018
PRIVACY NOTICE
For the purpose of this notice the words ('we' / 'us' / 'our') are in reference to the data controller defined below.
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy. This notice sets out how we will treat your personal data.
What information do we collect
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data (non-exhaustive list):
information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including names, addresses, date of birth, email address); and
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website, newsletters and email services as well as, subject to your consent, offers, news and events related to other entities of the Moët Hennessy group either by e-mail, SMS, MMS, telephone or post; and
information that you provide to us to book rooms at Glenmorangie House or tours at Glenmorangie Visitor Center; and
information that you provide to us to reply to your questions, complaints or orders of documents, products or services sent via the “Contact us” or similar forms; and
any other information that you send to us or we collect about you (e.g. IP addresses).
What about Cookies
For more information, please view our Cookie Notice
How do you use my Personal Data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
Where we are required to do this by law. This includes in connection with legal claims and compliance purposes (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation).
Where it is in our legitimate interests to do this and where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights. This includes operations to know your preferences better, serve you with meaningful content and advertising or ensure the security and integrity of our website.
With your consent. This includes situations where you consent to the use of cookies for instance.
Unless you have opted-out from receiving the following (in writing) or tell us at any time in the future that you would like to 'opt-out' from receiving the following, we will, in addition to the purposes noted above, use your email address, postal address, phone number and/or mobile phone number to send to you updates about products, services of Glenmorangie, news and other special offers from us that we think may be of interest to you.
When we ask you to supply us with personal data we will make it clear where there is a statutory or contractual (mandatory) requirement to provide personal data and the consequences of not providing the data.
Recipients of Personal Data
In accordance with law, we may share your personal data with:
Other Moët Hennessy brands or entities worldwide, for the purpose of sending you information about their offers, news and events. Click here to have access to the list of the entities of the Moët Hennessy group.
our possible subcontractors (providers of hosting and maintenance services of the Site, etc.), for purely technical and logistical reasons,
Law enforcement or governmental agencies, or authorized third-parties, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other of our users to legal liability.
The purchaser, or prospective purchaser of any business or asset which we are, or are contemplating selling.
The website may contain links to other websites for reference purposes only. We are not responsible for the content, privacy notices or practices of third party websites in these circumstances. Please contact them directly for more information.
Data transfers
We may transfer personal data to countries outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"), including to countries which have different data protection standards to those which apply in the EEA. We have put in place European Commission approved standard contractual clauses to protect this data. You have a right to ask us for a copy of these clauses (by contacting us as set out below).
Data retention
Data is retained for a period appropriate to the purposes for which it was collected and is, by default, destroyed at the end of a one (1) year period of inactivity following their collection date unless otherwise provided by law.
Please note however that appropriate data related to subscription of current services (e.g. newsletters) will be deleted one (1) month after you have notified us that you want to unsubscribe to such services.
Amendments
We may update this notice from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
We may also notify you of changes to our notice by email.
Your rights
You may ask us for a copy of your information, to correct it, erase it or to transfer it to other organisations at your request. You also have rights to object to some processing and, where we have asked for your consent to process your data, to withdraw this consent. In particular, you have rights to object to direct marketing at any time. Where we process your data because we have a legitimate interest in doing so (as explained above), you also have a right to object to this. These rights may be limited in some situations – for example, where we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your data.
We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your data. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities.
Are children allowed to use our website?
We do not sell products or services for purchase by children. All individuals are required to enter their date of birth upon entering the site.
Updating information about myself
Please let us know if the personal data which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated by contacting us as set out below.
You can unsubscribe from the Glenmorangie emailing list at any time using the “Unsubscribe” link in our emails, or by accessing your Account.
Controller of Personal Data & questions
The data controller is Macdonald & Muir Ltd registered in Scotland with company number SC19038 and whose registered office is at The Cube, 45 Leith Street, Edinburgh, EH1 3AT.
Moët Hennessy's Group Data Protection Officer
Post: 58 Avenue de la Grande Armée – 75017 PARIS - France
Email: contactdpo@moethennessy.com
Should you have any questions about this notice or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by email: admin@glenmorangie.co.uk or write to us at: Macdonald & Muir Ltd, The Cube, 45 Leith Street, Edinburgh, EH1 3AT.
COOKIES NOTICE
Cookies – what are they?
A "cookie" is a piece of information, like a tag, that's stored on your computer, tablet or phone when you visit a website. It can help identify your device – like your PC or mobile phone – whenever you visit that website.
They are used by most major websites including ours. To make the best use of our website, on whichever device you use, you'll need to make sure your web browser is set to accept cookies.
What are cookies used for?
We use cookies and some other data stored on your device to:
give you a better online experience
allow you to set personal preferences
protect your security
measure and improve our service
work with partners and measure marketing
So what information is kept by the cookie?
A cookie will typically hold:
the name of the website that it has come from
how long the cookie will stay on your device
a value – usually a randomly generated unique number
The Cookies We Set
We use the following categories of cookies on our website:
Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for such as remembering your login details cannot be provided.
Category 2: Performance Cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information on how people use our Website. For example, we use Google Analytics cookies to help us understand how customers arrive at our website, browse or use our website and highlight areas where we can improve areas such as navigation, shopping experience and marketing campaigns. The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from which your individual identity can be established.
Category 3: Functionality Cookies
These cookies remember choices you make such as the Country/Region you visit our website from, language and search parameters such as size, colour or product line. These can then be used to provide you with an experience more appropriate to your selections and to make the visits more tailored and pleasant. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Category 4: Targeting cookies or advertising cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.  The cookies are usually placed by third party advertising networks.  They remember the websites you visit and that information is shared with other parties such as advertisers. For example, we use third party companies to provide you with more personalised adverts when visiting other websites.
Category 5: Social Media Cookies
These cookies allow you to share what you’ve been doing on the website on social media such as Facebook and Twitter. These cookies are not within our control.  Please refer to the respective privacy policies for how their cookies work.
How long do cookies stay on my computer
Session cookies – these only last until you close your browser. They are not stored on your hard drive. They are usually used to track the pages that you visit so that information can be customised for you for that visit.
Persistent cookies – these are stored on your hard drive until you delete them or they reach their expiry date. These may, for example, be used to remember your preferences when you use the site. We will not store cookies information for longer than 2 years.
What can I do to manage cookies stored on my computer or phone
You can accept or refuse cookies. Accepting cookies is usually the best way to make sure you get the best from a website. Most PCs automatically accept them but you can change your browser settings to restrict, block or delete cookies if you want. Each browser is different, so check the 'Help' menu of your particular browser (or your mobile phone's handset manual) to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Many browsers have universal privacy settings for you to choose from. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can also amend your preferences, Cookie Settings.
What happens if I don't accept cookies?
If you decline cookies, some aspects of the site may not work on your computer or mobile phone and you may not be able to access areas you want on the website. For this reason we recommend that you accept cookies.
Glenmorangie encourages drinking responsibly
Open modal
X
You are now being redirected to Clos19,our trusted online retail partner.
Shop on Clos19