https://www.watercressline.co.uk/article.php/7/privacy-policy/b1fc36914f9dc16e7475419d05a349e7
Your basket is empty
Menu
Visit Us
Calendar
Enjoy a trip on the Watercress Line
What to See
Timetable & Prices
How to Find Us
Facilities & Accessibility
Covid-19 Safety
Events & Experiences
Father Christmas
Steam Illuminations
Day Out With Thomas
Spring Steam Gala 2021
War on the Line
Urie Open Day
Diesel Gala
Alton Bus Rally
Vintage Vehicles Display
Open Weekend
Autumn Steam Gala
Standard Travel Dining Experiences
Family Experiences
Group Experiences
Education Experiences
Children's Birthday Parties
About us
Our History
Mid Hants Railway Preservation Society
AGM
Our trains
Canadian Pacific Project
Latest news
MHRPS blog
Contact us
Support Us
Donations
Annual membership
Volunteer
Legacies
Fundraising
Corporate fundraising
Home Page »
Privacy Policy
Share on:
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
THE MID HANTS RAILWAY LTD. PRIVACY POLICY
Who we are
In this Privacy Policy, Mid-Hants Railway Limited is referred to as "MHR”, "we”, "our” and "us”. We are committed to protecting your privacy in relation to the information we hold about you in line with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR”). For the purposes of GDPR we are the Data Controller and can be contacted by post at Alresford Railway Station, Alresford, Hampshire, SO24 9JG or by email at info@watercressline.co.uk.
References to "our website” are to www.watercressline.co.uk.
What information we may collect
We collect from you your personal details which we need to process any transaction we enter into with you. This may include your name, address, postcode, email address, telephone number and relevant correspondence. Where you have agreed to receive email updates on products and offers we may record information you have given us on your preferences.
How your data is held and processed
Your personal details are stored on a secure computer system. Any paper documents you have completed and any correspondence are held in a secure environment. We process your data only to contact you on products and matters of interest relating to MHR. Your data is not subject to any processing which includes automated decision making.
Legal basis for processing
We hold and process your data principally on the basis that we have obtained your positive consent. In some circumstances where consent has not been provided we may rely on MHR having a legitimate interest in processing your information.
How we use your information
If you have purchased a product or service from us we will provide an after sales service which may include passing your details to another organisation to supply and/or deliver the product or service.
We may use your email address to send you information about our products and services. In each case you will be given the option to re-affirm your consent and also to unsubscribe from email contact.
We may need to pass your information to other organisations for administrative purposes such as processing and sorting data, monitoring how our customers use our website and issuing emails on our behalf. We have verified that the organisations we use for these purposes are compliant with the requirements of GDPR and will not use your data for any purposes other than those authorised by us.
In order to effectively process credit or debit card transactions, it may be necessary for the bank or card processing agency to verify your personal details outside the European Economic Area ("EEA”) for the purpose of authorizing the transaction. Such information will not be transferred ouside the EEA for any other purpose.
IP addresses
This is a string of numbers unique to your computer that is recorded by our web server when you request any page or component of our website. This information is used to monitor use of our website. This provides statistical information about our customers’ browsing patterns and does not identify individual customers.
Cookies
Data is recorded by our website through the use of cookies which allows us to recognise you and your preferred settings. This saves you from re-entering information on return visits to the website. Most browsers can be programmed to alert you before downloading cookies.
Retention period
We will hold your personal data only if you have given us your explicit consent to do so. If you tell us that you have withdrawn your consent, we will continue to hold and process your data only for such period as is necessary to complete any transaction in which we have a legitimate interest.
Your Rights
You can ask for a copy of the information we hold about you and have it corrected if it is wrong.
You have the right to ask us to delete any personal data we hold about you.
You have the right to object to your data being used for specific purposes.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your data you should contact us to try to resolve the matter. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office, if not satisfied.
MID-HANTS RAILWAY PRESERVATION SOCIETY LIMITED
Privacy Notice for Members
Who we are
In this Privacy Notice, Mid-Hants Railway Preservation Society Limited is referred to as "MHRPS" , "we", "our" and "us".  We are committed to protecting your privacy in relation to the information we hold about you in line with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
For the purposes of GDPR we are the Data Controller and can be contacted by post at Alresford Railway Station, Alresford, Hampshire, 5024 9JG or by email at info@watercressline.co.uk.
What information we may collect
We collect from you your personal details which we require to record and process any transaction relating to your membership. These details include your name, address, postcode, email address (if provided) and telephone number.  For family memberships, we may also collect the names and birthdates of any children.
When your membership starts, we create and retain information about you, such as your membership number and the start date. We retain any correspondence between you and us.
Legal basis for processing
We have a legal obligation to hold and process members' data in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act which governs M HRPS. We have a contractual obligation to send you our magazine Mid-Hants News. Also, it is within our legitimate interests to process your data for the purposes of administering your membership and to send you marketing information.  We will use your personal email address to send you marketing information only after having obtained your positive consent.
How your data is held and processed
Your personal details are stored on a secure computer system. Any paper documents you have completed (e.g. gift aid forms) and any correspondence relating to your membership are held in a secure environment. We will use your email address or postal address when we need to  inform you of relevant matters relating to your membership (e.g. Annual General Meetings) or to send you Mid­ Hants News or to send you marketing information  such as newsletters,  information  about fundraising appeals and our products and services (including those of our subsidiary company Mid­ Hants Railway Limited). On each occasion, when we send you marketing information by email, you will have the opportunity to unsubscribe.  Where marketing information is sent by post, you can tell us if you no longer wish to receive it. We will also process your data as necessary for management information purposes such as undertaking basic analyses of membership data. Your data is not subject to any processing which includes automated decision making.
Retention period
Records of members will be retained for a minimum of 5 years after ceasing membership.
Recipients of your personal data
Your data is not transferred to any other organisation except for the purpose of issuing correspondence by mail or email on our behalf, or where required by law or to enforce our legal rights.  We have verified that the organisations we use for this purpose are compliant with the requirements of GDPR and will not use your data for any purposes other than those authorised by us.
The Watercress Line Family
Your details will only be made available to other organisations operating under the Watercress Line family, which includes Mid Hants Railway Ltd and Mid Hants Railway Preservation Society Ltd and other Watercress Line organisations which may be introduced from time to time.
Your Rights
You can ask for a copy of the information we hold about you and have it corrected if it is wrong.
You have the right to object to your data being processed on grounds relating to your specific situation which we would comply with except where we can demonstrate that we are processing your data for legitimate reasons or to comply with legal obligations.
You have the right to have your personal data erased from our records except where we have a legitimate interest in retaining it to administer your membership.
You have the right to ask for the processing of your data to be restricted except for the purposes of carrying out the necessary administration of your membership.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your data, please contact us to try to resolve the matter. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK's supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner's Office, if not satisfied.
Visiting
Opening Times & prices
Enjoy a trip on the Watercress Line
What to See
Timetable & Prices
How to Find Us
Facilities & Accessibility
Covid-19 Safety