http://www.ewr.org.uk/index.php/cookie-policy
Home
About Us
Find Us
EWR Running Calendar
Times and fares
About EWR
Station Master's Garden Railway
Kingsbury Water Park
Local Accommodation
Our Business Supporters
Special Events
Events List
Miniature Traction Engine Rally
Standard Gauge Weekend
7-1/4" Gauge Society AGM
Halloween
Santa Specials
Birthday and Other Parties
Galleries
Image Galleries
Video Gallery
Contact Us
Send EWR an Email
Join Us
Run Your Engine at EWR
Organisation Visits
Login/out
Please read the following privacy policy carefully before accessing any part of the website  We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998). We collect information about you to provide you with the best possible service.:  We will not e-mail you in the future unless you have given us your consent. We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us or from another trader in the future.  (1). Overview.  Echills Wood Railway (the “Company”) recognises and respects the privacy of users of the Website. The following privacy policy, as modified from time to time by us as described below (the “ Policy ”), tells you about the information that the Company collects through the Website, how we use that information and how you can opt out of certain uses of information we may collect. If you access the Website you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Policy, as modified from time to time by us.  (2). Effective Date and Updates.  This Privacy Policy is effective at 15th February 2013. The Company reserves the right to make changes to this Policy at any time, and will post any revised Policy on this page. You will know we have changed the Policy when you see a new effective date in the first sentence of this paragraph. The Company will not notify its Website visitors or customers of any such changes by e-mail or other personal contact. We encourage you to check the date of this Policy whenever you visit this Website so that you will know when you need to review the Policy for modifications.  (3). Information The Company May Collect About You.  We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly. We collect the following types of information on the Website:  Personal Information is information that is used by the Company to identify you individually, such as your name and address.  Aggregate Information is information that does not contain Personal Information or from which Personal Information has been removed. An example of Aggregate Information is information about use of the Website, such as pages visited on the Website. The actual information we collect from you depends on the services you use on the Website. The following is a more detailed explanation of some of the types and uses of information we collect.  Email Services   If you provide us with your email address and opt in to any email notification features that the Company may now have or may develop in the future, you may receive email from time to time from the Company. Each email you receive from the Company will contain an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email message which will provide you the opportunity to opt out of receiving future communications from the Company by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link and following the unsubscribe instructions. Information Request Forms  The Website contains various request forms that allow you to request information, products and services and to submit queries to the Company. For instance, we may collect information such as your preferences regarding a particular product.. When we collect such information, we may share it with third parties as is necessary to respond to your request.  Surveys From time to time, we may collect information through online surveys, questionnaires or information requests on the Website. These surveys may request demographic information (such as age range, gender, areas of interest) and customer feedback. Participation in such surveys, questionnaires or information requests is voluntary and with each request you will have the choice of whether or not to disclose information. We may use such survey information to analyse the Website and to improve users' overall experience on the Website.  Administrative Purposes   We may collect and use information that identifies you personally when you submit comments, questions or suggestions through the Website. For example, if you submit applications to EWR through the Forms on this website or submit information requests we will use the information you provide to respond to you. We also may collect and use your information to contact you when necessary for other administrative purposes. If you do submit comments, questions or suggestions through the Website, please do not include confidential personal or financial information in such requests. Such e-mail will be maintained in accordance with our corporate e-mail and document retention policies.  (4). Disclosure of Your Personal and Aggregate Information. Personal Information  The Company will not sell or disclose your Personal Information without your consent except as set forth below.  Transaction Processing When you complete an information request form or otherwise indicate to us that you want us to provide you with a product or service (such as a request to be included in mailings about our future products), we share and maintain the data needed for you to receive the products or services you have requested.  Aggregate Information The Company collects "Aggregate Information" about you and your use of the Website whenever you visit the Company online. For instance, the Company may collect various forms of "click stream" information such as entry and exit points for our Website (i.e., referring URLs or domains), site traffic statistics, page views, impressions, and operating system and browser type. In addition, when users request pages on the Website, the Company's servers automatically log the users IP address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. The Company may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all Aggregate Information. However, if the Company correlates any Aggregate Information to you, such information will be treated like Personal Information under this Policy.  (5). Cookies  The Company may make use of "cookies" on the Website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user's computer by a web server based on the permissions set in a user's browser software. A cookie itself is not designed or intended to read any information from a user's computer (other than the contents of the cookie); rather, it is an identifier used by the website that originally placed it on your hard drive. The actual contents of the cookie information can be retrieved by the same server to identify the computer and subsequently to customise, monitor, or regulate the use of a site based on information stored in the cookie and the host server. Therefore, cookies only identify the user's computer to the website that may correlate other information, including personal information, with the cookie. Cookies allow the Company to automate access and data entry functions of the Website such as login information, correlate online ordering information for purchases, tailor the Website to your preferences or interests, or customize promotions or marketing. In addition, cookies allow us to track usage of the Website to determine which areas are useful or popular and which are not, thereby enabling us to improve and update the Website effectively. We will never store cookies on your machine (if required) without obtaining your explicit permission.  (6). Security  The Company uses reasonable efforts to store and maintain personal information to protect it from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction by any unauthorised party. If you are asked to provide financial information in connection with your request for the Company's products or services, such information will be collected through a secure internet connection using reasonable commercial security measures. We store no financial information or social security information on the Website. When we do transmit your data, we use only secure servers using current encryption technology to encode your data safely. We make reasonable efforts to attempt to prevent the unauthorized access of our systems containing personal data.  (7). Breach of Security  In the event of a breach of our information system security that may compromise your personal financial information, we will promptly notify you of such breach at the e-mail address that we have on file for you. We reserve the right to reasonably delay such notification as may reasonably be necessary as part of any internal investigation or law enforcement efforts related to such breach. (8). Opting Out, Removal of Personal Information and Contacting Us  Any time you provide us with Personal Information, the Website provides you the opportunity to opt out of receiving further communications from us. To opt out of receiving marketing information or to unsubscribe from any specific email service, email a request to insert-email-address-here. If you have questions or concerns about this Policy, or the accuracy of any Personal Information we hold about you, please contact us at insert-email-address-here. You may request removal of your Personal Information from our system(s) by contacting EWR through the Contact Us form on this website . We will comply with your request except to the extent we are required to maintain your information in accordance with our document retention policies or applicable laws or regulations. If at any time you feel that the Company has not adhered to this policy, email us at:- The Echills Wood Railway Society Limited Trading As Echills Wood Railway Soc Reg No 06413576 in England and Wales Head Office Mitre House School Road Bulkington Bedworth Warks CV12 9JB We will do our best to respond promptly to your concerns.
Echills Wood Railway Kingsbury Water Park Bodymoor Heath Road Sutton Coldfield B76 0DY
Times & Fares
Find Us
Email EWR
Join Us
Kingsbury Water Park
Image Galleries
Video Gallery
Stationmasters Railway
Privacy Policy
Links
Events List
Halloween
Santa Specials
Birthday and Other Parties
Disclaimer
Go to top