https://www.underwatersports.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Store My Account Order Tracking Blog Contact Top bar menuPh. 08 8263 3337
$0.000
View CartCheckout
No products in the cart.
Subtotal: $0.00
View CartCheckout
Search:
Facebook page opens in new windowInstagram page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowTripAdvisor page opens in new window
Home Dive CoursesLearn to Dive Advanced Open Water Rescue Diver Course Specialty CoursesEnriched Air (Nitrox) Diver Deep Diver Wreck Diver Peak Performance Buoyancy Equipment Specialist Dry Suit Diver Sidemount Diver
Master Scuba Diver First Aid CoursesProvide First Aid Provide CPR Emergency Oxygen Provider
Professional CoursesDivemaster Emergency First Response Instructor Assistant Instructor PADI Open Water Scuba Instructor (OWSI)
Dive ToursLeafy Seadragons HMAS Hobart Tours Hobart Permits Weather LinksWind Forecast Map Coastal Waters Forecast
Dive TravelOverseas Dive Travel
ServicingOn-site Servicing On-site Tank Testing
Calendar ShopAll Categories Accessories Bags BCDs Boots Compasses Dive Computers Dive Courses Dive Fins Dive Masks Dive Snorkels Diving Tours Gauges Gift Ideas Gift Vouchers Gloves Hoods Knives Regulators & Occys Shark Deterrent Sidemount Snorkel Equipment Special Offers Thermals / Undergarments Torches / Dive Lights Underwater Cameras Wetsuits
Get SocialDive Club Social Media USDC Blog About us
Contact UsContact USDC
COVID-19 Update – 21st November 2020
The information, design and images on this website are copyright. The Underwater Sports Diving Centre name and logo, and all related product and service names, are service marks and may not be used by any other party without the prior express written permission of Underwater Sports Diving Centre. Underwater Sports Diving Centre makes every reasonable effort to maintain current and accurate information on this website. Users should be aware that Underwater Sports Diving Centre accepts no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any material contained on this site and recommends that users exercise their own skill and care with respect to its use. Reference to any product, service, hypertext link to a third party or other information by trade name, trademark, supplier or otherwise does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement or sponsorship by Underwater Sports Diving Centre.
THIS LEGAL NOTICE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Therefore, we do not share or sell your information with any other company or organisation. The information we collect is utilised only to communicate with you about our products, promotions and services. If you would prefer not to receive promotional email messages from us, simply let us know by emailing dive@underwatersports.com.au .
We may also collect personal information from you about a third party (e.g., our “Tell-a-Friend” promotion, in which case we will need that person’s name and email address). Please note that we use such information only for the specified purpose (e.g., to send the email for you) and we will not contact the third party again unless and until the third party contacts us.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Underwater Sports Diving Centre may link to other websites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Underwater Sports Diving Centre, Underwater Sports Diving Centre has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Underwater Sports Diving Centre. Additionally, the inclusion of any such link does not in any way imply referrals or endorsement by Underwater Sports Diving Centre, its affiliates, subsidiaries or parent company of the linked site; such links are provided for convenience only. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Underwater Sports Diving Centre seeks to protect the integrity of its website and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Security Policy
This site takes reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information as you transmit it to our site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. To further protect your privacy, our secure server software encrypts all of your personal information including name and address so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
SSL Encryption
To further protect your privacy, our secure server software encrypts all of your personal information including your name and address to insure safe transmission over the Internet.
Cookies
Are cookies required? Yes, cookies must be enabled to use the Underwatersports.com.au website. Our site uses cookies to identify you on our website, making it more efficient and easier to use. Most browsers accept cookies by default so you may not need to take any action. However, your browser may have been configured not to accept cookies. For assistance in accepting cookies please refer to your browser’s Help function.
Can we help you?
Search:
CartProduct Categories
Select a category
ACCESSORIES
ACCOMMODATION
BAGS
BCDs
BOOTS
COMPASSES
DIVE COMPUTERS
DIVE COURSES
DIVE FINS
DIVE MASKS
DIVE SNORKELS
DIVE TOURS
Drysuit Undergarments
GAUGES
GIFT IDEAS
GIFT VOUCHER
GLOVES
HOODS
KNIVES
OCTOPUS REGULATORS
REGULATOR ACCESSORIES
REGULATORS
SCUBA DIVING
SCUBA PACKAGES
SHARK DETERRENT
SIDEMOUNT
SNORKELLING EQUIPMENT
SPECIAL OFFERS
THERMAL WEAR
TORCHES / DIVE LIGHTS
Uncategorised
UNDERWATER CAMERAS
WETSUITS
Women’s Exposure Suits
Go to Top