http://www.marimari.com/content/marimari/privacy.html
Select Destination
Australia
Bali
Brunei
China
Hong Kong
Japan
Korea
Macau
Malaysia
Myanmar
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam
Places of Interest
Outdoor Travel
Special Attraction
Food in Asia
Shoppping in Asia
Entertainment
General Info
Weather Check
Currency Converter
Time Zone Converter
Language Translator
Stock Index
About Us
Contact Us
Join
us
Reservation Terms
Faqs
Site Map
Privacy Policy Statement for Marimari.com registered users
MARIMARI.COM RESPECTS THE PRIVACY OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION KEYED IN BY REGISTERED USERS ON OUR WEBSITE. PLEASE READ ON.
Marimari.com collects and stores personal information on a strictly CONFIDENTIAL basis only from individuals who have voluntarily offered such information when registering as a user on our website.
Personal information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to any third party without the approval of the user.
Marimari.com reserves the right to analyse user behaviour and characteristics in order to increase the utility value of the contents of the website to users and also to help advertisers reach their target market.
The intention is also to avoid unnecessary advertising material reaching non-target markets causing irritation to users.
Please note that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online for example through e-mail for example, that information can be collected and used by others and you may receive unsolicited information from third parties in return. While Marimari.com will strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. You alone are responsible for the security of your PASSWORD or other means of private access to Marimari.com. Please take extreme care and be responsible whenever you are online.
The above are effective as from 1st June 1999.
Marimari.com reserves the right to change, add to or alter any of the above policy statements at any time by notifying users of the introduction of any change whatsoever to the above and users have a right to opt out of using Marimari.com if the change effected makes them unhappy.
The above policy statements set out are not intended to and will not create any contractual or legal rights in or on behalf of any party. The policies are stated herein on good faith on the part of Marimari.com and registered users.
Top of Page
BROWSE
Home
l Places
of Interest l Outdoor
Travel l Food
in Asia l General
Info l Entertainment
Shopping
Asia l Special
Attractions
DESTINATIONS
Australia
l Bali
l Brunei
l China
l Hong
Kong l Japan
l Korea
l Macau
l Malaysia
l Myanmar
l New
Zealand
Philippines
l Singapore
l Taiwan
l Thailand
Copyright ©
by Hotnet Sdn.Bhd. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Copyright
and Disclaimer l Privacy
Policy