http://www.gssn.org/en/about-girl-scouts/who-we-are/privacy.html
Contact Us
Donate
Story Submission
Forms
Shop
Español
ABOUT
ABOUT
ACTIVITIES
ACTIVITIES
CAMP
CAMP
COOKIES+
COOKIES+
VOLUNTEER
VOLUNTEER
DONATE
DONATE
OUR COUNCIL
OUR COUNCIL
My GS
My GS
ABOUTGirl Scouts at HomeWho We AreOur ProgramOur HistoryThe Girl Scout DifferenceLead Like A Girl Scout JoinRenewUniforms ACTIVITIES CAMP COOKIES+ VOLUNTEER DONATE OUR COUNCIL My GS
Contact Us
Donate
Story Submission
Forms
Shop
Español
Girl Scouts at HomeWho We AreOur ProgramOur HistoryThe Girl Scout DifferenceLead Like A Girl Scout JoinRenewUniforms
About
Who We ArePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the official website of Girl Scouts of the Sierra Nevada.
This website is owned and operated by Girl Scouts of the Sierra
Nevada, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in Reno, Nevada.
Girl Scouts of the Sierra Nevada is committed to protecting the
privacy of our visitors. This privacy policy discloses how we collect,
protect, and use information you provide us online, as well as how we
protect children’s privacy. By using the pages on this site, you are
accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
If our policy practices change in the future, we will let you know
by posting the policy changes on our website. However, we will treat
all personal information we collect in accordance with the privacy
notice in effect at the time the information is collected.
Girl Scouts’ online properties comprise of, but are not limited to,
all pages found under www.gssn.org.
Data Collection
Girl Scouts of the Sierra Nevada uses its best efforts to respect
and protect the privacy of its online visitors. At our site, we do not
collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless
they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not
require you to register or provide information to us in order to view
our site. Girl Scouts of the Sierra Nevada only gathers personally
identifiable data, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, email
addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a visitor. For example,
personally identifiable information is collected in order to process
online transactions, online donations, or event/training
registrations. This information is used solely by Girl Scouts of the
Sierra Nevada or other entities who are involved in the operation of
this site for internal purposes. We do not sell information you
provide to us online to third parties. We will only share personally
identifiable information with third parties when (i) the person
submitting the information authorizes us to share it; (ii) sharing the
information is a necessary operation of the site, for instance, to
process a credit card transaction, or (iii) we are required to by law.
Girl Scouts of the Sierra Nevada has no control over or responsibility
for the data collection and use practices of third parties that
process online transactions.
Children’s Privacy
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects the
personal information of children under the age of 13. This applies to
individually identifiable information about a child that is collected
online, such as full name, home address, email address, telephone
number or any other information that would allow someone to identify
or contact the child. The Act and Rule also cover other types of
information for example, hobbies, interests and information collected
through cookies or other types of tracking mechanisms when they are
tied to individually identifiable information. It is important for you
to understand this law; we encourage you to read more about COPPA.
Note to parents on our privacy policy
Girl Scouts of the Sierra Nevada is committed to providing a safe,
secure, and fun online experience for children who visit our site. We
are dedicated to safeguarding any personal information collected
online and to helping parents and children have positive experiences
on the Internet. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy
Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally
identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior
verifiable parental consent.
Parents can revoke their consent and ask that information about
their children be deleted from the site by contacting our offices by
phone at 800.322.0642 or via email info@gssn.org. To do this or to
review personal information collected from children, we must verify
the identity of the requesting parent. When a parent revokes consent,
we will stop collecting, using, or disclosing information from that
child. To respect the privacy of parents, information collected and
used for the sole purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or
providing notice is not maintained in retrievable form by the site if
parental consent is not obtained after a reasonable time.
Girl Scouts believes it is good policy not to collect more
personally identifiable information from children under 13 than is
necessary for them to participate in our online activities. In
addition, be aware that all sites that are targeted to children under
13 are prohibited by law from collecting more information than they need.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions