http://www.unwords.com/view/policy.html
"Changing the English language one word at a time."
All A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Junkwords
Our Policies :.
(English Version)
Unwords.com respects and helps protect the privacy of all individuals (User, Individual, They, Their, You) who use the Unwords.com
(Unwords
Staff, Unwords.com, Our) online dictionary.
Not under any circumstances does Unwords.com provide any information about individuals to any
third party.
All minor details of this policy are described below.
Privacy :.
Unwords.com will not disclose any private account data regarding any individual to a third party unless we are: required to do so by law,
if we have good reason to believe that the activities of an individual breaks the edict of the law, if data is needed to protect and
defend the rights or property of Unwords.com, or to protect the personal safety of our account holders or the public.
Unwords.com has
every right as holder of this information to review the activities of an individual who has been brought to our attention for abuse
reasons, illegal activities or for reasons regarding the law.
As a courtesy to users, password information is protected, by for of
encryption from all users and from the Unwords Staff to prevent any individual from compromising the safety of that user.
No record is
kept of the user's password except in encrypted form.
This encrypted information in no way can be restored from its decrypted form.
The
user's password is verified by placing the user's password in encrypted form to compare records.
In the event of changing encrypted
information, the old information is erased and replaced with new encrypted information.
The only information visible to the general public is the individual's user name.
This account name is only visible if the user
chooses to contact another user or chooses to be recognized for any unwords they submit to the Unwords.com dictionary.
Any unword definition submitted to Unwords.com is recognized as an act of the freedom of speech, and in no way obligates an user to
conform to any judgment by law.
Unwords.com holds every right to observe the activities that occur between two or more user accounts as a means to settle any disputes
between users or to uncover any unlawful activities such as terrorist activities or plots to engage in unlawful activities.
Individuals who choose to give out their information choose to do so by their own accord and by no means obligate Unwords.com or any
user to give out information unless the other individual is obligated by law to provide any information.
Unwords.com will never ask an
user to reveal their information because we have our own means of monitoring and retrieving any information that we need.
The bottom line is, we highly value the individual's and our privacy.
We will not give out information to anyone unless the law requires
us to, and we will never ask individuals for their information except when they wish to change your account information through our
website, or when we decide to run a poll on our users' opinions.
In the case of running a poll, we will only collect the user's
account name and their vote regarding the poll.
The user has no obligation to participate in any poll or other events that we
promote.
Terms of Use :.
We ask that you maintain some level of decency when using Unwords.com.
Use discretion when submitting your unword definitions.
Too
much swearing or gross detail will be altered to create a cleaner presentation of the definitions you provide.
Please do not harass
other individuals, or your account may be suspended.
We reserve the right to terminate a user for abusive or unlawful activities.
In the case where investigators of the international, federal, state or local level request us to turn over information regarding any
user; we will comply only under court order.
Unwords.com in no way is affiliated with any other group or organization except Nanovox
Productions (Nanovox.com).
As our parent group, Nanovox.com is part of the Unwords.com Staff and is obligated to follow the same
guidelines that we have put in place for ourselves.
We take no position regarding any offensive material that an individual provides, and have every right not to authorize the viewing of
anything we ourselves find offensive.
Unwords.com is meant to be a clean humored place where individuals can voice the words they make
up in a clean fashion. To help keep our site as clean and professional as possible, we reserve the right to rephrase and improve on any
submission as we see fit.
Anything you read on this website is regarded as an opinion of the individual who submitted it.
To create an aspect of professionalism in the presentation of unwords, we ask for your patience as we evaluate each definition and modify
the definition to provide better suited pronunciations, definitions and any other item related to the unword.
Some words may not be
approved for inclusion in this online dictionary based on reasons including but not limited to: Racism, Sexuality, Real Words, Extreme
acts of idiocy, and words submitted as a mockery to an individual or this website.
Rights of Ownership :.
Unwords.com owns all rights regarding the ownership of material presented on this website, and is under no obligation except by law to
give up rights to anything presented within this website.
By submitting unwords to this website, individuals give up any rights or
privileges as owner of the submitted material.
By the submission of unwords to our website by any individual, anyone who previously
owned the material that was submitted has no right to sue or bring a lawsuit against Unwords.com or our parent company, Nanovox
Productions, for ownership of the material.
Due to our limited knowledge, we can be unaware of the ownership of any material submitted
to us, and by no means are we trying to steal the ownership of such material.
In the event that any material we present may be compromising or may violate any rights of ownership, we ask that the individual or
organization contact us regarding the matter.
If we find substantial evidence that any material is owned by another individual or
organization, we will do the best we can to conform to those rights
whether it be by removing the material or noting the ownership of
such material, or by any other means we and the owner(s) view
reasonable.
Search is coming soon.
Submit an Unword
Account :.
Login / Sign Up
Forgot Password
Menu :.
Home
Topics
Pronunciation
About
History
Our Policies
What's Coming?
Unwords Help
Visit :.
Merriam-Webster
Dictionary.com
Help Us Out :.
Donate to the project.
Get our book!
©2001-2020. Nanovox Productions. BV: 800x600+,16Bit+, Rev. 288