http://www.anchorbrewing.com/privacy
Click HERE to purchase Anchor beer to-go! Order online and pickup curbside at our Anchor Public Taps location in San Francisco.
Anchor Steam Beer
California Lager
Brewers' Pale Ale
Fog Breaker IPA
Christmas Ale
Liberty Ale
Anchor Porter
Old Forghorn Ale
Baykeeper IPA
San Franpsycho® IPA
See Beer Cooler
Anchor Brewing, A San Francisco Tradition
Beer
Visit
Tours
Public Taps
Brewery
Our Craft
Our History
Videos
FAQs
Store
Connect
Contact
News/Press
Anchor Trading Post
Distributors
Beer Finder
Blog
twitter
instagram
facebook
email
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for the Anchor Brewing website, www.anchorbrewing.com.
Privacy Notice Effective Date: March 10, 2020.
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) governs how businesses may use, share and delete certain kinds of personal information those businesses collect from consumers. In order to comply with the CCPA, this privacy statement discloses the data privacy practices for the Anchor Brewing website, anchorbrewing.com
Information Collection and Use
Anchor Brewing is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Anchor only gathers “aggregate consumer information” as defined in the CCPA. This means we only gather data that is “not linked or reasonably linkable to any consumer or household, including via a device.” We use IP addresses to administer the site, track user movement, and gather demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to identify any individual person. Therefore, because we only gather “aggregate consumer information,” several of the provisions of the CCPA do not apply to Anchor Brewing and its information collection practices.
A portion of this site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. Please see the Yahoo! Privacy Policy for more information about how Yahoo! uses this information.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect users’ information. All online transactions are handled with industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. When a user enters a credit card number and personal information into the order form, it is transmitted across the Internet in an encrypted (scrambled) form, then decoded when it gets to us. This provides a secure shopping environment for you, our valued customer.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. Read the privacy statements of each website that collects identifiable information.
Email and Mailing List Privacy
Anchor Brewing respects your privacy. We’ll use your Email addresses only when confirming your Internet order, or notifying you of changes/updates to the site or other news. We assure you, we do not make our Email list or mailing list available to other companies.
Supplementation of Information
To properly fulfill our obligation to customers, we may supplement this site with information from third-party sources.
click me
Beer is Social
twitter
facebook
instagram
google plus
youtube
Find an Anchor Near You
Read
Mysteries of Steam
Watch
Anchor Liberty Ale
Watch
Anchor Label Artist Jim Stitt
Watch
Anchor Steam Beer
Watch
Anchor California Lager
Watch
A Bit About Us...
Watch
Visit our Brewery. Reserve a Tour!
Read
A Time-Honored Brewing Tradition
Read
Find
Our Beer
Email
Sign Up
Be a brewery insider and keep in the know.
contact |
privacy |
sitemap |
trade |
mobile
© 2020 Anchor Brewing, All rights reserved.
a FINE site.
We encourage responsible enjoyment of our beers.
Are you 21 Years of Age or Older?
Yes
No
Email Sign Up
Sign up to receive the Anchor Brewsletter and become a brewery insider. We'll never share your email address, honest!
* required