http://www.thompsonestate.com/pages/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Class of Licence: Producers LicenceName of Licensee: P L  & A J Thompson EstateAddress: 299 Tom Cullity Drive, Wilyabrup W.A.Phone: +61 8 9755 6406
WARNING
Under the Liquor Control Act 1988, it is an offence:* To sell or supply liquor to a person under the age of 18 years on licensed or regulated premises; or* For a person under the age of 18 years to purchase, or attempt to purchase, liquor on licensed or regulated premises.
DELIVERY & RETURNS POLICY
THOMPSON ESTATE (ABN 95 034 825 721) WEBSITE: WWW.THOMPSONESTATE.COMThompson Estate despatches wines from the cellar door in Margaret River within 5 working days of receipt of order. Customers will be notified once wine has been despatched. No returns/refunds on incorrect items ordered.  Please ensure you order carefully. Should any wine be faulty or damaged in transit, please contact the cellar door as soon as practicable to arrange a replacement or credit.
Currency of transaction is Australian Dollars only. Thompson Estate’s online shopping cart at http://www.thompsonestate.com/cart uses secure socket layer (SSL) 128 bit encryption for credit card processing. No credit card information is retained by Thompson Estate.
PRIVACY POLICY
THOMPSON ESTATE (ABN 95 034 825 721) WEBSITE: WWW.THOMPSONESTATE.COMThompson Estate is committed to respecting the privacy of your personal information. This Website Privacy Policy explains our procedure for dealing with personal information that we collect through our website.
As a company Thompson Estate is dedicated to best practice privacy standards. We are committed to protecting your personal information and informing you about the type of information we collect and how this information is used.
Our Policy is based on the National Privacy Principles which were developed by the Office of the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner, and introduced in December 2001. You can obtain further information about privacy in Australia and the protection of your personal information on the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner’s web site.
What information do we gather about you?
The amount of information we collect depends on your use of our website. The only personal data we collect is what you tell us about yourself, and includes;* the content of electronic forms you submit via the website, requesting us to provide services or information, or take actions, for example, personal information such as your name and contact details.* any messages or comments you submit to us via the website, eg. through an email or “Contact Us” form.* information collected when you purchase merchandise or wine.* information you provide to any email address at thompsonestate.com, where you have used that website to request information or assistance with an on-line order.
How do we disclose information gathered about you?Thompson Estate will not use or disclose any information about you without your consent unless legally required to do so or if we consider it necessary to:* fulfil our terms of service* deliver to you the service you have requested* protect the rights or property of Thompson Estate any user of Thompson Estate website or any member of the public;* lessen or prevent a serious threat to a person’s life, health or safety.
Thompson Estate undertakes all reasonable steps to keep any information we hold about you secure. Your information is stored on secure servers.
Thompson Estate undertakes all reasonable steps to ensure that our employees and contractors maintain the confidentiality of any personal information held by Thompson Estate.
You should notify us immediately if there is any unauthorised use of your account or any other breach of security.
However Thompson Estate does not accept responsibility for any consequences of the unauthorised access to your information.
How do we utilise information gathered about you?* To improve our service to you – We may use your information for research purposes or to improve our site and the services we offer you. We analyse data collected for trends and statistics, such as which parts of our site are most popular and how much time people spend there. This information is accumulated and examined on an aggregated basis. We may share this combined information with our content providers to assist them in understanding our services but we do not give our content providers information that would allow them to identify you personally.
* To inform you of events & news regarding Thompson Estate – we will use your personal information to notify you of updates to the web site via email or our newsletter (if you have subscribed to one of our services). We aim to provide you with information and invitations that we consider may be of interest or relevance to you.
Please contact us if you no longer wish to receive emails or newsletters from us.
We may use cookies (a small amount of information sent from our server to your computer) to enhance the performance of the website. These are mostly ‘session-based’, and do not stay on your computer permanently, although they can be used to retrieve certain information you previously provided to us, so that you do not need to re-enter this information every time you use our website.
How to access, correct or update your information.
If at any time you want to know exactly what personal information Thompson Estate is holding about you, you may request a copy of that information by contacting us. We will endeavour to provide you with the information requested within ten days. If you want to correct or update your information, please contact us.
Contact detailsIf you have any questions or feedback about privacy, or wish to make a complaint about the way in which we have handled your personal information, you may contact us using the website.Or as set out below:Thompson EstatePO Box 36, Cowaramup  WA  6284Phone: 08 9755 6406Fax: 08 9755 6406Email: sales@thompsonestate.com
Website Content
Copyright in all materials appearing on this website is, except where noted to the contrary, the property of Thompson Estate and must not be reproduced, in whole or in part, except as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) or other applicable laws, or for any purpose expressly permitted by Thompson Estate
Thompson Estate does not represent that any information (including any file) obtained from or through this website is free from computer viruses or other faults or defects. It is your responsibility to scan any such information for computer viruses. Thompson Estate is not liable to you for any loss or damage in relation to any such virus, fault or defect. You agree that the entire risk arising out of installation, downloading, use or performance of Thompson Estate remains with you.
You also waive any and all claims that you may have against Thompson Estate otherwise arising out of or in relation to your use of this website.
Miscellaneous
Any photos, or other descriptions, of our products on our website are for illustration purposes only, and as such you should check the labels of the specific products for specific health and other disclosures prior to consumption.
If any provision of these Terms & Conditions is unenforceable or void either in whole or in part for any reason then that provision (or part) is deemed to be deleted without in any way affecting the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this document.
The laws of the state of Western Australia govern this Contract.