http://www.delicato.com/privacy-policy#ca-notice-at-collection
Privacy Policy
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
California Notice At Collection
Privacy Laws – Opt Out
Last Updated: January 2020
Welcome to the Delicato Family Wines Site (the “Site”). Delicato Family Wines and our affiliates are committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users who visit the Site. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) is intended to inform you of the ways in which the Site collects information for the Delicato Family Wines brand, the ways in which the information is used, and the ways in which the personal information you choose to provide us will be protected. The Policy applies to the collection and use practice on this Site only. It does not apply to information you might provide on another Site operated by us, our affiliates, or through any other medium, including offline and electronic mail. If you are a Delicato Family Wines employee, employment applicant, supplier, distributor, or trade contact, additional policies may apply.
This Privacy Policy is subject to our Terms of Use. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Your Consent
You should read this entire Privacy Policy before submitting information to us or using our Site. Whenever you submit information via our Site or otherwise to us, whether online or offline, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Intended Audience
We are in compliance with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and other applicable privacy laws. The Site is maintained strictly for individuals who are of legal age to consume alcoholic beverages under applicable law. As a result, we do not request or knowingly collect personal information from individuals under legal drinking age. If you are not of legal drinking age, you should not access the Site.
Information Collection and Use
The Site collects information volunteered by you, including but not limited to Contact information, location, birthdate, gender, household income ranges, consumption habits, product usage, opinions of our products and other personal information (collectively, “Personal Information”). Any Personal Information you provide will be used as indicated on the Site or as stated in this Policy.
We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and as otherwise needed to comply with applicable law and internal company policies.
Use of Personal Information
We may use the information we collect from you to:
Provide you with information, services and products offered on our Site;
Provide, with your consent, information, services and products to our partners;
Respond to or follow-up on your comments, inquiries, or other requests;
Communicate with you about your account or use of our Site;
Improve the quality of our Site, services and products, and tailor them to your preferences;
Communicate with you about special offers and other marketing communications; and
Verify that you are of legal drinking age in your jurisdiction (if applicable).
In addition, we use your information for compliance with our company policies and procedures, for accounting and financial purposes, and as otherwise described above. If you do not provide this information we may not be able to fulfill the applicable purpose of collection, such as to respond to your queries or provide our Site to you.
How We Share Your Information
The Personal Information you provide is held by Delicato Family Wines or an agent of Delicato Family Wines, and may be used by our affiliates, partners, agents, or licensees. The information will not be sold, exchanged, or otherwise distributed to unaffiliated third parties, except to the extent required by law, or as outlined below:
Our Affiliates, Subsidiaries and Business Partners – We may share your information with our affiliates, subsidiaries and business partners in the US and worldwide for the purposes described above and for other general business administration purposes. By visiting our Site or otherwise providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer of your information throughout our network of entities. To opt-out of such disclosures, please see the “Contact Preferences and Opting Out” section below.
Agents/Service Providers – The business and operation of Delicato Family Wines may be supported by other companies and individuals who perform services on our behalf (e.g., processing credit card payments, sending email marketing communications, processing job applications, data analysis, hosting or operating our Site and other business support services). Personal Information may be provided to these entities under contract including an agreement of confidentiality. The scope of their access will be limited to Personal Information required to perform the functions of these services.
Business Transfers – Where permitted by law, we may transfer your information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any position of our business, brands, affiliates, subsidiaries or other assets.
Legal Matters – Personal Information may be disclosed if required to do so by law, regulation, or court order, or if by good faith belief that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Delicato Family Wines, its affiliates, or users of the Site, or the public. Personal Information may also be used to enforce the Terms of Use of the Site, or to respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties.
Any Personal Information received may be used in the marketing, promotion, and advertising of Delicato Family Wines. Such information may be used for purposes such as processing your orders; inviting you to participate in online and offline events; to improve the quality of our products and services; and to send promotional communications and offers. Therefore, providing your information may result in Delicato Family Wines making contact with you by mail or other communications (electronic or otherwise) regarding our products, services, promotions, surveys, or events.
Cookies
When you use our Site, Delicato Family Wines may collect information passively, by using technologies such as cookies to remember you in order to personalize your web experience. A cookie is a string of text-only information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer so the website can remember certain information about you. This allows us to provide you with a custom experience that may include offers, advertisements, language and location preferences. Most browsers are initially set to allow cookies, but also offer the option to restrict cookies or warn you of their use. By disabling cookies, you won’t be able to enjoy the convenience provided by our customization.
To find more information about cookies please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
California Do Not Track Notice:
Because there are not yet common, industry accepted “do not track” standards and systems, our Site does not respond to Do Not Track signals.  In addition, we may allow third parties to collect personal data from your activity on our website, as described in the “Information Collection and Use” section above.
Contact Preferences and Opting-Out
Delicato Family Wines wants to communicate with you in a manner you find helpful. If you no longer wish to receive email marketing communications from us, you may opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails by using the unsubscribe method provided in our communications (e.g., by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the email to unsubscribe). Such communications may include information about products or services, promotions, or upcoming events. Please note that unsubscribing from our promotional material will not prevent Delicato Family Wines from contacting you for other reasons, such as order confirmations, responses to customer service inquiries, or information about an event for which you have registered.
Alternatively, to the extent that applicable law requires your prior opt-in consent to receive marketing and promotional emails, we will ask for your consent and you can choose not to opt-in.
Security
Delicato Family Wines takes commercially-reasonable technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized or inappropriate use. All information collected through the Site is collected, stored, and processed in the United States. When you provide us sensitive information (e.g., credit card number), we encrypt that information. However, as no security system is wholly failsafe impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of our database or the information you supply while being transmitted to us over the Internet. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as detailed under the “Contact Information” section below.
Promotions
Personal Information will be requested when you enter a promotion or sweepstakes on the Site to be used for the purpose of administering the promotion or sweepstakes and potential future opportunities. The Personal Information will also be used and stored as set forth under the “Use of Personal Information” section unless otherwise indicated by you through the means provided under “Contact Preferences”. Any further uses of the Personal Information will be outlined in the Official Rules and Regulations for the specific promotion.
External Links
Links to other websites included in the Site operate with privacy policies beyond the control of Delicato Family Wines. Unless otherwise indicated, once you have left the Site all use of information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the other site’s operators. Delicato Family Wines is not responsible for any transactions that occur between a user and a third-party site.
Notice to California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (known as the “Shine the Light” law) permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing purposes. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2019 will receive information regarding 2018 sharing activities).
To make such a request, please send an email to DFV@delicato.com or write us at:
Trade Practice Compliance
Delicato Family Wines
12001 South Highway 99
Content Updated January 2020
Any change made to the Policy will be considered effective immediately. By using the Site, you consent to the collection, use, and transfer of your information in accordance with the Policy. It is therefore recommended the Policy be referenced on a regular basis. If you do not agree to the Policy, please do not use the Site.
Contact Information
Please direct any questions regarding this policy to Customer Service at:
Trade Practice Compliance
Delicato Family Wines
12001 South Highway 99
Manteca, California 95336
Delicato Family Wines invites you to drink our wines responsibly.
©2019 Delicato Family Wines, Manteca, CA
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT NOTICE
Updated on August 1, 2020
This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy and applies only to residents of California.  The purpose of this notice is to inform our website users, customers, browsers, online community participants, those who purchase or inquire about our products and services, and other California residents from whom we may collect personal information (“California Consumers”), about our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of their personal information and certain rights under California law.  This notice applies to both offline and online collection of personal information and applies to Delicato Family Wines and our affiliates and brands.
RIGHT TO KNOW ABOUT PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED, DISCLOSED OR SOLD
Requests to Know
You have the right to request that we disclose to you the following information about personal information we collect from you:
categories of personal information collected;
categories of sources of personal information collected;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information; and
the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you over the past 12 months.
You also have a right to know if we have sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose over the past 12 months and, if so, the categories of personal information sold or disclosed and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed, along with the business or commercial purpose for which the personal information was sold or disclosed.
To make a request for any of the information set forth above (a “Request to Know”), please submit a verifiable consumer request pursuant to the instructions below.  You may only make a Request to Know twice within a 12-month period.  We will acknowledge your Request to Know within 10 days and will attempt to respond substantively within 45-90 days.
The Request to Know must provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom the personal information was collected, sold or disclosed and must contain sufficient detail to allow us to properly understand, evaluate and respond to your request.  If we cannot verify your identity, we will not be able to respond to your request.
You can make a Request to Know what personal information we have about you in the following ways:
You may make a request using our online form available here.
You may also make a request by phone by contacting us at 1-800-650-0640.
Once we receive your Request to Know, we will begin the process to verify that you are the person that is the subject of the request (the “Verification Process”).  The Verification Process consists of matching identifying information provided by you with the information we have about you in our records.  You will be asked to provide us with two or three pieces of information that will help us to verify your identity.
If your Request to Know seeks categories of personal information collected about you, we will need to match two pieces of identifying information provided by you in your request with our records. If your Request to Know seeks specific pieces of personal information, we will need to match three pieces of identifying information provided by you in your request with our records and will also need a signed declaration that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request.
We take your privacy seriously.  While we will do our best to verify your identity based upon the identifying information you provide to us in the request, we may request additional identifying information from you to complete the Verification Process.
Within the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information about California consumers:
A. Personal Identifiers
We collect personal identifiers such as name, signature, address, telephone number, driver’s license, social security number, credit card number, email address, age, image and social media handle)
We collect this information directly from you, such as through registration, a transaction or inquiry (including via a telephone call) or through your submission of a form, registration, or communication to us.  We may also collect information from third-party sources, such as third-party service providers, opt-in lists, publicly available data, consumer reporting agencies, other companies and referrals, and through your online activities and interactions with us, including, without limitation, your use of our services, your online activity on our website and on our social media channels.
We use your personal information for a wide range of business purposes, including:
to respond to and fulfill your requests, follow up with you after you have communicated with us or submitted information to us, and to provide products or services that you have ordered;
to process your order transactions, contact you regarding your order, and deliver products or materials to you;
to improve our products, services and website;
to send promotional communications or offers (unless you have requested that we not send such communications);
to authenticate your account credentials and identify you, as necessary to log you in and/or ensure the security of your account;
for marketing, research, legal and other business purposes;
to comply with our policies, procedures and legal obligations, including complying with law enforcement or government authority requests, addressing litigation-related issues, investigating fraudulent activity, and exercising rights or obligations conferred by law.
We may disclose this information to certain third parties, such as:
consultants, service providers, and contractors that we use to support our business and operations (e.g. hosting or operating our services, data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, site metrics and analytics, data analysis, delivering marketing messages and advertisements, processing credit card payments, and providing fraud detection services) who have agreed to keep the information confidential and use it only to provide the applicable services;
third party payment processors, including in connection with transactions where we require credit or debit card account information such as credit or payment card account information (including card number, expiration date, and security code);
third party companies we work with who help to gather information from you or help us to communicate with you, including for purposes of data analytics or behavior remarketing, as explained further below;
third parties (including, without limitation, governmental agencies) if required to do so by law, regulation or court order; to respond to governmental and/or law enforcement requests; and
third parties sponsoring contests, sweepstakes, discounts, and promotions that you voluntarily enter into or third parties who lawfully request such information.
B. Commercial Information
We collect commercial information about you such as products or services purchased, obtained, considered, reviewed or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
We collect this information directly from you, such as through registration, a transaction or inquiry (including via a telephone call) or through your submission of a form, registration, or communication to us.  We may also collect information from third-party sources, such as third-party service providers, opt-in lists, publicly available data, consumer reporting agencies, other companies and referrals, and through your online activities and interactions with us, including, without limitation, your use of our services, your online activity on our website and on our social media channels.
We use this information for a wide range of business purposes, including:
to respond to and fulfill your requests, follow up with you after you have communicated with us or submitted information to us, and to provide products or services that you have ordered;
to process your order transactions, contact you regarding your order, and deliver products or materials to you;
to improve our products, services and website;
to send promotional communications or offers (unless you have requested that we not send such communications);
to authenticate your account credentials and identify you, as necessary to log you in and/or ensure the security of your account;
for marketing, research, legal and other business purposes;
to comply with our policies, procedures and legal obligations, including complying with law enforcement or government authority requests, addressing litigation-related issues, investigating fraudulent activity, and exercising rights or obligations conferred by law.
We may disclose this information to certain third parties, such as:
consultants, service providers, and contractors that we use to support our business and operations (e.g. hosting or operating our services, data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, site metrics and analytics, data analysis, delivering marketing messages and advertisements, processing credit card payments, and providing fraud detection services) who have agreed to keep the information confidential and use it only to provide the applicable services;
third party payment processors, including in connection with transactions where we require credit or debit card account information such as credit or payment card account information (including card number, expiration date, and security code);
third party companies we work with who help to gather information from you or help us to communicate with you, including for purposes of data analytics or behavior remarketing, as explained further below; and
third parties (including, without limitation, governmental agencies) if required to do so by law, regulation or court order; to respond to governmental and/or law enforcement requests.
C. INTERNET/NETWORK ACTIVITY
We collect information about your Internet/Network Activity such as your IP address, your device information, domain name, browsers you used to access our website and services, webpages viewed, time spent on webpages, links clicked, transactions entered into and site-navigation patterns.
We collect this information directly from you through your online activities and interactions with us, including, without limitation, your use of our services, your online activity on our website and on our social media channels or through our third-party sources. Third-party sources include third-party service providers, opt-in lists, publicly available data, consumer reporting agencies, other companies and referrals. Our third-party providers are bound by confidentiality obligations and are restricted to only using the data to provide our business with applicable services.
We and third-party service providers on our behalf use this information to:
analyze and track usage of our services and products including our website and social media accounts
determine the popularity of our products
better understand how you use our website and services
improve our website, services, and products.
to send promotional communications or offers (unless you have requested that we not send such communications);
for other marketing, research, legal and other business purposes;
We may disclose this information to certain third parties, such as:
consultants, service providers, and contractors that we use to support our business and operations;
third party companies we work with who help to gather information from you or help us to communicate with you, including for purposes of data analytics or behavior remarketing, as explained further below; and
third parties (including, without limitation, governmental agencies) if required to do so by law, regulation or court order; to respond to governmental and/or law enforcement requests.
Information Sold or Disclosed
We have not sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding 12 months.
For business or commercial purposes only, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to third parties in the preceding 12 months:
Personal details (such as first name and last name, driver’s license, social security number)
Contact information, (such as address, email address, or telephone number)
Billing information (such as address or credit card number)
Because our products are strictly for individuals who are of legal age to consume alcoholic beverages under applicable law, we do not request, knowingly collect, or sell personal information of individuals under legal drinking age.  If you are not of legal drinking age, you should not access our website or purchase our products.
RIGHT TO REQUEST DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Requests to Delete
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information collected or maintained by us (“Request to Delete”), subject to certain exceptions permitted by law.
To make a Request to Delete, please submit a verifiable consumer request pursuant to the instructions below.  We will acknowledge your Request to Delete within 10 days and will attempt to respond substantively within 45-90 days.
The Request to Delete must provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom the personal information was collected, sold or disclosed and must contain sufficient detail to allow us to properly understand, evaluate and respond to your request.  If we cannot verify your identity, we will not be able to respond to your request.  Additionally, as permitted by law, if the information requested to be deleted is necessary for us to maintain, we will not be able to comply with your request.  We will notify you if this is the case.
A Request to Delete requires two steps: 1) making the Request to Delete and 2) confirming that you want your information to be deleted.
You can make a Request to Delete in the following ways:
You may make a request to delete using our online form available here.
You may also make a request by phone by contacting us at 1-800-650-0640.
You can confirm your decision to have us delete your information in the following ways:
We will send a link to your email address to confirm your desire to delete your personal information. Please click on the link through your email address to confirm your request to delete.
We will call you on the phone number provided by you to confirm your desire to delete your personal information.
Once we receive your initial request to delete and your separate confirmation to delete, we will need to verify that you are the person that is the subject of the request (the “Verification Process”). The Verification Process consists of matching identifying information provided by you with the information we have about you in our records. When making your request, you should be prepared to provide us with information that will help us to identify you.
Depending on the sensitivity of the personal information you are requesting to delete, we may need to match two or three pieces of identifying information from your request with information our records.  If your request to delete involves deleting very sensitive information, we may also need a signed declaration stating that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request.
We take your privacy seriously. While we will do our best to verify your identity based upon the identifying information you provide to us in the request, we may request additional identifying information from you to complete the Verification Process.
RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.  We do not and will not sell your personal information.
RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION FOR EXERCISING CONSUMER PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act, including by exercising the rights specified herein.
AUTHORIZED AGENT INFORMATION
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
In order to allow an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, please provide the requested information and your written permission to us via email at CCPA@delicato.com
When your authorized agent makes a request related to your personal information, we will require the agent to provide the above written permission.  We may also require that you verify your own identity directly with us at the time such a request is made.
CONTACT FOR MORE INFORMATION
For information and questions about the use of your personal information or this California Consumer Privacy Act Notice or your rights under California law, you may contact us at CCPA@delicato.com.
CALIFORNIA NOTICE AT COLLECTION
We collect personal information from you in various ways and for various purposes as explained below.
We may collect:
personal identifiers such as name, signature, address, telephone number, driver’s license, social security number, credit card number, email address, age, image and social media handle);
commercial information about you such as products or services purchased, obtained, considered reviewed or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
your internet/network activity such as your IP address, your device information, domain name, browsers you used to access our website and services, webpages viewed, time spent on webpages, links clicks, transactions entered into and site-navigation patterns.
We use the collected personal information for a wide range of business purposes, including:
to respond to and fulfill your requests, follow up with you after you have communicated with us or submitted information to us, and to provide products or services that you have ordered;
to process your order transactions, contact you regarding your order, and deliver products or materials to you;
to improve our products, services and website;
analyze and track usage of our services and products including our website and social media accounts
determine the popularity of our products and better understand how you use our website and services
to send promotional communications or offers (unless you have requested that we not send such communications);
to authenticate your account credentials and identify you, as necessary to log you in and/or ensure the security of your account;
for marketing, research, legal and other business purposes;
to comply with our policies, procedures and legal obligations, including complying with law enforcement or government authority requests, addressing litigation-related issues, investigating fraudulent activity, and exercising rights or obligations conferred by law.Our full Privacy Policy can be accessed here.