http://www.selecthikes.com/terms-of-use
The ultimate test of a moral society is the kind of world that it leaves to its children.Dietrich Bonhoeffer
SunSnow
The Hikes
HomeEasy HikesHarder HikesAre You Kidding Me?Top Hike ListsPark OverviewsOther Regions
The Snow
HomeMt. Evans Echo Lake LoopLost LakeCold Springs Ski TourFairburn MountainGuanella Pass AreaMt Evans ski trailKeystone Snake RiverComplete List of Ski Areas and ResortsAvalanche Forecast
The 4 - 1 - 1
FAQWarningsWhy GPS?Mountain LivingWe Women Hike Too!PhotographyAdvertisersContact UsSite MapPrivacyTerms Of Use
SelectHikes Terms Of Use
Terms Of Use
Errors, Omissions, Responsibility
This web site constitutes an "online guidebook" for activities that could be considered by some to be "high-risk", whatever that means. Coming from the midwest myself, I have seen that being a lethargic couch potato is just about the most high-risk activity there is in terms of health issues, but who am I to judge. You could potentially get hurt engaging in outdoor activities, and SelectHikes accepts no responsibility for any injuries you may receive or actions you may take while engaged in outdoor pursuits. Pretty simple. Also, it's impossible to break your computer or GPS by trying to download routes to it,  but if you somehow manage to do that, it's not our fault.
The articles on SelectHikes.com are created based on information from the author's own experience as well as publicly available sources. Selecthikes.com takes no responsibility for any information presented on this web site that may be in error, whether it be due to a mistake in the publicly available information provided to us, our own error such as a typo, or information that has changed since the article was originally published. The reader should always verify the latest details of an area or activity. A corrections form is available on the Contact page so that we may be informed of any mistakes or changes.
Advertising and Ad Blocking Software
This web site cannot exist without advertising, it is what pays for our time, hosting fees, and other expenses. The price you pay for having free and open access to this information is that you have to see some advertisements. The ads are targeted specifically to this web site, and typically represent excellent discounts and coupons to activities around Colorado. This web site can only continue to exist if visitors view advertisements. If you have ad blocking software installed, please consider this fact. This web site DOES NOT have pop up ads, "you have just won $1,000,000" ads, or any of that garbage. SelectHikes.com has ads from real businesses that want to help you enjoy your leisure time, plain and simple. So do all of us a favor and turn off the ad-blocking software. If you happen to go to a web site that bothers you with pop up ads and other garbage, don't go to that web site anymore, and send them a complaint via email if you have the time. THAT IS THE BEST AD BLOCKING THERE IS.
SelectHikes.com Privacy Policies
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for SelectHikes.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
If you submit your name and email address for our mailing list or forum, we may contact you via email in the future to send our newsletter, tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time by using our unsubscribe link.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration
We, along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Last Updated on Thursday, 13 August 2015 15:07
Log In
© 2006-2020 Off Trail Media