http://www.cobbwines.com/terms
Skip to main content
Terms
By accessing or using this site, you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms you may not use this site:
Privacy Policy
To process your purchase(s) we will collect your name, billing address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card information. The information you enter will be encrypted and protected by the Secure Socket Layer (SSL). This software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. We are unable to process an order without the requested information. We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy and we will not sell or share your information with third parties. The site uses cookie and tracking technology to enable the wine allocation process.
If we send you an email announcement, you will find instructions on how to unsubscribe if you no longer wish to receive emails from us.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
When you place an order with our site or register with our site, we collect minimal information to process your order including your name, phone number, billing and shipping addresses. We do not share your information with third parties except where necessary to process your order (with our shipping fulfillment provider).
Cookies
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We track site visitors using Google Analytics (with anonymous data).
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see and edit their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. Please email us at orders@cobbwines.com with an erasure request.
Shipment and Purchases
You warrant that you are at least 21-years-old when you place an order.
All orders are processed in US Dollars and are shipped domestically in the US.
Upon the placement of your order please check your confirmation email immediately to be sure that your “ship to” address is correct. If your address is incorrect, please contact Cobb Wines immediately. Once a package has been shipped, there will be a redirect fee charged to you should the address need to be changed while in transit.
Shipping costs from Cobb Wines will not be refunded or credited under any circumstances, with one exception: At this time Cobb Wines is not set up for customer pick-up of orders and shipping is always charged to the order. Under special circumstances, e.g. large orders from a local customer, shipping charges can be waived. In that event, a refund check from Cobb Wines for the amount charged on the order will be issued at the time wine is picked up. All costs for return shipment of damaged wines will be paid by Cobb Wines by issuance of a refund  check to the customer of the shipping costs.
It is the client’s responsibility to inspect products when they are received. Please report product damage to us immediately. Damage claims must be made within 3 days of package arrival. If a package somehow arrives entirely damaged, please do not accept the package and call us immediately. Cobb Wines may require that damages winesWine be returned in its original condition with all packing materials.
During the checkout process, there is a checkbox labeled “I accept the following terms and conditions” By checking this checkbox you are accepting the terms and conditions and are authorizing Cobb Wines to charge the credit card supplied during the checkout process. We will email or call you to confirm your order. A copy of your receipt will be emailed to you. If you do not receive a receipt within 48 hours of placing your order, please call or email us immediately.
Return/Cancellation Policy
Unless wines are damaged or somehow defective, they may not be returned for a refund. If you believe a wine has been damaged in shipment or is somehow defective, please contact Cobb Wines within 30 days of receipt of your wines and we will arrange for a replacement of the damaged wine, if the wine is still available. If not available, we will offer you a substitute wine or a refund of your payment. Costs for return shipment of damaged or defective wines will be paid by Cobb Wines with a refund check to the customer for these shipping costs.
Use of Site
You represent and warrant that you are at least 21 years old when making purchases from our site.
Terms of Use
Cobb Wines shall under no circumstances be liable or responsible for any loss or damages whatsoever occurring from the use of or inability to access this site, contents, or any linked website of a third party. Use of this site is subject to all terms and conditions set forth in this site, as well as all applicable federal, state and local laws. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Cobb Wines from and against any and all claims, demands damages, losses, or costs of any kind that may arise.
This Web site may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Cobb Wines therefore reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions (including after an order has been submitted) and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. Please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to pricing and availability, and we reserve the right to cancel or refuse to accept any order placed based on incorrect pricing or availability information. We apologize for any inconvenience.
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention. We may do so when: a) permitted and required by law; b) trying to protect against or prevent potential fraud or unauthorized transaction; c) investigation fraud which has already taken place.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, please or link to our contact page for more ways to contact us.
Copyright Information
The entire content (text and images) of this site is copyrighted and may not be distributed, downloaded, modified, publicly displayed, reused, reposted, linked to other web sites, or otherwise used except as provided herein without the express prior written permission of Cobb Wines.
Applicable Law
This Web Site is created and controlled by Cobb Wines Vintners in the State of California, USA. As such, the laws of the State of California will govern these Terms and Conditions.
Subscribe to our News & Events
SUBSCRIBE
Cobb Wines Mailing List
I agree to the Privacy Policy
Leave this field empty if you're human:
© Copyright 2020 Cobb Wines
18100 FITZPATRICK LANE, OCCIDENTAL, CALIFORNIA 95465
Terms, Conditions & Privacy | Trade
Site by Webhelper.com
Login
Sign Up
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Sign In
I accept the
Terms and Privacy Policy
Sign Up
Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.