http://www.reservationsdirect.com/information/privacy/
Home >
About > Privacy
Privacy Statement
ReservationsDirect, Inc., dba Vacation Places To Stay, has formed this policy to express our commitment to privacy because information is an important part of our business and we understand how important it is for you to know what will happen to personal information you give us. We hope this statement will answer your questions about our information policies and security precautions.
1. Electronic Communications via Forms - For quality assurance and spam protection, messages sent through the forms in this site are monitored.  We do not share or distribute any of the information passed to any parties other then the intended recipient.
To accept communication from this website make sure you tell your spam blocker to accept mail correspondence from: support@vacationplacestostay.com
2. User Information - You browse the Vacation Places To Stay Network of Vacation Rental and Resort web sites anonymously. There are two ways that we gather information about you. First, we do track which pages of our site you visit and note your IP address (as all web sites do automatically). Second, our site gathers from users completing contact information (like their name and email address) and/or financial information for payment processing when setting up a new account. This information is used for intended purpose only.
3. Security - ReservationsDirect, Inc. offers sophisticated encryption and authentication technologies for Subscribers to ensure that your transaction is secure. We utilize Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption capabilities for payment transactions made through our site. We protect the loss, misuse and alteration of all information under our control.
4. Newsletters - All of our newsletters include a discontinue option. If at any time you would like to stop receiving our newsletters, please use that option.  Please do not mark the item as spam or report it as such, as it makes it more difficult to reach the users that are interested in receiving them. If you need to be removed from our newsletter list - contact us.
To accept our newsletters make sure you tell your spam blocker to accept mail correspondence
from: newsletter@reservationsdirect.com
5. Outgoing Links - All of our sites contain links to other sites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites.
If you have any questions or need more information, please feel free to contact our corporate office. To learn more about privacy, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has created a reference page on Internet privacy.
We have chosen to partner with Booking.com to offer travelers the best choices for Vacation Rental Properties, Resorts and Hotels.
No Booking Fees, Last Minute Deals and more......
Search Availability
Air Travel Tickets
©
Reservations Direct, Inc. - Vacation Rentals, Hotels & Resorts
About Us -
Privacy -
Top Destinations -
Best Vacation Spots -
Car Rentals