https://www.spmc.org/legal
Skip to main content
Join SPMC Login Find a Dealer
Contact
Donate
Search
Toggle navigation
Membership
Membership
Benefits
Join
Renew by Check
Giving
Donors Wall
Request New Password
Redeem Membership Certificate
Link Existing SPMC Membership
Awards
Awards
Programs
Recipients
Hall of Fame
Education & Research
Education & Research
Journals
Library
Member Publications
Member Presentations
Media Center
Exhibits
Research Grants
Outreach
Outreach
Bank Note History Project
Obsoletes Database Project
Press Releases
Blogs
News & Notes
Forum
Dealer Directory
Sister Organizations
Advertisements
Paper Money in Social Media
SPMC Annual Breakfast
FRB KC Tour / IPMS
Calendar
Calendar
Calendar
Auctions
Conventions
Local Shows
Seminars
SPMC Events
About
About
Governors
Meeting Minutes
Governance Documents
Contact Us
Login
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use & Privacy Policy
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on SPMC's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on SPMC's web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by SPMC at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on SPMC's web site are provided "as is". SPMC makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, SPMC does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall SPMC or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on SPMC's Internet site, even if SPMC or a SPMC authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on SPMC's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. SPMC does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. SPMC may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. SPMC does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
SPMC has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by SPMC of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
SPMC may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to SPMC's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Membership Type Changes
SPMC Members extending their memberships, or modifying their membership plans are bound by the following conditions:
Existing members may extend their membership expiry date by one year without changing their membership type by paying the full amount for their chosen membership type and options.
Membership cutoff period: If a membership is renewed within 90 days after it has expired then the membership expiry date is extended by one year from the previous expiry date. If the membership is renewed after 90 or more days, the membership expiry date would be one year from the actual time of renewal.
An active member may change their Membership Type and Options at any time by paying the difference between their existing membership plan cost and the new membership plan cost.
The cost of changing membership types and/or options is pro-rated and does not result in the extension of the membership expiry date under any circumstances.
Downgrading a membership is allowed at no cost and does not result in any credit or extension of the membership expiry date under any circumstances.
Lifetime members may change their membership options by paying the difference between their existing membership plan cost and the new membership plan cost.
Lifetime members may not downgrade to "Regular" or "Junior" membership types.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Tweet
More like this
Individual Statements of Condition of National Banks at the Close of Business October 10, 1927 (copy)
Foreign Central Banking: The Instruments of Monetary Policy
A Listing of Watermarks Found in Checks
Official Terminology Dictionary and Grading Guide
Standard Catalog of National Bank Notes, Corrections-Additions 1984
Advertisement
Search
Search
Donation
Amount *
Continue
Leave this field blank
Shopping Cart
View your shopping cart.
Thank You!
...thanks you for your support!
Advertisement
See all Advertisements.
S
P
M
C
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
© 2020 SPMC Inc.
All Rights Reserved.