http://www.thewildinstitute.com/privacy-policy/
Press enter to begin your search
Privacy Policy
The Wild Institute operates the thewildinstitute.com website, which provides keynote speaking, poetry, and organizational leadership consulting services. This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for thewildinstitute.com.
This policy is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our The Wild Institute website, contact us via email or the online contact form, or, participate in The Wild Institute online communities on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, or LinkedIn.
If you choose to work with or contact The Wild Institute, then you agree to the collection and use of Personal Information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving our services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, thewildinstitute.com. You are hereby notified of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection and Use
For a better user experience, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, email address, phone number, and organization affiliation or employer. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
If you give us permission, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about upcoming trips, new services, send organizational leadership tips, and/or changes to this privacy policy.
Consent to Use Your Personal Information
By consenting to this privacy policy, you are giving us permission to process your Personal Information specifically for the purposes identified. You may withdraw consent at any time by contacting us via email: chrisheeter@thewildinstitute.com or by phone: (763) 479-3954.
Your Access to and Control Over Personal Information
You may opt out of any future contact from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our website or complete and submit our online contact form, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This log data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our service offerings. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer.
Sharing with Service Providers
The Wild Institute may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services (i.e. email marketing); or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. When users contact us for speaking service inquiries, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Organization
Google
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
Mountain View, CA 94043 USA
Mailchimp
The Rocket Science Group, LLC
675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE Suite 5000
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
Élan Speakers Agency, LLC
13733 84th Place N
Minneapolis, MN 55369 USA
Safeguards to protect your personal data:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
http://elanspeakersagency.com/contact.html
Copy of the safeguards in place:
https://myaccount.google.com/
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
http://elanspeakersagency.com/contact.html
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the case of any data breach, we will notify you of the risk to your Personal Information within 72 hours.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note: these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and email address). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us by email: chrisheeter@thewildinstitute.com or by phone: (763) 479-3954.
Contact Details
1835 Meadowview Road
Bloomington Minnesota, 55425
763-479-3954
chris@thewildinstitute.com
From The Wild InstituteVirtual Speaking
Meeting Planners
Live Wild
Work Wild
Trips
Wild Thoughts
Wild Thoughts
Taking it in
Within Swinging Distance
Lyrics to Cicada’s Song
A berry, a rainshower, and a father’s love
Snow in April
The Wild Institute is a Proud Member of
© 2020 The Wild Institute.
All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy
About
Speaking
Virtual Engagements
Meeting Planners
Live Wild
Work Wild
Trips
Dogsledding Day Trips
Canoe Trip
Wild Thoughts
Contact
Virtual Speaking