http://www.nevisbluff.co.nz/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the Nevis Bluff Wines Limited website, we hope you find it really useful. There are important considerations in using any website and we’ve laid out the following so that you understand the terms and conditions of using ours.
Please note, by continuing to browse our site you’re agreeing to comply with the following terms and conditions as outlined below. Alternatively, if you disagree with any part of the terms and conditions, it’s important you do not use the site. If you don’t understand, or are unclear on any aspect of the following, please contact us for clarification before continuing. To aid understanding, the terms “us” or “we” refer to Nevis Bluff Wines Limited, the owner of the website. “You” refers to the user or viewer of the website.
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only.  We reserve the right to make changes to this website and these Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Statement at any time without notice and it is your responsibility to revisit this page from time to time to re-read this notice. Any revised terms shall take effect as at the date of its posting on this website and your continued use of this website indicates your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Statement (as revised or amended).
The information is provided by Nevis Bluff Wines Limited and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Nevis Bluff Wines Limited. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties.
This website contains material which is owned by, or licensed, to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to us, are acknowledged on the website.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Nevis Bluff Wines Limited takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of that use is subject to the laws of New Zealand.
If you have any queries regarding our Terms and Conditions or any information contained within the website(s), please contact us.
Email: raewyn@nevisbluff.co.nz
The Pinot Specialists...
Discover our wines
Explore our vineyard
Visit our shop
HomeOur WinesAboutThe VineyardThe WinemakerPhoto GalleryRestaurantsRestaurantsFeatured RestaurantRestaurant Ordering FormNewsContactPrivacy StatementTerms & ConditionsView Licence
Welcome
Please verify your age please
I am 18 & over
I am under 18