http://www.womenrussia.com/privacy.htm
Russian
Brides Cyber Guide
FREE!
Claim your
free copy of
"9 simple rules for
dating Russian women"
(send blank
email)
EVERY
man must know that!
Black
List
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to
Russian Brides Cyber Guide. We strive to safeguard the privacy of all visitors who visit our web
site and/or use our services. This document explains our privacy policy in detail. If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please feel free to
contact us.
Our basic Privacy Policy is simple: our web site will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us voluntary.
Below you will find detailed information about the type of information that may be gathered when you visit our web site
and/or use our services, and how that information is used.
Information Collection and Use
ORDERS: Russian Brides Cyber Guide is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We will NEVER sell, rent,
or share this information with any other party, unless this is
required by yourself as a condition of the service, as for
example in the case with distribution of your personal ad.
We allow users to use
nick names and anonymous email accounts as contact details when order.
All information that is sent through Order Form or Customer Support
Form is treated as private and confidential.
THE USE OF THE CONTACT INFORMATION
OF RUSSIAN BRIDES CYBER GUIDE'S MEMBERS:
The users are not allowed to sell, share or in any other way
distribute the personal contact information of other members of Russian Brides Cyber Guide
that they receive through Russian Brides Cyber Guide. The contact information of the members of
Russian Brides Cyber Guide that is received through Russian Brides Cyber Guide
can only be used to
initiate a personal contact with members of Russian Brides Cyber Guide
with the aim of starting a relationship leading to
marriage. No other use of the contact information is allowed. It
is not allowed to obtain the contact information of Russian Brides Cyber Guide
members for any other purpose than starting a personal
relationship leading to marriage.
THE USE OF THE INFORMATION
RECEIVED BY A USER THROUGH RUSSIAN BRIDES CYBER GUIDE WEBSITE: The information of members of
Russian Brides Cyber Guide cannot be used for the means of a media
broadcast, unless otherwise is explicitly agreed in writing, and should be treated as private and
confidential, including but not limited to photos of Russian Brides Cyber Guide
members, the personal ads of Russian Brides Cyber Guide members,
the success stories of Russian Brides Cyber Guide members and any other
information that the members and visitors of Russian Brides Cyber Guide
shared in
confidence with Russian Brides Cyber Guide or agreed on being published on
Russian Brides Cyber Guide website. The publication of such information on
Russian Brides Cyber Guide does not specify that this information is in the
public domain, and should be treated as private and
confidential.
COMMENTS AND CONTENT POSTED BY USERS: Any content posted to the
Russian Brides Cyber Guide, through its Contact Form,
Add URL Form, Add Article Form or to any address of Russian Brides Cyber Guide, by electronic or any other means, will become the property of
Russian Brides Cyber Guide and can be used for publication. Please
refrain from posting comments to Russian Brides Cyber Guide if you do
not want to have them published, or withhold personally identifiable
information when posting such comments.
Registration
In order to use our services, a user must first complete the Order Form. During the ordering process users are required to give their
personal information. This information is used to fulfill the
orders.
When order Personal Listing,
a user is required to submit his name, address and personal
details. NONE of those questions are mandatory; a user may choose
a nickname, list only the city or state of his residence, etc.
Users are informed to submit only the details they don't mind to
be published. Users are encouraged to use separate email accounts for their orders.
Order
Russian Brides Cyber Guide
does not process credit cards itself, and uses a third party service for ALL payments. Secure transactions are served by
ClickBank - a reliable US-based provider of online credit card payment facilities for thousands Internet businesses of different trades, including software and hosting companies. Your contact details and credit card details that are necessary for billing purposes are provided by you at a separate website via
secure server, and we have no access to this information.
Your credit card will be billed by
CLICKBANK
The words "Russian Brides Cyber Guide" will NOT appear on your credit card statement.
We request information from the users on our order form. Here a user must provide
the personal information that is necessary in order to deliver
the service.
Cookies
Our website does not use cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to administer the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We use an outside credit card processing company to bill users for services -
ClickBank. This company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We partner with other parties to provide specific services
(such as personal listings). When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that
Russian Brides Cyber Guide is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
If you have any question about our privacy policy or use of the information we collect from our users, please
contact us.
Russian
Brides
Cyber
Guide's
navigation
bar:
Russian
women secrets: Myths
and
reality | FAQ | Russian
names | Russian
women glossary | Russian
wives
About
Russia: Russia | Russian
culture | Visiting
Russia | Russian
visas | Travel
Tips
Black
List: Black
List
Archive | Dating
scams | The shocking truth about Russian
brides | ANTI-SCAM
GUIDE
E-books and articles: Books | Articles | Dating
Russian women | Fiancee
visas | FREE
articles
Russian
Brides:
Russian
models | Russian Brides Advice | Real
Russian Brides
Admin: About us | Contact
us | Customer
support | Affiliate
program | Links | Site
map
Copyright © Russian
Brides Cyber Guide, 1999-2020.
All rights reserved.
No portion of this site may be
reproduced without written
permission from the author. Feel free to link to.
The use of this site implies your agreement with: Privacy
Policy and Terms
of
Use