http://www.expeditiontrips.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Print
Starting ResearchStill DecidingReady to Book
Privacy Policy
Please read the Terms and Conditions carefully before using this Site.
Your use of the ExpeditionTrips Web Site, (http://www.expeditiontrips.com/), ("this Site") is expressly conditioned on your full acceptance, without modification, of the following Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept all of these Terms and Conditions you must not use this Site. You agree that by your use of this Site, you are manifesting your assent to these Terms and Conditions of Use
Ownership: This Site is owned by ExpeditionTrips LLC, ("ExpeditionTrips). Much of the Content found on this Site is owned by third party providers and distributors. None of the Content found on this Site may be reproduced, republished, sold, transferred, distributed or modified without the express written permission from ExpeditionTrips and/or its third party providers and distributors. You may not use this Site or copy, modify, adapt, upload, download, transmit, distribute, display, perform, publish, license, create derivative works from transfer, sell, or reverse engineer any of the Content except as expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions. Trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on this Site are the registered property of ExpeditionTrips, its affiliates and various third parties.
Use of Site: You may use this Site to make legitimate reservations and shall not use this Site for any other purposes, including but not limited to make any speculative, false or fraudulent reservation or any reservation in anticipation of demand. You must not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute Content without the express written permission of ExpeditionTrips, except you may download, display and print one copy of the materials presented on this Site on a single computer for your personal, non-commercial use only. Unauthorized use of this Site and/or the materials on this Site may violate copyright, trademark or other intellectual property laws or other laws.
Access to certain areas of the Site is limited to ExpeditionTrips members only, i.e. persons who have provided us with the required information on the Registration Form, ("Member Login Information").  By becoming a member of ExpeditionTrips you agree that you will take all reasonable precautions to protect the confidentiality of your Member Login Information and prevent its unauthorized use. You agree that you will be responsible for all fees, charges, taxes, duties and other amounts that may be imposed by your use of this Site, by you or by anyone else using your Member Login Information. Members also grant express permission to ExpeditionTrips staff members to contact them via email or phone in regards to their travel preferences, interests and needs. ExpeditionTrips reserves the right at its sole discretion, without notice, to restrict or terminate your use of this Site at its sole discretion. In particular, but without limitation, your use of this Site in violation of these Terms and Conditions may result in your membership and/or access being restricted or terminated and/or legal action being taken against you.
DISCLAIMER OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES: EXPEDITIONTRIPS AND ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS REPRESENTED ON THIS SITE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND REGARDING THIS SITE OR ANY OTHER SITE THAT CAN BE ACCESSED BY CLICK THROUGH FROM THIS SITE, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE CONTENTS, ALL OF WHICH ARE PROVIDED ON AN 'AS IS" BASIS. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING STATEMENT EXPEDITIONTRIPS DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, IMPLIED REPRESENTATION OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OR WARRANTY OF TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ACCURACY REGARDING THIS SITE AND ANY THIRD PARTY SITES REPRESENTED. CERTAIN STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES SO THIS DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER: IN NO EVENT WILL EXPEDITIONTRIPS, ITS AFFILIATES, AND/OR ANY THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS HEREIN REPRESENTED, OR CONNECTED TO THIS SITE BE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE IN ANY WAY FOR ANY INJURY, LOSS, CLAIM, DAMAGE, OR ANY SPECIAL PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, THE USE OF THIS SITE, OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE OR ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE WHETHER BASED ON TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. Notwithstanding the foregoing, In the event that ExpeditionTrips or any third party suppliers are found to be liable for any loss or damage arising out of, or in any way connected with, the above described functions, use or Content on this Site the total liability for ExpediitonTrips.com and its suppliers shall not exceed US$100. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of damages so the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you.
Indemnification: You shall defend, hold harmless, and indemnify ExpeditionTrips and any third party suppliers and their officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any claim, cause of action or demand, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees brought by you or on your behalf in excess of the liability described within these Terms and Conditions or by third parties that is a result of your use of this Site.
Age and Responsibility: You represent that you are of sufficient legal age to use this Site and create binding legal obligations for any liability you may incur as a result of the use of this Site. You understand that you are financially responsible for all uses of this Site by you and those using your login information.
Links to other Sites: This Site may provide hyperlinks to Sites owned and operated by other parties than ExpeditionTrips. The inclusion of such hyperlinks is provided for your reference only and does not create or imply any affiliation or endorsement between ExpeditionTrips and the owners or operators of such Sites. ExpeditionTrips.com does not operate or control such Sites and is not responsible for their Contents and makes it clear within these Terms and Conditions that such hyperlinks are in no way whatsoever an endorsement of their respective Contents or imply any association with their owners or operators. Your use of any such Sites is governed by the Terms and Conditions found on that Site.
Use of Message Boards and other communication devices: This Site may contain message boards or other communication facilities. You agree to use these facilities only to send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular facility. You also agree not to defame, abuse, threaten, stalk or otherwise violate the legal rights of privacy and publicity of others, publish, post or distribute any infringing, indecent, obscene or defamatory or unlawful material or information. Neither will you upload any files that contain any material that would violate any intellectual property or other laws or upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files or any other similar device that may damage or cause harm to another computer, nor will you delete any legal notices or proprietary designations within files that are uploaded. You will not download any files that you know to be an infringement of copyright or that you know, or reasonably should know cannot be distributed in such a way. You agree not to advertise any goods or services or promote or conduct surveys or chain letters within the facilities. You acknowledge that all forums are public domain and no communication is private you also acknowledge that all Content, postings, files etc. are not endorsed or approved by ExpeditionTrips. ExpeditionTrips reserves the right to remove any posting at its sole discretion without warning from such facilities.
User Submissions: We encourage your feedback, suggestions and contributions to our Site however to avoid dispute we ask you not to submit anything to us unless you agree that ExpeditionTrips is licensed to use what you send. Specifically with respect to design, idea, concept, suggestion, comment, images, feedback or any other information you communicate to us, (written, oral or electronically communicated). Your submission of such material without further action automatically grants to ExpeditionTrips a royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, publish, display, distribute, transmit transfer, modify, adapt, perform, license, sell, create derivative works from, decompile, disassemble, and reverse engineer that Submission (or any part of that Submission), in whole or in part, for any purpose, and in any form, medium, or technology.
Governing Law: This agreement and its performance is governed by the laws of the State of Washington, United States of America, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You agree to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts of King County, Washington, United States of America in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of this Site and this agreement. Use of this Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms and Conditions, including but not limited to this paragraph.
Modification of Terms and Conditions: ExpeditionTrips reserves the right to alter the Terms and Conditions at any time, without prior notice under which this Site is offered. Upon posting a new version of these Terms and Conditions on this Site your continued use of this Site constitutes your acceptance of such modifications.
Additional Terms and Conditions: Separate Terms and Conditions may apply to reservations and purchase of travel related goods and services on this Site and you agree to abide by these Terms and Conditions.
Privacy Policy: Your privacy is very important to us and we will not disclose your personal information except as described in our Privacy Policy the terms of which are incorporated into these Terms and Conditions.
Additional Rights and Restrictions: These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and ExpeditionTrips with respect to this Site and its Content and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications, (whether written, electronic or oral) between you and ExpeditionTrips. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and ExpeditionTrips as a result of this agreement or use of this Site. In any proceeding to settle a dispute between you and ExpeditionTrips regarding your use of this Site or its Content or regarding these Terms and Conditions a printed version of these Terms and Conditions and of any electronic notice given by ExpeditionTrips to you will be admissible to the same extent as other documents and communications originally generated or maintained in printed form. You may not assign, transfer, subcontract, or delegate any of your rights, duties, or obligations under these Terms and Conditions. We reserve all rights relating to this Site or the Content not expressly granted to ExpeditionTrips by these Terms and Conditions. If any part of these Terms and Conditions are found to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including without limitation the Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties or the Liability Disclaimer outlined above then the invalid or unenforceable section will be deemed superseded by a valid, legally enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the provision and the remainder of the Terms and Conditions will continue in effect. The headings used in these Terms and Conditions are for convenience only and will in no way affect the scope or construction of any provision hereof.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Washington Seller of Travel
ExpeditionTrips is registered as a Seller of Travel with the State of Washington. Our Washington Seller of Travel number is 601 994 100. Registration as a Seller of Travel does not constitute approval by the State of Washington.
Please select all destinations that interest you and click Show.
All Destinations
Advanced Search
Antarctica
All Antarctica
Antarctic Peninsula
Antarctica/Falklands/S Georgia
South Georgia
Falkland Islands
Ross Sea
Sub-Antarctic Islands
Central & South America
All Central & South America
Galapagos
Peru
Argentina
Amazon
Belize
Brazil
Chile/Patagonia
Costa Rica/Panama
Patagonia - Use Chile/Patagonia
North America
All North America
Alaska
Baja California
Hawaii
Western USA
Western Canada
Eastern Canada
Arctic
All Arctic
Svalbard
Canadian Arctic
Churchill
Iceland/Greenland
North Pole
Russian Arctic
Middle East
All Middle East
Caribbean
All Caribbean
Cuba
Around the World
Wildlife Safari by Private Jet
Solar Eclipse Voyages
Worldwide Voyage
Europe
All Europe
Azores
The Baltics
Britain/Ireland/Scotland
Eastern Europe
Mediterranean
Scandinavia/Norway
Western Europe
Asia
All Asia
India
Indonesia
Japan
Mongolia
Papua New Guinea
Russian Far East
Southeast Asia
Africa and the Indian Ocean
All Africa & Indian Ocean
East Africa
Southern Africa
West Africa
Egypt
Indian Ocean/Madagascar
Madagascar
Seychelles
South Pacific
All South Pacific
Australia and New Zealand
All Australia & New Zealand
Australia
New Zealand
Sub-Antarctic Islands
Show