http://www.wocka.com/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
Information Collection and Use
This site logs the IP addresses and types of browser used by its guests. This information is used to monitor and make improvements to the site.
This site does not secretly collect any personally identifiable information.
User's may choose to become a registered user, in which case they may choose to reveal information about themselves such as their email address.
This information will never be shared or sold.
Users may remove themselves and their information from the web site's database by contacting us.
This website and the advertisers on this website conform to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive.
This site uses cookies to maintain state between pages on this site.
The user may remove these cookies at any time by logging out of the web site.
Advertisers on this site may use cookies.
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
The ads on this website are provided by Google.
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address email
address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in
order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If
you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about
not having this information used by these companies,
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Log Files
We use IP addresses and browser type to analyze trends and administer the site.
We do not do reverse DNS lookups, so IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We may share aggregated information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
We will share personally identifiable information only when requested by a legal authority.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can contact us.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We will always use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Browse Jokes
Recommended
Unrated
Random
Animal
At Work
Bar
Blond
Children
College
Gross
Insults
Knock-Knock
Lawyer
Lightbulb
Medical
Men / Women
News / Politics
One Liners
Puns
Redneck
Religious
Sports
Tech
Yo Momma
Other / Misc
Most Popular
Most Recent
Most Buzz
Favorites
Search Jokes
Username:
Password:
New Users...      Forgot Password?
Custom Search
FAQ
RSS Feed
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 2020