http://www.divemachine.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy & Buying on-line - Dive Machine Scuba Service Centre
Skip to content
Dive Machine Scuba Service Centre
Diving & Scuba Equipment Servicing Facility
Menu and widgets
Contact Us We shut down our Dive Centre in Tonbridge back in 2018
and moved to Pembrokeshire, Wales.
Dive Machine
Robert Varns
EMail: robert@divemachine.co.uk
Privacy Policy & Buying on-line
What is this Privacy Policy for?
This privacy policy is for this website [www.divemachine.co.uk] and served by [DIVE MACHINE] and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
The Website
This website and it's owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies to all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for website's to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a users computer / device. Cookies are small files saved to the users computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the users interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through it's server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website. Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and it's external serving vendors. This website uses tracking software to monitor it's visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google's privacy policy here for further information
[ http://www.google.com/privacy.html ].
Other cookies may be stored to your computers hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
Contact & Communication
Users contacting this website and/or it's owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk. This website and it's owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material. Your details are not passed on to any third parties.
Email Newsletter
Resources & Further Information This website operates an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by this website. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion. Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user. Subscriptions are taken in compliance with UK Spam Laws detailed in the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003. All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. No personal details are passed on to third parties nor shared with companies / people outside of the company that operates this website. Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you may request a copy of personal information held about you by this website's email newsletter program. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the business address at the bottom of this policy. Email marketing campaigns published by this website or it's owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity [this is by no far a comprehensive list]. This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity. In compliance with UK Spam Laws and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 subscribers are given the opportunity to un-subscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign. If an automated un-subscription system is unavailable clear instructions on how to un-subscribe will by detailed instead.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links users should always adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and it's owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, to whom may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve. Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertisers website through a referral program which may use cookies and will tracks the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computers hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and it's owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and it's owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively. Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor it's owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email. This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and it's owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy url's [web addresses] (this is an example: http://bit.ly/zyVUBo). Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened url's published on social media platforms by this website and it's owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine url's are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and it's owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
Making A Purchase
Making a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our Catalog, and click on any items that you wish to buy and put them into the shopping cart. After you have finished your selection, click on "Order" and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to satisfy the order.
We accept credit card payments. If you are shopping outside of the UK This facility will be available shortly in the meantimeemail us your requirements.
We accept Switch, Visa Debit & Visa Credit and Mastercard.
CONSUMER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE
These are the terms and conditions of sale of Dive Machine whose registered office is at:
Numis Ltd.,1st Floor Brook House, Mount Pleasant, Crowborough, East Sussex. TN6 2NE
Registered for VAT purposes with vat number 806 7074 30 (‘we’ or ‘us’). These terms will apply to all your purchases of Goods, whether you are ordering online, by telephone or by mail. Please read this document carefully after printing it off or downloading it (if you are using the Internet) before placing your order. We may change these terms from time to time. Please check them before you make another purchase.
1 GENERAL
1.1 In these conditions:-
1.1.1 "Consumer" means any customer who is purchasing outside the course of his or her business or trade;
1.1.2 "you" means the Consumer submitting an order for Goods;
1.1.3 "Goods" means the computer and/or other equipment and Software to be supplied under these conditions;
1.1.4 "Party" means either you or us; "Parties" means you and us;
1.1.5 "Software" means the computer programs to be supplied under these conditions as stated on our quotation or order acknowledgement, as appropriate.
1.1.6 "Writing" means letter, fax or email.
1.2 The contract for supply of Goods ("Contract") will be formed when you accept our quotation or we accept your order. Acceptance of an order by us can only be made in Writing. Once the Contract has been formed with you we will file it in electronic or paper copy for our records.
1.3 In deciding whether to accept your order we may carry out a credit check and then will only accept your order if we are satisfied with the results of such check. You confirm that you are happy for us to carry out such check.
1.4 These conditions may only be changed in a document signed by one of our directors.
1.5 These conditions and any matters referred to on our quotation or order acknowledgement (as appropriate) form the entire understanding between you and us and supersede any prior promises, representations (unless fraudulent) or undertakings.
1.6 Any omission or error in any sales literature, web page or site, order form, quotation, price list, order acknowledgement, dispatch note, invoice or other document issued by us may be corrected by us without liability.
1.7 By accepting the Contract you are confirming that you are a Consumer.
1.8 The provisions of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 are expressly excluded from the Contract so that no third party may claim any rights under this contract.
1.9 Clause headings are for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of these conditions. Words in the singular include the plural and vice versa.
2 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
2.1 We will not be liable to you by way of representation (unless fraudulent), common law duty or under any express or implied term of the contract for:
2.1.1 any losses which are not foreseeable by both Parties when the Contact is formed arising in connection with the supply of Goods and related services or their use by you;
2.1.2 any losses which are not caused by any breach by us;
2.1.3 business or trade losses; or
2.1.4 any loss or costs of retrieval of data, as you should keep adequate back-up copies of data and programs held or used by you.
2.2 Our entire liability in connection with the Contract will not exceed one and a half times the purchase price of the Goods in question.
2.3 Nothing in this Contract means that our liability to you for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our employees, agents or subcontractors is limited.
3 PRICE
3.1 The price for the Goods is stated on our quotation or order acknowledgement (as appropriate). All prices are in GBP (£ Sterling), inclusive of VAT.
3.2 We may vary the price where the cost to us of acquiring or supplying the Goods is increased between the date of quotation or order acknowledgement (as appropriate) and delivery and including, without limitation, increases in the cost of carriage, packaging or insurance or arising from a change in exchange rate, a change in delivery date, quantities or specifications for Goods requested by you or delay caused by your instructions PROVIDED THAT we will notify you in writing in good time prior to delivery of such price increases and you may cancel your order within 7 working days of this notice if you are unhappy with the price increases.
4 PAYMENT
4.1 unless we agree otherwise in Writing, you must pay for Goods prior to their dispatch to you by such means as we may notify you of. Where the Goods are supplied on credit terms granted at our discretion, payment will be made by you by the end of the month following our invoice date. Payment by cheque is deemed to have been made only upon such cheque being met on first presentation.
4.2 Where you do not make any payment to us under the Contract by its due date then, we may, in addition to any other rights which we have under this Contract:
4.2.1 charge interest on the outstanding amount (as well after as before judgment) on a day to day basis at an annual rate of 4% above Lloyds TSB Bank Plc’s base rate form time to time applicable until the sum due is paid.
4.2.2 Withhold further deliveries; suspend performance of the Contract until arrangements as to payment or credit have been established on terms which are satisfactory to us.
5 DELIVERY & RETURNS
5.1 we will deliver the Goods to the place designated by you in the UK in the accepted order or quotation, as appropriate, during normal business hours.
5.2 Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing, any delivery date or time specified by us in any quotation, dispatch note or otherwise is a best estimate only and we will not be liable to you for any loss or damage sustained by you if we fail to meet that time scale because of circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
5.3 If you become unable to pay your debts (or have no reasonable prospect of so doing), make an arrangement with your creditors, suffer a bankruptcy order or breach your payment obligations under the Contract, then we may, as well as any other rights which we have under this Contract, immediately terminate the Contract and suspend or cancel further delivery.
5.4 It is the customers responsibility to return goods to us in an appropriate maner to ensure safe/secure return. We will not be responsible for goods lost/damaged in transit that are returned to us.
5.5 Prior to returning any goods please contact us for information first. Under certain circumstances we may refund return postage. On unwanted items there will be a restocking fee of 20%, postage fees will not be refunded.
6 RISK AND TITLE
6.1 Ownership of the Goods and the risk for damage to the Goods will pass to you upon delivery.
6.2 If you fail to pay for any Goods in accordance with these conditions we may bring action against you for the price of the Goods at any time.
7 DAMAGE OR LOSS IN TRANSIT
We shall repair or replace, free of charge any Goods damaged or lost in transit where delivery has been made by our carrier, provided that you give us written notification of such damage or loss within 2 days of the date of our invoice (so that we may comply with our carrier’s conditions of carriage).
8 SPECIFICATION
8.1 Where we have put drawings, photographs, illustrations, specifications, performance data, dimensions and the like in sales literature, on web pages or other documentation, we believe they are accurate. However, you should not take them to be a description of the Goods or representations made by us and we do not warrant that they are accurate.
8.2 The specification for Goods may be changed by the manufacturer at any time up to delivery. We will not be liable for any loss or damage suffered in connection with any change. We will use our reasonable endeavors to advise you of any such impending variation as soon as we are able or upon our receiving notice of the same (as appropriate). You must check specifications for Goods prior to making an order.
9 DELAY OR FAILURE TO PERFORM
We shall not be liable to you if we are prevented or delayed in the performing of any of obligations to you if this is due to any cause beyond our reasonable control including: an act of God, explosion, flood, fire or accident; war or civil disturbance; strike, industrial action or stoppages of work; any form of government intervention; a third party act or omission; failure by you to give us a correct delivery address or notify us of any change of address.
10 ASSIGNMENT
We may freely assign, sub-contract or otherwise transfer in whole or in part the Contract PROVIDED THAT the quality of Goods supplied to you is not affected. You may not however do so without our written agreement.
11 GOVERNING LAW
11.1 The Contract is governed by the laws of England and the English courts shall have the non-exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any disputes arising out of or under it.
11.2 No waiver by us of any breach of the Contract by you is considered as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision.solve any disputes arising out of or under it.
11.3 No waiver by us of any breach of the Contract by you is considered as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision.
Shipping And Handling
All prices exclude delivery unless otherwise stated !
Orders received by 10:00 am that working day and in stock will be dispatched the same working day by first class post or courier which ever is appropriate to the size of the order. All prices exclude delivery. For overseas orders additional charges will be made subject to destination, and is indicated at the shopping cart stage.
Our carriers may vary from time to time, this ensures that we maintain a prompt responsive service to all our customers. Choice of postal service is available when you go to the shoping basket checkout stage of the order.International Orders can only be accepted if the Invoice and Delivery Address are the same. We are unable to deliver to any PO Box numbers.
Delivery Schedule
Orders placed before 13:00 am and in stock will be posted out the same working day. For any items not in stock you will be notified by email with anticipated date/s of delivery.
For some non-stock items this may be up to 14 working days.
The goods shall be delivered by the nominated carrier to your address and the risk in the goods shall pass to you upon such delivery taking place.
You should note that our carrier requires immediate notice to be given of any loss or damage to goods and you should inspect the goods upon receipt and report any loss or damage to the carrier immediately.
Back Orders
If your item is not in stock, we will back order for you. You will always be emailed with the option to cancel your order within 2 working days if you would rather not wait.
We reserve the right to deliver back ordered items up to 30 days after the day of placing your order with us.
Customers will be charged additional postal costs if split deliveries are requested by the customer, particularly in the event of Back orders.
Tax Charges For orders made from the UK or the European Union, 15.0% VAT is already included in the shown prices where required. All other orders outside of the UK and European Union are VAT free and you should click the exempt button to reduce VAT to zero .
Credit Card Security
We will on a regular basis carry out personal secuity checks with customers to prevent fraudulent use of credit cards.Dive Machine does not disclose buyers' information to third parties at all. Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart once you have selected an item, to store delivery addresses if the address book is used and to store your details if you select the 'Remember Me' Option.In order to guarantee your privacy we can assure you that:
o When you purchase a product from Dive Machine and supply your credit card details Dive Machine never have sight of your credit card details. We use PROTX - one of the industry leading Payment Gateway services for processing payment of orders. The PROTX system utilises the highest level of 128-bit encrypted sessions to maintain security. All payment details are processed seamlessly online and are fully encrypted.
o We will never pass your personal data to a third party. The only information we ever receive about you is a shipping address and your order details.
o We will never sell our mailing list. You will however be added to our mailing list to keep you updated with special offers and late deals.
o We will never exploit your personal details in any manner.
Any information you provide to us is handled in the strictest confidence. Your address, e-mail address, telephone number and other details are never passed to any third party, and are treated with a very high respect.
Guarantee
We guarantee your satisfaction. Any products damaged during transit must be notified to us immediately on receipt. Failure to do so may invalidate any warranties.
Should you have a problem with your product contact our after sales team to assist you in corrcting the fault.Disclaimer
No contract will exist between Dive Machineg and the customer for the sale of any item or product until and unless Dive Machine confirms that it will dispatch the order. Dive Machine will communicate to you by sending an email (whether or not it is received by you). All contracts and conditions will be applied under English Law.No representation expressed or implied is made concerning the website or it’s information about warranties, materials, products, merchantability or fitness for purpose. Dive Machine does not warrant or guarantee any information in this website is current, complete or accurate. All matters related to products are only those produced and stated in manufacturers information.
Liability Statement
Scuba diving and other similar related activities are potentially hazardous. It is the individual’s own responsibility to read, learn and understand the correct techniques associated with safe participation in these activities and to fully accept and assume the risks, damages, injury or death which may result from the use of items shown on the Dive Machine Website.
All watersorts, including diving and snorkelling are potentially dangerous. Before you use any equipment ensure that you are properly trained by a recognised training organisation.
Please read all instruction provided before using any equipment.
Reaching Us
If you need to reach us, please email us on weborders [at] divemachine [dot] com,
Alternatively, you can write to us at
DIVE MACHINE
United Kingdom
Privacy Policy
Your identity is valuable, to you and to us. Information about you, be it personal details or financial data, needs protection. Dive Machine PADI Scuba Diving Equipment do not disclose buyers' information to third parties. Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart once you have selected an item, to store delivery addresses if the address book is used and to store your details if you select the 'Remember Me' Option.Data collected by this site is used to:
a. Take and fulfill customer orders
b. Administer and enhance the site and service
c. Only disclose information to third-parties for goods delivery purposes
We are registered company under the Data Protection Act.
Returns Policy
If you receive damaged or faulty goods, please return the items complete with all the original packaging within 5 working days to:
DIVE MACHINE
If you wish to understand Dive Machine's obligations as a merchant, in the UK. "The Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000" which can be found at http://www.hmso.gov.uk/si/si2000/20002334.htm
See Our Making a Purchase section 5
We thank you for your custom and support and trust that we may be of service again in the future.
RESOURCES & FURTHER INFORMATION Data Protection Act 1998
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Linkedin Privacy Policy
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
Free Web site Privacy Policy
written by Jamie King Media - SEO Pembrokeshire © 2013 - v.2.0 April 2013
EDITED & CUSTOMISED BY:
DIVE MACHINE
Privacy Policy & Buying on-line
Proudly powered by WordPress