http://www.tfhmagazine.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Central Garden & Pet Company (the parent corporation of the Tropical Fish Hobbyist  brand) is committed to protecting your best interests and personal information. To earn your trust and confidence, we strictly adhere to the Privacy Policy, Principles and Statement outlined below. We know you are cautious about how information is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so respectfully and sensibly. By visiting our website, you are accepting the practices described in this notice.
If you have specific questions that are not answered by the material that we disclose here we will address your concerns by clicking on the following email address: info@centralgp.com
This policy may be revised over time as new features are added to the website. Please check this site for information about revisions to our privacy policy.
What We Do With Information Collected
Central Garden & Pet Company is the sole owner of the information collected at our Web sites. We do not sell or rent information to third parties or partners. The information collected at our site is used exclusively to determine the most appropriate information to send to those who request it.
Central Garden & Pet Company will protect your personal information by using appropriate security safeguards. We restrict access to information to persons who need to know the information to provide products or services to you.
We obtain personal information about you to service your business and enhance our services. Such information is collected using Contact Us forms, Event Registration forms, Webinar, Newsletter and Update Registration forms, data from either a Central Garden & Pet Company cookie or a cookie from a Central Garden & Pet Company service provider, or other communications that you send or provide to us. These mechanisms allow you to ask specific questions of Central Garden & Pet Company or offer feedback, comments or suggestions about the product described therein. The information submitted enables Central Garden & Pet Company to respond to your inquiries, as appropriate, and obtain a measure of users' needs, interests and ideas for future Web site development and product interest. Central Garden & Pet Company limits the collection of personal information to that which is necessary for the purposes of providing the products and services you have requested and conducting our business efficiently.
Personal information is retained and disclosed as necessary to serve our customers and otherwise only in accordance with applicable law. Personal information about our Web site visitors is not used or disclosed to any third parties except:
As required in rendering the services that you have requested. As required by subpoena or law (as to tax authorities or regulators). As may be appropriate to protect against fraud or illegal activity, for the safety of customers, employees, or property, or is otherwise permitted by law. If you elect to disclose, or specifically direct us to disclose for you, personal information to a third party (as in the case where you request a product or service from a third party after receiving information or a link from Central Garden & Pet Company).
Central Garden & Pet Company may also gather anonymous information, which may be used by Central Garden & Pet Company or shared with third parties. This information does not personally identify you but may be helpful for improving the services we offer. Generally this information is collected through "traffic data" and may entail the use of "cookies", "IP addresses", or other numeric codes used to identify a computer.
Central Garden & Pet Company uses email, RSS and direct mail as a way of keeping you up-to-date about our product and service innovations and offers that may be of interest to our customers (e.g., new features, products or other information). These communications may also offer special incentives that we hope will prompt you to try something new at Central Garden & Pet Company. Nonetheless, Central Garden & Pet Company maintains a practice of permitting persons to be excluded from such communications, such as straightforward opt-out options.
We will strive to keep personal information as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as is necessary for its intended purpose.
All email sent by Central Garden & Pet Company will contain clear and concise instructions (such as clicking on the link at the bottom of an email) for how to opt-out of receiving future communications. Upon request, we provide site visitors with access to all information that we maintain about them. Visitors have the ability to correct their contact information or update their profiles by sending an email to Central Garden & Pet Company, sending your updates via postal mail (see Contact Us page), or calling us at (925) 948-4000.
Other Website Links
The Central Garden & Pet Company website may contain links to other sites. Central Garden & Pet Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their policies may differ from ours. Central Garden & Pet Company uses HubSpot and
Sitecore as Web host service providers. Please consult the service provider's privacy statement for further information.
A Note Regarding Children
Children are not eligible to use www.central.com, and we ask that minors not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you should use this service in conjunction with a parent or guardian.
Contact Us:
Central Garden & Pet Company
1340 Treat Boulevard, #600
Walnut Creek, California 94597
USA
Tel: (925) 948-4000
Email: info@centralgp.com
© Copyright Tropical Fish Hobbyist  Magazine and Central Garden & Pet Company 2020. All rights reserved.