https://www.automaticwasher.org/privacy_policy.htm
Privacy Policy
Information we gather
The following information is gathered from our website visitors: IP address, operating system and browser.
Any profile information provided by the members also falls under the scope of this privacy policy.
How we use the information we gather
We use the information only to provide the best possible look and feel to download our site onto your computer.
When making posts we do record the IP address of the member in case we need to block this member due to multiple inappropriate postings or breach of our terms of service.
The people that are given access to this information
Your personal information is accessible only to the webmaster of automaticwasher.org.
Your personal information will never be shown, sold-to or given to any person or entity outside of the administration of this website.
On-Line Payment Information
All payment transactions on automaticwasher.org are handled by Paypal.
If you make a payment to upgrade your membership or to download documents from Automatic Ephemera your
payment information (credit card number or bank information) is never sent to automaticwasher.org, only the amount you paid and what you ordered.
Paypal keeps your personal account information
completely private from automaticwasher.org.
The security measures we have in place to protect your personal information
To safeguard your personal information, we keep it in an encrypted database accessible to no one outside of the webmaster.
Our use of cookies
Our website makes use of cookies which are small digital files that are stored in your web browser that enable us to keep you logged into our site.
Your browser settings may allow you to block these cookies, but we recommend you have them enabled, otherwise you will not be able to view the private areas of the site or be able to make any posts.
Advertising and use of cookies by Advertisers
We also use third party advertisements on automaticwasher.org to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology
such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the
Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases,
whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing Minnesota real estate ads to someone in Minnesota,
for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences
in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
As an Amazon Associate we earn from qualifying purchases to help offset the costs of running the site.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.