http://www.greatlakesbrewing.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Introduction
This website (hereafter the “Site”) is owned and operated by The Great Lakes Brewing Co. (hereafter “GLBC”).  Because your privacy is very important to us, we want you to understand our practices with regard to collecting and using your information both online and offline and the steps we take to safeguard it.
This statement applies to personally identifiable information collected from our customers.  As used herein, the phrase "personally identifiable information" means information that identifies a particular individual, such as the individual’s name, date of birth, postal address, e-mail address, credit card information and telephone number.  When other information is directly associated with personally identifiable information, this other information also becomes personally identifiable information for purposes of the Privacy Policy Statement.
The Privacy Policy Statement is subject to change by GLBC at any time at its discretion.  Your use of the Site after such changes are implemented constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of the changes.  Please consult the Privacy Policy Statement regularly.
Do not use the Site if you do not agree with the Privacy Policy Statement, or if you are not of legal age to visit the Site, or if you live in a country where the consumption of alcohol or the content of the Site is not permitted.
We welcome any and all questions and feedback.  For privacy-related issues, please contact us at:
Privacy Department (Marketing)
The Great Lakes Brewing Co.
2516 Market Avenue
Cleveland, Ohio 44113
glbcinfo@greatlakesbrewing.com
Information We Collect and What We Do With It
A.    Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect personally identifiable information when you make a voluntary submission to the Site.  These voluntary submissions may include, but are not limited to, submissions to ask questions or provide comments to the staff at GLBC, post blog comments, signup for email newsletters, submit charitable donations, register for events, submit survey results, utilize the Beer Finder or place an order on our Site.  GLBC only collects personally identifiable information when it is submitted by a user, and submission of personal information is voluntary.
GLBC uses the information you provide to us at the Site to enable us to process purchases, to communicate with you and to provide services to you.
We may also use third parties to help us provide services to you, such as fulfilling orders, processing payments and so on.  For example, we contract with third party service providers and other businesses  (e.g., credit card processors, shippers, website developers and others) to help provide certain services offered on this Site.  In some instances, these contractors may have access to personally identifiable information, however they have agreed not to contact you or disclose your personal information for any purpose unrelated to providing the services offered on this Site.  GLBC does not sell or share personally identifiable information to malicious third parties (e.g., marketers, spammers, etc.).
B.    Aggregated Tracking Information
GLBC may track user traffic patterns throughout the site.  However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users.  We may break down overall usage statistics according to a user's IP address, domain name, browser type, geographic location and ISP information by reading this information from the user agent header (information contained in every user's browser).
GLBC may track and catalog the search terms that users enter in search function(s) on the Site, but this tracking is not associated with individual users.  We use tracking information to determine which areas of the Site users frequent based on traffic to those areas.  We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall.  This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
Cookies
GLBC may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer.  The cookie itself does not contain personally identifiable information, although it will enable us to relate your use of the Site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided.  The only personally identifiable information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself.  A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.  GLBC uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above).
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser.  If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie.  You do not need to have cookies turned on to use the Site.  However, you do need cookies to participate actively in purchasing, polling and surveys.
Posts
Information you post on or through any public areas of this Site (e.g., the blog page) will be generally accessible to and may be collected or used by others.  We encourage you to be cautious when posting personal information in any public or interactive areas.
Links to Other Sites
Occasionally GLBC provide links on the Site to other sites we think you will enjoy.  These sites operate independently of GLBC and have established their own privacy policies.  GLBC does not have any control over these sites’ privacy practices.  For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit. .
Analytics Reporting
GLBC has implemented Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. This service is used only for marketing purposes by tracking the Age, Gender, and Interests Categories set forth by Google Analytics tracking. This information is gathered to collect generalized information about the website's users. It will not be used to identify specfic individuals. By interacting and providing information while visiting GLBC's website, you are accepting the practices described in this policy. Visitors may opt-out of this service by visiting Google Ad Settings and customize their personalized settings accordingly.
Disclosure Exceptions
Notwithstanding the above policies, we reserve the right and may be forced to disclose your personally identifiable information to appropriate third parties if we are required to do so by law or we believe that such action is necessary:
•    To comply with legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order;
•    To protect GLBC's rights and property;
•    To investigate reports of fraud or of users sending material using a false e-mail address or users sending harassing, threatening or abusive messages;
•    To protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Site; or
•    During emergencies, such as when we believe someone's physical safety is at risk.
Your Consent
By using the Site and the content and services available to you on the Site, you consent to our collection and use of your information as described above.
Policy Changes
From time to time, we may use customer information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.  If our information practices change, we will post these changes on the Site.  We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.
This policy was last updated on October 31, 2011.
TAKEOUT/DELIVERY & OUTDOOR DINING HOURS
Monday - Thursday: 4PM - 8PM
Friday - Saturday: 12PM - 10PM
Sunday: 12PM - 6PM
GIFT SHOP HOURS
Monday – Thursday: 12PM – 8PM
Friday – Saturday: Noon – 10PM
Sunday: 12PM – 6PM
FAQTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyEmail UsMedia InquiriesLocate Us
2516 Market Ave. Cleveland Ohio 44113 - 216.771.4404
© 2020 Great Lakes Brewing Company. All rights reserved.