http://www.poseidoncharters.com/terms-and-conditions
Home
Destinations
Greece
Yacht Charter
Skippered Yacht Charter
Luxury Yacht Charter
Flotilla Sailing
Cabin Charter
Croatia
Yacht Charter
Skippered Charter
Luxury Charter
Tahiti
Yacht Charter
Skippered Charter
Luxury Yacht Charter
Cabin Charter
British Virgin Islands
Yacht Charter
Skippered Charter
Cabin Charter
Windward Islands
Cabin Charter
Resources
Resources
Packing and Safety Tips
Booking Information
Booking Questions
Charter Information
Yacht Charter
Luxury Yacht Charter
Cabin Charter
Travel Information
Greece
Croatia
Tahiti
British Virgin Islands
Windward Islands
Media
Media
News and Blog
Videos
Trade Show Info
About
About
About Us
Reviews
Contact
Specials
Terms and conditions
Definitions
Operator:  owner or organisation responsible for the delivery of the sailing holiday or yacht/vessel.
Charter Agent: representative for a third party Operator who promotes and reserves services for the Customer.
Customer: all persons named on a booking.
Contract: Terms and Conditions accepted by the Customer upon confirmation of booking.
Confirmation of Booking: signed invoice and/or signed Booking Documents and receipt of deposit from the Customer.
Booking Documents: Third party yacht contracts and terms and conditions provided on behalf of a third party Owner/Operator of yacht or vessel/tour.
Fit for purpose: deemed in safe, working order and operates as designed to do so.
The Contract
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully as they are your Contract between Poseidon Charters and you the Customer.
Upon Confirmation of Booking, the Customer agrees and is bound to these Terms and Conditions. Terms and Conditions affect Customer rights as they outline limitations of liability, the cancellation policy, as well as other related trip details. Terms and Conditions govern the outcome of all complaints and disputes, except for cases of force majeure as outlined below.
Travel cancellation and medical insurance
It is advised to purchase cancellation insurance to protect from unforeseen events. It is the Customer’s responsibility to purchase sufficient travel cancellation insurance for their trip to protect them from cancellation and/or changes that result but are not limited to, flight cancellation, trip interruption, lost luggage, sickness, accidents, deaths, emergencies and travel advisories. If Customers do not purchase insurance they are at risk and Poseidon Charters does not assume any liability and will not make any refund beyond cancellation policies and no refunds will be offered for any reason, even in the case of a mandatory evacuation and/or inclement weather.
It is advised to purchase medical travel insurance to protect from unforeseen events.  It is the Customer’s responsibility to purchase sufficient medical insurance for their trip to cover any medical expenses, for illness and accidents resulting in injury, disability or loss of life.  Hospitals and clinics in some countries have been known to refuse to treat patients who become ill or who have had an accident and who do not have adequate travel health insurance or the money to pay their bills.
It is the Customer’s responsibility to check the Travel Advice and Advisories twice, once when planning a trip and again shortly before leaving. If a Travel Advisory is issued for a destination, after travel arrangements are made but before or during a trip, it may affect travel insurance or trigger trip cancellation insurance. It is important for the Customer to understand any terms and conditions in the policy in regard to travel advice and advisories.
Some insurance companies will not honour medical claims made for injuries suffered in a country for which an official travel advisory is in place. Coverage for injuries resulting from war may also be limited. Insurance policies often have exclusion clauses stipulating regions and/or activities that will not be covered.
Regardless of how travel insurance is obtained, it is very important that the Customer understands the eligibility requirements, terms and conditions, limitations, restrictions and exclusions of the policy.
Pricing and Payment
Prices are quoted in Euro or USD and will be invoiced in Euro for European customers, and either CAD or USD for North American customers. Prices are per yacht for bareboat and skippered charters and per person for cabin charters based on double or single occupancy rates unless otherwise stated. Payment is by cheque, credit card and wire transfer. Poseidon Charters uses Western Union for currency conversion rates and rates are non-negotiable as generated by Western Union based on their buying currency rate of the day of invoicing. Pricing is subject to change without prior notice until a booking is confirmed. Once a booking is confirmed the base price will not change, however exchange rates can fluctuate between deposit and balance payments. Departure dates are subject to availability and advertised website rates may change at any time based upon the number of bookings received. Deposit payments are to be received by special offer end date as confirmation of booking at special pricing. A booking is confirmed when a deposit payment is received and at that time no further discounts will be offered and booking is confirmed to go ahead. All customer cancellations are to be received in writing and are subject to Poseidon Charters cancellation policy below.
Reservations
Customers should make reservations as early as possible to ensure availability. Bookings are accepted up to departure date if availability exists. Reservations are not considered as confirmed until deposit payment is received.
Poseidon Charters’ responsibility as the Charter Agent or broker for yacht charters
When Poseidon Charters is acting as the Agent or Broker for third party ship and yacht owners, the Customer is bound by the Terms and Conditions of the Yacht Charter Contract. Poseidon Charters shall not be held liable for injury, damage, loss, accident, delay or any change arising from services provided by third party ship/yacht owners, but will act on behalf of the Customer in the case of any contractual reimbursements if applicable.
Poseidon Charters’ responsibility as the Operator of cabin charter tours
Poseidon Charters as the Operator of its Greek cabin charter tours agrees to deliver its tours in line with the way they are advertised with respect to accommodation in either double or single cabin with private or shared washroom; provision of breakfast, lunch and beverages as well as trip guidance from crew. Poseidon Charters tours will be delivered on yachts that are Fit for Purpose, as defined in any online or printed marketing materials; have appropriately trained crew in line with local regulations and have the required marine safety equipment onboard. If a substantial part of a confirmed trip is changed when underway, for reasons other than Force Majeure, Poseidon Charters will provide comparable arrangements for the remainder of the trip. In the rare instance that comparable arrangements cannot be made within 48 hours and the trip has to be terminated, compensation will be calculated on a pro rata daily basis of the Customers specific tour cost. When booking a cabin charter, it is not possible to specify a particular yacht or crew and a change of sailing vessel, cabin, crew or changes to the proposed itinerary do not constitute a substantial change to the contracted trip. Where substantial changes or cancellation occurs, which is beyond Poseidon Charters’ control due to Force Majeure, or other similar circumstances, Poseidon Charters will not be held liable.
Poseidon Charters’ responsibility as the Agent for cabin charter tours and hotels
When Poseidon Charters is acting as the Agent for third party Operators such as cruise ship, cabin charter yacht owners, hoteliers or contractors providing transportation, accommodation and other services; the Customer is bound by Terms and Conditions or Contract of third party companies. Poseidon Charters shall not be held liable for injury, damage, loss, accident, delay or any change arising from services provided by third party ship/yacht owners, hoteliers or companies providing transportation services or accommodation but will act on behalf of the Customer in the case of any contractual reimbursements if applicable. If no third party Contract has been provided the Customer is bound by Poseidon Charters’ cancellation and terms of booking.
Force Majeure
Poseidon Charters may at any time, amend the Terms and Conditions and is not liable for failure to perform its obligations as an Operator or Agent if such failure is as a result of Force Majeure. Force Majeure is considered as Acts of God including changes in weather, earthquake, fire, flood, storm, hurricane or other natural disasters; or non-natural disasters including health pandemics, epidemics, war, invasion, foreign hostilities, civil war, revolution, terrorist activities, government sanction, embargo, labor dispute, strike, lockout or interruption or failure of electricity or telephone service.
Risk liability
The Customer acknowledges that any form of travel aboard a vessel on the sea may involve personal risk. Poseidon Charters as the Operator guarantees that all yachts used in the delivery of it’s Adventure tours are Fit for Purpose; have appropriately trained crew in line with local regulations; have the required marine safety equipment onboard and Customers receive safety information either in advance or upon boarding. Outside of these guarantees, the Customer accepts all potential risk and does hereby release Poseidon Charters from all liability and legal action associated with any and all damages, including but not limited to personal injury including physical and mental suffering or death which may occur during travel. Prior to trip commencement, the Customer may be asked to sign a waiver. Poseidon Charters as the Charter Agent does so in good faith entrusting third party Operators to provide the same Fit for Purpose vessels; appropriately trained crew and marine safety equipment, however Poseidon Charters cannot be held responsible should third party Operators fail to do so.
Payment terms
Poseidon Charters will issue an invoice to the Customer that the Customer must sign and return with a minimum of 30-50% deposit. Deposits are to be paid within 48 hours to secure any booking. Poseidon Charters requires final balance payment 8 weeks prior to departure. If payment is not paid 8 weeks prior to departure, Poseidon Charters will send a reminder. Final payment dates may be in advance of third party Operator terms, this is to ensure that Poseidon Charters complies with third party operator payment policies. If a booking is made within 8 weeks of departure, the full balance is required.
Accepted methods of payment and charges
Bank wire transfer, please contact us for our bank details
Check in USD or CAD $
Credit cards: Visa and Mastercard (surcharge may apply)
American express CAD$ only (surcharge may apply)
Customer Cancellation Policy
upon booking up to 121 days prior to embarkation – $300 administration fee
120 to 61 days prior to embarkation date – 50%
60 days and less prior to embarkation date – 100%
No show – 100%
If third party Operator Booking Documents such as Yacht Charter Contract have been supplied at time of reservation, Operator cancellation terms of contract plus the Poseidon Charters administration fee of $300 will be applied.
All cancellations must be made by the Customer in writing by email or fax and will only be considered as cancelled upon receipt of acknowledgement from Poseidon Charters.
If no notice of cancellation is received then the Customer will be subject to Poseidon Charters’ Cancellation Policy.
Cancellation by Poseidon Charters as the Operator of Greek cabin charter
Once a deposit is received a booking is a confirmed departure.
When a trip is cancelled by Poseidon Charters prior to the contracted departure date for any reason other than Force Majeure, or extraordinary circumstances outside its control the Customer can either:
accept an equivalent trip if Poseidon Charters is able to offer an alternative
receive a full refund of the cost of the Customers specific tour cost
Poseidon Charters is not responsible for any additional expenses or losses that the Customer may incur as a result of the cancelled booking such as but not limited to, flights, hotel fees, non refundable transportation costs, travel documentation, loss of salary, time or enjoyment and all other expenses pertaining to the Customer’s trip.
Cancellation by Poseidon Charters as the Agent of third party Operators and ship owners
The Customer is bound by the agreed supplementary Yacht Charter Contract or Terms and Conditions of third party Operators. Poseidon Charters shall not be held liable for any cancellation or change by third party Operators but will act on behalf of the Customer in the case of any contractual reimbursements if applicable.
Changes
Name and date changes are permitted subject to a $300 administration fee on all Poseidon Charters’ operated trips. Any date changes are also subject to changes in cabin rates if changed departure date is not in the same departure year. Special offers will not be applied to a different departure year. A $300 administration fee will be charged for changes to third party Operator bookings, these changes are also subject to third party Operator Terms and Conditions.
Personal property
The Customer acknowledges that personal belongings are their own responsibility during travel. The Customer must ensure that personal property is stored safely in their cabin at all times. Should personal items remain in the social and public areas of the yacht, Poseidon Charters reserves the right to remove any property without prior permission. When participating in adventurous activities such as, but not limited to, sailing, land excursions and water sports activities the Customer assumes all responsibility for their personal belongings and hereby releases Poseidon Charters from all claims and causes of action arising from any damages to personal belongings. The Customer must not bring on board the yacht any goods or articles of an inflammable or dangerous nature nor any controlled or prohibited substance.
Inappropriate behaviour – cabin charter tours
The decisions of the Crew operating a trip will be final especially on matters related to the safety and peaceful enjoyment of all Customers on the trip. By booking an Adventure tour with Poseidon Charters, the Customer agrees to abide at all times to the authority of the Crew and not to undermine them or create mutinous conditions. If in the opinion of the Crew, the Customer’s behavior is disrupting the peaceable enjoyment of the trip or causing danger, distress, or annoyance to Crew and/or other guests; such as but not limited to, excessive alcohol consumption, noisy or argumentative or abusive behavior or political, sexual, religious and racial slurs; Poseidon Charters may terminate the Customer’s trip and the Customer will not be entitled to any refund nor contribution to costs incurred resulting from the termination of the trip. The Customer must at all times strictly comply with the local laws, customs and regulations of the country being visited and should be respectful of the environment in not causing pollution of any kind such as but not limited to rubbish pollution, noise pollution or light pollution when in small coves and bays.  Should the Customer commit any illegal offense when on the trip, Poseidon Charters may terminate the Customer’s trip and the Customer will not be entitled to any refund nor contribution to costs incurred resulting from the termination of the trip. Poseidon Charters is not liable or responsible for any refund nor contribution to costs incurred resulting from the termination of a trip because of inappropriate behaviour.
Inappropriate behaviour – yacht charter with hired crew
The decisions of the Crew will be final especially on matters related to the safety and the Customer agrees to abide at all times to the authority of the Crew and not to undermine them or create mutinous conditions. If in the opinion of the Crew, the Customer’s behaviour is causing danger to themselves or those around them, the Crew may terminate the Customer’s trip and the Customer will not be entitled to any refund nor contribution to costs incurred resulting from the termination of the trip. The Customer must at all times strictly comply with the local laws, customs and regulations of the country being visited and should be respectful of the environment in not causing pollution of any kind such as but not limited to rubbish pollution, noise pollution or light pollution when in small coves and bays. Should the Customer commit any illegal offence when on the trip, Poseidon Charters may terminate the Customer’s trip and the Customer will not be entitled to any refund nor contribution to costs incurred resulting from the termination of the trip. Poseidon Charters is not liable or responsible for any refund nor contribution to costs incurred resulting from the termination of a yacht charter because of inappropriate behaviour.
Local operators
Poseidon Charters may provide information to Customers regarding third party companies or suppliers of additional local services to enhance the Customer’s trip. Such suppliers as but not limited to, operators of shore excursions, hotels, restaurants, shops, car/bike/motorbike hire companies, ferries, trains, doctors, hairdressers, masseuses, photographers or water sport providers. These services are provided directly to Customers and Poseidon Charters is not responsible for these goods or services provided to the Customer. Any Customer using such services or activities agrees and consents that any personal damage to the Customer or their property shall be the sole responsibility of the providers of these services or activities.
Living conditions
Living standards and practices at the destination and standards or conditions there with respect to the provision of utilities, services and accommodation may differ from those found in the Customers’ home country.
Medical conditions
The Customer’s health and safety is paramount at all times. The Customer must inform Poseidon Charters in writing during the reservation process of any medical conditions, disabilities, pregnancy or any other physical or mental health conditions that may affect the safety or enjoyment of the Customer or other guests on the trip. Poseidon Charters may refuse to carry Customers with certain conditions and failure to notify Poseidon Charters may result in the Customer being denied travel upon arrival. Should Poseidon Charters not be aware of a medical condition and a trip has to be terminated, full cancellation fees will apply to the Customer. Some sailing trips or land excursions may be unsuitable for Customers due to physical limitations medical conditions or illness; it is the Customer’s responsibility to check prior to booking and to ensure adequate medical and cancellation insurance is in place prior to departure. If physical limitations exist, the Crew are not responsible for providing additional assistance above and beyond that of the normal service levels of the tour. The standard of care and treatment at medical facilities varies in foreign countries. Poseidon Charters makes no guarantee nor is liable for any treatment or level of service Customers may receive at any overseas medical facility.
Special conditions
The Customer must notify Poseidon Charters in writing during the process of booking of any special conditions such as dietary, allergy or disability requiring special assistance. Poseidon Charters will not make any allowance for special conditions unless it is able to accommodate such conditions and has agreed to do so in advance. Poseidon Charters is not responsible if special conditions are not provided for but will do their utmost to accommodate such needs. Poseidon Charters acting as Agent will pass any special condition requests to third party Operators in advance of reservation to ensure that special conditions can be accommodated.
Weather
The professional and commercial Captain aboard any charter yacht, cabin charter or mini-cruise vessel is responsible for the ultimate safety and comfort of the vessel and its passengers. Inclement weather such as, but not limited to strong winds, fog, and thunderstorms may require the Captain of a vessel to make the decision to remain in port or change its course while underway. It is within the Captain’s jurisdiction to change either prior to boarding or after departure the sequence of stops and ports if necessary. Every effort will be made to ensure boarding and disembark locations remain as advertised itinerary.
Cabin charter itinerary changes
Poseidon Charters as the Operator and its third party Operators will endeavour to deliver all trips as per advertised program. The captain of any vessel is responsible for the ultimate safety and comfort of the vessel and its passengers. It is within the Captain’s jurisdiction to change either prior to boarding or after departure the sequence of stops and ports if necessary due to inclement weather conditions, high or low water levels, dock and lock schedules, technical, logistical or scheduling reasons. The Captain has the right to remain in port and remove unruly passengers, quarantine the ship in case of illness and similar circumstances.
Cabin charter vessel changes
When booking a cabin, the Customer is booking a cabin only not a particular vessel. While every effort will be made to ensure the vessel as advertised will be the scheduled departure vessel, on rare occasions, an alternative cabin charter yacht or mini-cruise vessel may be used based upon the number of bookings, technical malfunction, or weather. The replacement vessel will be comparable in terms of year, fittings and services, but could be larger, or smaller with different interior layout and decor. Any change of vessel will be notified in advance of departure and is changeable at anytime prior to departure.   It is not possible to request a particular crew, vessel or cabin location when booking a ‘cabin’ aboard any sailing or mini-cruise vessel. Cabins are booked on a first come first served basis and allocation is at the discretion of Poseidon Charters or the third party Operator.
Travel advisory
When a government issues a Travel Advisory, Poseidon Charters, where possible, will update the Customer. The final responsibility however, lies with the Customer to be up to date with current Government Travel Advisories.
Travel documents and vaccinations
It is the responsibility of the Customer to have a valid passport (passport must be valid for 6 months after the return date of the trip), visas or any other documentation and vaccinations required by the laws of the countries prior to departure. Poseidon Charters will not assume any responsibility whatsoever for any Customer not having the correct documentation or vaccinations. Poseidon Charters will make no refund for disruption or loss of travel days due to missing documentation.
Discounts and special offers
For promotional purposes Poseidon Charters may offer certain departure dates at a reduced price. All discounts, special offers and reduced pricing is offered at Poseidon Charters discretion and can be withdrawn or added at any time. Reduced pricing applies to new reservations only and any bookings with a deposit paid are confirmed at the invoiced rate with any outstanding balance payments due at the invoiced rate with no further discounts applied.
Use of photography for promotional use
During the course of a Customer’s trip, photos or videos may be taken by other Customers and/or Poseidon Charters or third party Operator staff. Photos or videos, taken by or sent to Poseidon Charters, may contain images of Customers that can be used by Poseidon Charters on a lifetime royalty free basis. Such images and videos will be used specifically for the purpose of marketing and advertising Poseidon Charters in both printed materials and online.
Complaints procedure
If a customer is unhappy with services provided by the Operator and wishes to launch a complaint, then the Customer, in all instances, must notify the Operator or its staff or agent during the trip, thus allowing the Operator sufficient chance to put right any such complaint. If the Customer does not notify the Operator or it’s Agent during the trip, any subsequent compensation from the trip will be declined. If a resolution is not obtained while on the trip, the Customer must notify Poseidon Charters in writing within 28 days of the end of the trip, failure to do so will result in dismissal of claim and any investigation of complaint.
Amending of Terms and Conditions
Poseidon Charters has the right to amend these Terms and Conditions at anytime. The onus is on the Customer to read and review any amended Terms and Conditions on the Poseidon Charters website.
Privacy Policy
Poseidon Charters knows how important it is to keep any information we collect about you safe. How we collect your information and what we use your information for is detailed in this Privacy Policy.
Personal information we collect from you
We acquire personal details from you in the following ways:
while completing our online booking enquiry form you give us your name, email address, state and country
when you make a request to receive our newsletter you give us your name, email address, province, state and country
when you ask us to call you back you provide your telephone number
if you request a quote by email, you provide us with your email address
if you meet us at a show or presentation, you provide us with your email address if you want us to follow up with you
if you pay by credit card you provide your details to us over the phone
when you book a trip with us, you will be asked for your passport number in order to be a passenger aboard any sailing, motor or cruise vessel
when you book a trip you will be asked to provide next of kin contact information on our waiver form
How we use your information
your email information will be added to our marketing database if you opt-in on our newsletter, booking enquiry forms or at a boat show
booking and payment documents will be stored in a secure environment for up to seven-years in accordance with Canadian accounting laws.
Sharing your information
We do not share your information with any third parties. If your trip is with a third party operator, the amount of information we share with the third party operator will be shared under a verbal agreement of confidentiality and will only be information that is deemed necessary to complete the booking of your trip such as your name, passport number and next of kin details. Your email address or credit card information will not be shared with anyone.
Using your information for marketing
Poseidon Charters sends out a newsletter with information that may be of interest to you such as special offers, new sailing programs, upcoming events and news. When you provide us with your email address and opt-in on our forms, you are giving us permission to contact you in this way.
How often we will contact you for marketing
We will send out our newsletter no more than 6 times per year. If you do not want to receive our newsletter anymore, or have decided it is not of interest to you, you can opt out at any time when you receive the newsletter. You can also let us know by email or mail that you wish to unsubscribe: info@poseidoncharters.com
Poseidon Charters 1246 Bayview Drive, Woodlawn, Ontario, Canada, K0A 3M0.
How do we store and protect your information?
All personal correspondence we have with you will be saved securely on our office local computers which are not accessed via public servers. Booking paper documents are stored in private, secure offices. Our website has an SSL certificate so when you complete a booking enquiry this is private. Any information supplied to us over email cannot be acknowledged by us as to be 100% safe so we request that you consider this when sending us personal information.
How long do we store your information
Your email address will be stored until you opt out or unsubscribe out of our database online system. If you have booked a trip with us, booking documents outside of your email address are retained the length of time that we are legally required to store for accounting and audit purposes. This information will include all email correspondence, paper invoices and address details. To comply with Canadian accounting polices, we keep any booking information we hold about you which includes your address information for a period of seven years. After this period your information will be securely destroyed.
Credit card security
Poseidon Charters understands the obvious concerns you have about entering your credit card online and at this time we do not offer an e-commerce site or accept credit card payments online. We use third party encrypted software to process your credit card payments and have to sign a form of compliance once a year agreeing to our security policies. We will not use your credit card details for anything other than to fulfill payment of your trip. We store your credit card information only to complete the booking process. We will ensure that:
all information will be kept confidential and then destroyed when the trip is fulfilled
all credit card details are taken over the telephone and not over the internet
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used through such software as Google Analytics.  This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
How to find out what information we store about you
At anytime, you can ask to see the personal information we have on our records about you, including any correspondence we have had with you. To collect this information for you, we charge a nominal administration fee of $20. You can request this information by writing to: Poseidon Charters 1246 Bayview Drive, Woodlawn, Ontario, Canada, K0A 3M0.
Contacting us
If you have any concerns about the Poseidon Charters Privacy Policy or feel that we are not adhering to the provisions set out here, please do not hesitate to contact us by writing to: Poseidon Charters 1246 Bayview Drive, Woodlawn, Ontario, Canada, K0A 3M0. Alternatively you can email us at info@poseidoncharters.com
Disclaimer
We will securely store your email address and will not share with anyone, but we cannot be held responsible for any information you disclose in public areas of the Poseidon Charters facebook, twitter, instagram or pinterest pages.
Changes to this privacy policy
To improve our Privacy Policy, we may amend it at any time.
Your agreement
Kindly complete the following to proceed with the booking process.
Name of participant*
Departure date*
Signature* (name in full as online acceptance)
Email address*
Name of parent/guardian (if applicable)
Signature (name in full as online acceptance)
I agree to the terms and conditions outlined above and have been advised to purchase travel insurance above and on my invoice.
EMAIL FORM TO POSEIDON CHARTERS
PRINT FORM
Ready to set sail?
GET IN TOUCH
CHARTER DESTINATIONS
Greece
Croatia
Tahiti
British Virgin Islands
Caribbean Windward Islands
TRAVEL INFORMATION
Greece
Croatia
Tahiti
British Virgin Islands
Caribbean Windward Islands
ABOUT
Company
Reviews
RESOURCES
News and Blog
Videos
Special Offers
Packing and Safety Tips
Booking Information
Booking Questions
Yacht/Skippered/Flotilla Information
Luxury Charter Information
Cabin Charter Information
Get In Touch
info@poseidoncharters.com
Toll-free North America:1-888-372-7245
Telephone & Fax: 1-613-832-7245
Skype: poseidon.charters
Join The Conversation
Get The Latest Poseidon Charters News
NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PRIVACY POLICY
SITE MAP
Your charter experts for yacht and by the cabin charters in Greece, Croatia and French Polynesia. Over
25 years’ experience and recognized by the Greek National Tourist Organization US and Canadian offices.
WE ACCEPT:
Poseidon Charters | 1246 Bayview Drive | Woodlawn | Ontario | K0A 3M0 | Canada
Poseidon Charters Inc is a Canadian Federal Chartered Company
Company Registration 3568792
powered by webfuel
Poseidon News
Sign-up for our newsletter for exclusive charter information, offers, sailing tips and much more!
SUBSCRIBE
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more.
Got it!