http://www.jaguarcarclubofwa.com.au/privacy-policy
Log in
Forgot password
Jaguar Car Club of Western Australia
Home
Membership
Club HQ
Concessional Licences
Jaguar Models & History
Photo Gallery
Club Patron
Media Zone
Merchandise Store
Classifieds & Sponsors
How To Advertise
Parts For Sale
Cars For Sale
Sponsors
Events
Registers
Chassis Car Register
Classic Saloon Register
E type Register
Grand Tourer Register
Modern Saloon & SUV Register
Great Southern Register
South West Register
Contact
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyPrivacy StatementJaguar Car Club of Western Australia Inc. (JCCWA) respects your privacy. We also strive protect the confidentiality of any personal information you may give us. We'd like you to know (a) the circumstances under which we collect information, (b) the kind of information we collect, and (c) how we may use that information. We will let you know specifically before we collect any of your personal information (details that can identify you as an individual, such as your name or address). We will explain what information is being collected and how it will be used. You have the right to decline to have this information collected or transferred. We will only collect personal information you choose to provide to us. We do not use techniques that collect personal information about you without your knowledge. You may provide us with information on-line, in a telephone conversation, or through a completed printed form. The information you provide will be securely stored either on a computer or as part of a hard-copy filing system.On the InternetFrom time to time we may offer events and accept registration via the Internet. In that case, we will collect only such information as is required to ensure that your confirmation is sent to you at the address of your choosing. We will ask you for your name, mailing address, phone number and email address only; Internet payments are conducted through a secure site operated by "PayPal"As part of the registration process, we may ask you if you want to receive information about other events. You would be free to opt in or out. If you opted in, we would maintain your contact information in a database solely used for that purpose. This database would not be shared, given, sold or rented to any other party under any circumstances. It would reside on the Wild Apricot cloud based database and may only be accessed by appointed JCCWA Administrators.In future, JCCWA may, as mentioned above, offer events and take registration by phone, mail or in person. Registration information would include name, address, telephone number and email address. Such data would be collected only by club Committee Members and would be used only to facilitate event registration and administration. No data collected would be sold, rented, or given to third parties.How We Use Non-Personal InformationWild Apricot the management company for the JCCWA website may automatically record some general information about your visit, such as:The Internet Domain for your Internet Service Provider, such as 'company.com.au' or 'service.org' and the IP address of the computer accessing the website, such as 'ppp-77' or '678.123.980.438';The type of browser (such as 'Netscape version x' or 'Internet Explorer version x') you are using;The type of operating system you are using (such as Macintosh, Unix, or Windows);The date and time you visit our site and the web pages that you visit on our site, along with the address of the previous website you were visiting, if you linked to us from another website.We use this information for statistical analysis, to help us make our site more useful to visitors. We may disclose this non-personal information to third parties such as sponsors or clients and/or use it for auditing purposes. This tracking system does not record personal information about individuals or link this information to any personal data collected.We may use 'cookies' that identify you as a return visitor. A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store the cookie on your hard drive. So, when you come back to visit us again, we can tailor information to suit your individual preferences. The goal is to save you time and provide you with a more meaningful visit and to measure website activity. Cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. Browsers such as Netscape allow you to disable cookie collection if you wish or inform you when a cookie is being stored on your hard drive.Currency of data collectedJCCWA may contact you requesting updates of data. This will normally be by regular mail or an e-mail directing you to the appropriate website. We do not use third parties to collect this data on our behalf, and you will never be directed to a third-party website for this purpose. If you receive any communication the authenticity of which is doubtful, please contact JCCWA immediately.Privacy OfficerThe JCCWA Secretary may be contacted for any concerns, clarifications or possible abuse of the privacy policy. Please direct your communications via email to the Secretary secretary.jccwa@gmail.com .
JCCWA
Members Login
Log in
Get social
Home
Membership
Merchandise Store
Classifieds & Sponsors
Events
Registers
Contact
Photos by Classic and Modern Show Cars AU© 2018 Jaguar Car Club of Western Australia
Privacy Policy | Links | Web Design & Development by ottimoto
Powered by Wild Apricot Membership Software