http://www.nzrrbc.co.nz/index.php/about/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
New Zealand Rolls Royce & Bentley Club
HomeLogin/OutAbout ClubAbout NZRRBC ClubClub ExecutivesNorthern RegionCentral RegionSouthern RegionWorld wide ClubsPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsJoin our clubClub EventsMembers AreaGalleryContact UsNational ChairmanNational Past ChairmanClub SecretaryClub TreasurerMagazine EditorWeb MasterNational Events CoodinatorCentral Region ChairmanCentral Region SecretarySouthern Region ChairmanSponsors
You are here: Home
About Club
Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Website terms of use and legal restrictions
Attention: please read these terms carefully before using this website. using this website indicates that you accept these terms. If you do not accept these terms ["Terms"] do not use this web site.
Use of Site
"New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." authorizes you to view and download the materials at this website ("Site") only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials at this Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose.
Any use of these materials on any other website or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. The materials at this Site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials at this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you breach any of these Terms, your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.
Disclaimers
The materials and services at this site are provided "as is" without warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property.
"New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." obligations with respect to its products and services are governed solely by the agreements under which they are provided and nothing on this Site should be construed to alter such agreements. "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials, software or services at this Site.
"New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc.", may make changes to the materials and services at this Site, at any time without notice. The materials and services at this Site may be out of date, and "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc.", makes no commitment to update the materials and services at this Site.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." its suppliers, or other third parties mentioned at this site be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this site, any websites linked to this site, or the materials or information or services contained at any or all such sites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not "new zealand rolls-royce and bentley cluc inc." has been advised of the possibility of such damages. if your use of the materials, information or services from this site results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume all costs thereof. applicable law may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so these limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.
User Submissions
"New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through this Site. Any material, information or other communication ("Communications") you transmit or post to this Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." will have no obligations with respect to the Communications.
"New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the Communications and all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. Personally identifiable information that you submit to "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." for the purpose of receiving products or services will be handled in accordance with the "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." On-line Privacy Statement. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Links on this Site to third-party websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." has not reviewed all of these third-party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. Thus, "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Linking to this Site
You may create links to this Site from other sites, but only in accordance with the terms of the Guidelines for Linking to "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." Websites and in compliance with all applicable laws.
Trademarks
Other product and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks and/or service marks of their respective owners.
General
"New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." makes no representation that materials or services at this Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use or export or re-export the materials or services at this Site or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation U.S. export laws and regulations. If you choose to access this Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
"New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current Terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Site.
Note: Anyone linking to "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." website must comply with the Guidelines for Linking to "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." websites and all applicable laws.
Guidelines for Linking to "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." website
A site that links to "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." website:
Should not create a browser or border environment around "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." content
Should not imply that "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." is endorsing it or its products
Should not misrepresent its relationship with "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc."
Should not present false information about "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." products or services
Should not use the "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." logo without permission from "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc."
Should not contain content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial, and should contain only content that is appropriate for all age groups.
Online Privacy Statement
Where "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." collects Personal Information on the web, we intend to post a purpose statement that explains why Personal Information will be collected and whether we plan to share such Personal Information outside of "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." or those working on behalf of "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc.". "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." behalf unless such transfer is legally required.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some of our Web pages utilize "cookies" and other tracking technologies. A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about Web site activity. Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information previously indicated by a Web user. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them.
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your original user ID and password to gain access to certain parts of the Web site.
Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; click stream patterns; and dates and times that our site is accessed. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our Web site and your Web experience. We may also analyze information that does not contain Personal Information for trends and statistics.
Security
Wherever your Personal Information may be held within "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the Personal Information that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure.
Your Consent
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." processing of Personal Information for the purposes given above as well as those explained where "New Zealand Rolls-Royce and Bentley Club Inc." collects Personal Information on the Web. Should the Online Privacy Policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our web site for a reasonable period of time.
NZ Rolls Royce & Bentley Club
Copyright © 2020 NZ Rolls-Royce & Bentley Club             Website by NZ Websites Ltd