http://www.kerryblues.info/privacy
Home
Join Us
Learn
Surrender
Adopt
Foster
In Memory
Contact Us
Donate
Shop
Back
Join Us at the Foundation
Volunteer
Kerry Blue Terrier Den
Back
About Us
About the Breed
Health
Care
Lifestyle
Photos
Life with a Kerry Blog
Back
Make A Donation
Donate Monthly
Support Our Kerries
Privacy Kerry Blue Terrier FoundationPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Notice(Click here for Terms and Conditions) Effective Date: 28 April 2020Notice Version: 1.0Data Controller Contact Information:Kerry Blue Terrier FoundationP. O. Box 1495 Solvang, CA 93464 USAKerriesHelpingKerries@gmail.com© Kerry Blue Terrier Foundation.This document governs the privacy notice of our website The Kerry Blue Terrier Foundation here in noted and referred to as KBTF. Our privacy notice tells you what personal data (PD) and non-personal data (NPD) we may collect from you, how we collect it, how we protect it, how we may share it, how you can access and change it, and how you can limit our sharing of it. Our privacy notice also explains certain legal rights that you have with respect to your personal data. Any capitalized terms not defined herein will have the same meaning as where they are defined elsewhere on our website. DEFINITIONS:‘NONPERSONAL DATA’ (NPD) is information that is in no way personally identifiable.‘PERSONAL DATA’ (PD) means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified directly or indirectly by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person. PD is in many ways the same as Personally Identifiable Information (PII). However, PD is broader in scope and covers more data. (GDPR) means General Data Protection Regulation.Topics Covered in Our Privacy Notice Your RightsInformation we collect and how we collect it.
How your information is used and shared.Retaining and destroying your PD. Updating your PD.
Revoking your consent for using your PD. Protecting the Privacy Rights of third parties. Do not track settings. Links to other websites. Protecting Children’s Privacy. Our Email PolicyOur Security PolicyUse of your Credit CardTransferring PD from the European Union. Changes to our privacy notice.
1. Information We CollectGenerally, you will control the amount and type of information that you provide to us when using our website. Our legal basis for collecting and processing your PD is based on consent when you sign up to our newsletter or notifications about upcoming products. Our legal basis for collecting and processing your PD when you place an order for products or services is the necessity for the performance of a contract or to take steps to enter into a contract.Our Legal Basis for Collecting and Processing Personal DataOur legal basis for collecting and processing your PD when you buy our products or services is based on the necessity of collecting and processing PD for the performance of a contract or to take steps to enter into a contract. Our legal basis for collecting and processing your PD when you sign up for our newsletter and information about our products and services through our website opt-in forms is based on consent.What Happens If You Don’t Give Us Your PD:If you do not provide us with enough PD, we may not be able to provide you with all our products and services. However, you can access and use some parts of our website without giving us your PD. We Collect Your PD in the Following Ways: Automatic InformationWe automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information includes the name of the website from which you entered our website, if any, as well as the name of the website you’ll visit when you leave our website. This information also includes the IP address of your computer/the proxy server you use to access the Internet, your Internet service provider’s name, your web browser type, the type of mobile device, your computer operating system, and data about your browsing activity when using our website. We use all this information to analyze trends among our users to help improve our website.When Entering and Using Our WebsiteWhen you enter and use our website and agree to accept cookies, some of these cookies may contain your PD.When you Submit an Online FormWhen you sign up to our newsletter or when you sign up to receive notifications about upcoming products we collect your email address. When you fill out a contact form or schedule a consultation we collect your first and last name, your website address and your email address.When Buying Products or ServicesIf you buy products or services from us, we collect your first and last name, the credit card holder's first and last name, your email address, billing address, credit card or other payment information and your phone number.  Website Chat SoftwareOur website contains chat software that enable visitors to communicate with us live online or offline by email. In some cases, visitors can communicate with us without becoming a member or buying our products and services. When you use this chat software, we may collect some or all the following information: your email address, first name, last name, location, and any other information you willingly choose to provide to us. You should limit the information you provide to us that is only necessary to answer your questions.2. Our Use of CookiesOur website uses cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data or a text file that is downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you access certain websites. Cookies may contain text that can be read by the web server that delivered the cookie to you. The text contained in the cookie generally consists of a sequence of letters and numbers that uniquely identifies your computer or mobile device; it may contain other information as well. By agreeing to accept our use of cookies, you are giving us, and third parties we partner with, permission to place, store, and access some or all the cookies described below on your computer.Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are necessary for proper functioning of the website, such as displaying content, logging in, validating your session, responding to your request for services, and other functions. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of cookies. However, if you disable these cookies, you may not be able to access features on our website correctly or at all. Performance CookiesThese cookies collect information about the use of the website, such as pages visited, traffic sources, users’ interests, content management, and other website measurements. Functional CookiesThese cookies enable the website to remember a user’s choices – such as their language, user name, and other personal choices – while using the website. They can also be used to deliver services, such as letting a user make a blog post, listen to audio, or watch videos on the website.Media CookiesThese cookies can be used to improve a website’s performance and provide special features and content. They can be placed by third parties who provide services to us or by our company.Advertising or Targeting CookiesThese cookies are usually placed and used by advertising companies to develop a profile of your browsing interests and serve advertisements on other websites that are related to your interests. You will see less advertising if you disable these cookies.Session CookiesThese cookies allow websites to link the actions of a user during a browser session. They may be used for a variety of purposes, such as remembering what a user has put in their shopping cart as they browse a website. Session cookies also permit users to be recognized as they navigate a website so that any item or page changes they make are remembered from page to page. Session cookies expire after a browser session; thus, they are not stored long term. Persistent CookiesThese cookies are stored on a user’s device in between browser sessions, which allows the user’s preferences or actions across a site (or, in some cases, across different sites) to be remembered. Persistent cookies may be used for a variety of purposes, including remembering users’ choices and preferences when using a website or to target advertising to them.We may also use cookies for:• Identifying the areas of our website that you have visited• Personalizing content that you see on our website• Our website analytics• Remarketing our products or services to you• Remembering your preferences, settings, and login details• Targeted advertising and serving ads relevant to your interests• Affiliate marketing• Allowing you to post comments• Allowing you to share content with social networksMost web browsers can be set to disable the use of cookies. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to access features on our website correctly or at all. Web Beacons We may also use a technology called web beacons to collect general information about your use of our website and your use of special promotions or newsletters. The information we collect by web beacons allows us to statistically monitor the number of people who open our emails. Web beacons also help us to understand the behavior of our customers, members, and visitors. Google Analytics Privacy NoticeOur website uses Google Analytics to collect information about the use of our website. Google Analytics collects information from users such as age, gender, interests, demographics, how often they visit our website, what pages they visit, and what other websites they have used before coming to our website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to analyze traffic, remarket our products and services to users, improve our marketing, advertising, and to improve our website. We have enabled Google Analytics advertising features such as remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit our website, not your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected using Google Analytics with PD. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google also uses specific identifiers to help collect information about the use of our website. For more information on how Google collects and processes your data, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/You can prevent Google Analytics from using your information by opting out at this link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutSquarespace CookiesYou can find more details on the exact cookies that this Squarespace website uses in this article. This website is configured to disable Analytics and Performance Cookies unless you click on Continue on the Cookie Notice.3. How Your Information Is UsedWe use the information we receive from you to:• Send you an email newsletter 1-2 times a month with Squarespace updates, business and product news, and special offers• Provide our products and services you have requested or purchased from us• Personalize and customize our content• Make improvements to our website• Contact you with updates to our website• Resolve problems and disputes• Contact you with marketing and advertising that we believe may be of interest to youCommunications and EmailsWhen we communicate with you about our website or business, we will use the email address you provided when you registered as a member or subscriber. We may also send you emails with promotional information about our website or offers from us or our affiliates unless you have opted out of receiving such information. You can change your contact preferences at any time through your customer account if you created one when purchasing a product from our website, or by using the 'update your preferences' link in marketing emails you receive from us, or by sending us an email with your request to: ADMIN *******Sharing Information With Affiliates and Other Third PartiesWe do not sell or rent your PD to third parties for marketing purposes. However, for data aggregation purposes we may use your NPD, which might be sold to other parties at our discretion. Any such data aggregation would not contain any of your PD. We may provide your PD to third-party service providers we hire to provide services to us. These third-party service providers may include but are not limited to: payment processors, website hosting companies, web analytics companies, advertising networks, call centers, data management services, help desk providers, accountants, law firms, auditors, shopping cart and email service providers, and shipping companies.Legally Required Releases of InformationWe may be legally required to disclose your PD if such disclosure is (a) required by subpoena, law, or other legal process; (b) necessary to assist law enforcement officials or government enforcement agencies; (c) necessary to investigate violations of or otherwise enforce our Legal Terms; (d) necessary to protect us from legal action or claims from third parties, including you and/or other users or members; or (e) necessary to protect the legal rights, personal/real property, or personal safety of our company, users, employees, and affiliates.Disclosures to SuccessorsIf our business is sold or merges in whole or in part with another business that would become responsible for providing the website to you, we retain the right to transfer your PD to the new business. The new business would retain the right to use your PD according to the terms of this privacy notice as well as to any changes to this privacy notice as instituted by the new business. We also retain the right to transfer your PD if our company files for bankruptcy and some or all of our assets are sold to another individual or business.Community Discussion BoardsOur website may offer the ability for users to communicate with each other through online community discussion boards or other mechanisms. We do not filter or monitor what is posted on such discussion boards. If you choose to post on these discussion boards, you should use care when exposing any PD, as such information is not protected by our privacy notice nor are we liable if you choose to disclose your PD through such postings. Also, PD you post on our website for publication may be available worldwide by means of the Internet. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.4. Retaining and Destroying Your PDWe retain information that we collect from you (including your PD) only for as long as we need it for legal, business, or tax purposes. Your information may be retained in electronic form, paper form, or a combination of both. When your information is no longer needed, we will destroy, delete, or erase it.5. Updating Your PDYou can update your PD using services found on our website. If no such services exist, you can contact us using the contact information found at the top of this privacy notice and we will help you. However, we may keep your PD as needed to enforce our agreements and to comply with any legal obligations.6. Revoking Your Consent for Using Your PD You have the right to revoke your consent for us to use your PD at any time. Such an optout will not affect disclosures otherwise permitted by law including but not limited to: (i) disclosures to affiliates and business partners, (ii) disclosures to third-party service providers that provide certain services for our business, such as credit card processing, computer system services, shipping, data management services, (iii) disclosures to third parties as necessary to fulfill your requests, (iv) disclosures to governmental agencies or law enforcement departments, or as otherwise required to be made under applicable law, (v) previously completed disclosures to third parties, or (vi) disclosures to third parties in connection with subsequent contests or promotions you may choose to enter, or third-party offers you may choose to accept. If you want to revoke your consent for us to use your PD, send us an email with your request to: ADMIN7. Protecting the Privacy Rights of Third PartiesIf any postings you make on our website contain information about third parties, you must make sure you have permission to include that information in your posting. While we are not legally liable for the actions of our users, we will remove any postings about which we are notified, if such postings violate the privacy rights of others.8. Do Not Track SettingsSome web browsers have settings that enable you to request that our website not track your movement within our website. Our website does not obey such settings when transmitted to and detected by our website. You can turn off tracking features and other security settings in your browser by referring to your browser’s user manual.9. Links to Other WebsitesOur website may contain links to other websites. These websites are not under our control and are not subject to our privacy notice. These websites will likely have their own privacy notices. We have no responsibility for these websites and we provide links to these websites solely for your convenience. You acknowledge that your use of and access to these websites are solely at your risk. It is your responsibility to check the privacy notices of these websites to see how they treat your PD. 10. Protecting Children’s PrivacyEven though our website is not designed for use by anyone under the age of 16, we realize that a child under the age of 16 may attempt to access our website. We do not knowingly collect PD from children under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that your child is using our website, please contact us. Before we remove any information, we may ask for proof of identification to prevent malicious removal of account information. If we discover that a child is accessing our website, we will delete his/her information within a reasonable period of time. You acknowledge that we do not verify the age of our users nor do we have any liability to do so. 11. Our Email PolicyYou can always opt out of receiving further email correspondence from us or our affiliates. We will not sell, rent, or trade your email address to any unaffiliated third party without your permission except in the sale or transfer of our business, or if our company files for bankruptcy.12. Our Security PolicyWe have built our website using industry-standard security measures and authentication tools to protect the security of your PD. We and the third parties who provide services for us, also maintain technical and physical safeguards to protect your PD. When we collect your credit card information through our website, we will encrypt it before it travels over the Internet using industry-standard technology for conducting secure online transactions. Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee against the loss or misuse of your PD or secure data transmission over the Internet because of its nature. We strongly urge you to protect any password you may have for our website and to not share it with anyone. You should always log out of our website when you finish using it, especially if you are sharing or using a computer in a public place.13. Use of Your Credit CardYou may have to provide a credit card to buy products and services from our website. We use third-party billing services and have no control over these services. We use our commercially reasonable efforts to make sure your credit card number is kept strictly confidential by using only third-party billing services that use industry-standard encryption technology to protect your credit card number from unauthorized use. However, you understand and agree that we are in no way responsible for any misuse of your credit card number. 14. Transferring PD From the European UnionPD that we collect from you may be stored, processed, and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate, specifically the United States. The European Union has not found the United States and some other countries to have an adequate level of protection of PD under Article 45 of the GDPR. Our company relies on derogations for specific situations as defined in Article 49 of the GDPR. For European Union customers and users, with your consent, your PD may be transferred outside the European Union to the United States. We will use your PD to provide the goods, services, and/or information you request from us to perform a contract with you or to satisfy a legitimate interest of our company in a manner that does not outweigh your freedoms and rights. Wherever we transfer, process or store your PD, we will take reasonable steps to protect it. We will use the information we collect from you in accordance with our privacy notice. By using our website, services, or products, you agree to the transfers of your PD described within this section.15. Changes to Our Privacy NoticeWe reserve the right to change this privacy notice at any time. If our company decides to change this privacy notice, we will post those changes on our website so that our users and customers are always aware of what information we collect, use, and disclose. If at any time we decide to disclose or use your PD in a method different from that specified at the time it was collected, we will provide advance notice by email (sent to the email address on file in your account). Otherwise we will use and disclose our users’ and customers’ PD in agreement with the privacy notice in effect when the information was collected. In all cases, your continued use of our website, services, and products after any change to this privacy notice will constitute your acceptance of such change.16. Questions About Our Privacy NoticeIf you have any questions about our privacy notice, please contact us using the information at the top of this privacy notice.Copyright © Orion Systems. This privacy notice or any portion of it may not be copied or duplicated without a license from https://www.DisclaimerTemplate.comThis website is hosted by Squarespace and its use is subject to Squarespace's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.Kerry Blue Terrier FoundationP. O. Box 1495 Solvang, CA 93464 USAsupport@kerryblues.info© Kerry Blue Terrier Foundation.