http://www.riograndecouncil.org/securityandprivacypolicy.htm
Doubleknot Privacy and Security Policy
Effective 1/9/2018
The following contain our policies on privacy and security. We invite you
to contact us if you have questions about this policy. You may contact us by mail,
email, telephone or fax at the following:
Doubleknot LLC
20665 4th Street, Suite 103
Saratoga, California 95070
Email: support@doubleknot.com
Telephone: +1 408-971-9120
Fax: +1 408-741-1000
Privacy
We realize most organizations, especially those that include youth participation, are
very concerned about privacy. Keeping information secure, and using
it only as our customers would want us to, is a top priority. It is Doubleknot's policy
that all information is confidential and owned by the organization subscribing to our service.
Doubleknot does not rent, sell, or share personal information other than to fulfill our obligations
to the subscribing organization and comply with the legal requirements. By default, from
log in to log out, all communication between our server and your browser is encrypted.
Use of cookies
When you visit Doubleknot's site we use "cookies" to provide context to
your visit. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser
by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It cannot
be executed as code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify
you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept
it. Cookies are required to use Doubleknot.
While Doubleknot uses cookies to provide context to your visit, and our Web servers
automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, Doubleknot does not
use this information other then to protect ourselves and our members against
fraud and illegal activity. Doubleknot does use cookies to "remember"
the user ID and, if you consent, encrypted password you use to log on to the site.
We store this information solely to make the logon on process easier. Other
cookies we use are "session only" cookies and are removed then your visit
to our site ends.
How We Secure Information
Doubleknot protects information in several ways.
When you send confidential personal information to us on our Web site, such as a
credit card information, member name or user ID and password, secure server software
encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us.
The information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our Web site.
By default, when signed on or making a payment, all communication with us is
encrypted.
We also use encrypted communications to transmit information between us and our
service providers.  For example, to process credit card payments we have a
secure connection to our payment processor.
For software, secure communications and service providers we only use well known
and established companies generally recognized a leader in their field.  For
example, we use GeoTrust, Inc. technology for secure communications and TSys, WorldPay, Authorize.Net
and PayPal for payment processing.
We do not allow the transmission of sensitive information thorough insecure or unencrypted
channels like email.
To safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized
access or disclosure our servers are housed behind a firewall in secure, restricted
access facilities and we fully comply with Payment Card Industry Data Security
Standards (PCI DSS). Only authorized representatives of Doubleknot can physically access our servers. To secure data from
accidental loss, alteration or destruction we back up data on our servers every few minutes.
(c) 2018 Doubkeknot LLCwww.doubleknot.com
Security, Privacy and Use of Cookie Policy