https://www.mvhalton.co.uk/no-take-policy/
Skip to content
Halton Charters operates a strict no spidge policy on all our trips.
UK diving is awesome, and we want to help keep it that way. Other than photos and happy memories, we ask all divers who come on board the Clasinato adhere to our no take policy from any wrecks or site dives we visit.
The wrecks we visit are part of the rich heritage that surrounds the UK – we like to explore it as much as you do but the we believe the best way to celebrate it is to leave it where it is.
Want a momento – try making a model? We are happy to help you with photogrammetry. Want to record the moment? We are happy to help you take a photo. Want to know more? We are happy to help you research.
Help us help you. We would like to leave what we see behind so the next lot of divers on the wreck can see it too. Having said that, in some places it is not only against our policy but it is against the law:
Scapa Flow is a Historic Marine Protected Area and damage will lead to a prosecution.
Norway has a very strict no take policy – be fully aware that it is my boat they take off me if you take off the wrecks!
Privacy Policy | Cookies | Design: Steve Jakeway
Theme by Colorlib Powered by WordPress
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.