https://www.lucasvineyards.com/company-policies/
Shop
Cart
Lucas Vineyards
Company Policies
Shipping Information
In order to ship and track merchandise, we make your name and address available to such companies as the United Parcel Service, Federal Express, and the U.S. Postal Service (“UPS,” “FedEx,” and “USPS,” respectively). These business affiliates are strictly prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose. A person 21 years of age or older must be present to sign for shipments of alcoholic beverages.
Order Tracking
Items usually arrive within 7-10 business days, and you will be emailed a tracking number when your order has shipped. If you do not receive an email, please contact Customer Service for order tracking information.
Shipping & Handling Charges
Shipping & Handling charges are noted during the check-out process.
Multiple Delivery Attempts
If no one is available to receive the package and it cannot be left in a secure location, two subsequent attempts to deliver will be made. Wine orders require signature of an individual 21 years of age or older. To avoid missed deliveries and ensure the fastest delivery time, we strongly encourage you to use a commercial business address whenever possible.
Returns and Exchanges
Lucas Vineyards is not allowed, by law, to accept wine returns. For non-wine merchandise please contact us by telephone at (607) 532-4825 prior to returning a purchase so that we can issue you a Return Merchandise Authorization Number. All return merchandise requests must receive an authorization number.
Credit Cards
When you make a purchase or join a Wine Club, your credit card will be processed by Lucas Vineyards. Please check your credit card statement to verify that the charges have been properly processed. We do not share any personal information with third parties, except where required to fulfill your order (i.e. with mail carriers: UPS, FedEx, or USPS). We do not release credit card or financial information for use by other companies.
Security Policy
We understand your concerns about online security. Because we share these concerns, we work diligently to make our site a highly secure ordering environment so you can shop with confidence.
Privacy Policy
Lucas Vineyards ensures that its customers’ personal information will be kept private and confidential. Lucas Vineyards is committed to maintaining clients’ privacy by safeguarding all account, transaction, and personal information. Such information is considered confidential and non-public.
We do not, under any circumstances, share, sell, or trade your personal information – email addresses, information collected as part of a survey, or specific details about you or your household – to or with anyone.
Moreover, we do not contribute to or participate in shared or cooperative databases, which give other companies access to your personal information. Nor do we release credit card or financial information for use by other companies.
Communications
We email our Newsletter and sales/event updates as well as information for our wine and other products to subscribers only. For those who do not want to receive email communications from Lucas Vineyards, unsubscribe instructions are included in each email. Please note that we do not sell or share email addresses with other companies. We use email solely as a means of maintaining open communications with our customers; we strongly encourage you to email us with any questions or comments.
How To Remove Your Name From Our Mailing List
Email us at info@lucasvineyards.com.
Questions or Comments
For questions, comments or assistance with any privacy-related issues, we invite you to email us at info@lucasvineyards.com or call us at (607) 532-4825.
Age Restriction Policy
There are no materials, images, or words on this website that would normally raise any issue about age appropriateness. Alcoholic beverages may not be purchased by persons under 21 years of age.
By entering Lucas Vineyard’s Online Store, you affirm that you are of legal drinking age in the country where this site is accessed.
Warning To Minors
WARNING! Minors providing false information when obtaining alcoholic beverages over the Internet will face criminal prosecution and civil liability. Violators may be charged federally with wire and credit card fraud and under multiple state laws prohibiting the attempted purchase or possession of alcohol by minors. Penalties include monetary fines, jail time, criminal probation, loss of driver’s, license and a criminal record that must be disclosed on job and college applications. Licensed sellers of alcohol (including wineries and retailers) who pay large fines and lose alcohol license privileges for sales to minors are entitled to sue the minor for compensation. All Internet customers must provide a credit card number and delivery address and can therefore be POSITIVELY identified to law enforcement.
IF YOU ARE UNDER 21 — DO NOT RISK YOUR FUTURE!
HomeOur StoryShopEventsCaptain’s Table ClubVisitContact
Our Promise
At Lucas Vineyards, the experience we provide our customers is what sets us apart. We pride ourselves on celebrating every visitor who comes through our doors. To us, when you arrive at our vineyards it’s not just another customer visit, it’s an occasion! Whether you are already a case club member, an event patron, a wine customer, or a brand-new visitor to our beautiful vineyards, our wine family will greet you warmly and value every minute you spend enjoying your wine tasting, browsing the gift shop, or relaxing outside with a fresh bottle of wine.
Lucas Vineyards3862 County Road 150,Interlaken NY, 148471-800-682-WINE or 607-532-4825info@lucasvineyards.com
Follow us online!
Employment / Trade & Media / Company Policies
© 2019 Lucas Vineyards
Website Designed and Built by True Creative