https://www.flyfrontier.com/legal/california-privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
Legal
/
California Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy For California Residents
Notice of Collection of Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive (FRONTIER Miles)
Your Privacy is important to us. See how we protect your information.
This PRIVACY POLICY FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS (“California Privacy Policy”) supplements the information contained in the Privacy Policy of Frontier Airlines and applies solely to passengers, customers, users, and others who are residents of the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). This California Privacy Policy applies to the website, mobile app, and electronic communications where it appears (the “Network”). Frontier Airlines has adopted this California Privacy Policy to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.
The CCPA gives California residents the right to know what specific personal information, and categories of information, Frontier Airlines holds and provides to others, and the right to have that information be deleted by Frontier Airlines, subject to certain exceptions.
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). The chart below shows the following categories of personal information about consumers that Frontier Airlines has collected within the last 12 month:
Category
Examples
Collected
Business or Commercial Purpose for its Use
A. Identifiers
Includes a consumer’s name, postal address, Internet Protocol (IP) address, email address, passport number, known traveler number, redress number
YES
To confirm identity of passengers, provide flight information, and as required by law
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Includes a consumer’s name, address, telephone number, passport number, known traveler number, redress number, credit card number, debit card number. Personal information in this category may overlap with other categories
YES
To confirm identity of passengers, make bookings, provide flight information, and as required by law
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Includes a consumer’s age, physical or mental disability, gender identity, veteran or military status
YES
To confirm identity of passengers, provide certain accommodations or benefits, and as required by law
D. Commercial information
Includes records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
YES
To facilitate future bookings and improve services
E. Internet or other similar network activity
Includes browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement
YES
To provide a better experience on our Network and improve services
F. Geolocation data
Includes physical location
YES
To provide a better experience on our Network
G. Sensory data
Includes audio information
YES
Telephone calls are recorded to improve customer service performance
H. Professional or employment-related information
Current or past job history or performance evaluations
YES
To allow applications for positions at Frontier Airlines online
I. Inferences drawn from other personal information
Includes profiles reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, behavior, and attitudes
YES
To provide a better Network experience and improve services
Personal information, under the CCPA, does not include information that is publicly available from government records or deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from our customers, when you book flights on Frontier Airlines, make submissions to our Network, call Frontier Airlines directly, and interact with us in person during your flights on Frontier Airlines
Passively from our customers, including from activity on our Network. For example, through information we collect from our customers in the course of providing services or website usage details collected automatically
From third parties or service providers that interact with Frontier Airlines in connection with the services we perform, such as travel agents and online travel agencies, and loyalty program partners as part of mileage accrual.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the request for which the information is provided and provide the goods and/or services purchased. For example, if you provide your personal information to make a reservation for a flight, we will use that personal information to process your payment, though our payment processor, provide additional information about your scheduled flight(s), and provide transportation services to you. We may also save your personal information to facilitate new bookings
To contact and communicate with you about our products and services, and your relationship with us, and to respond to your questions and other communications;
To personalize and improve your experience of our Network and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers including sending promotional information about our products, services, competitions and giveaways;
To personalize and customize your experience on our Network through ads (with our consent, where required by law)
For internal record keeping and administrative purposes;
To prevent fraud and ensure the protection of the rights, property security, and safety of our customers or others, our company and our Network;
For testing, market research, analysis and product development, for instance we may send you information about new features on our Network, new services we offer and special offers;
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations, as well as to resolve any legal disputes; and/or
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Frontier Airlines is included in the assets being transferred.
Frontier Airlines will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
DISCLOSING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO A THIRD PARTY FOR A BUSINESS PURPOSE
Frontier Airlines discloses your personal information to third parties for business purposes. When we disclose personal information, we enter an agreement that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except in performing the agreement. We provide your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: (i) service providers; (ii) our affiliates and codeshare partner; and (iii) third parties to which you authorize Frontier Airlines to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services you elect to purchase from them.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information listed above to third parties to provide our Frontier Airlines services to consumers, for the business purposes listed above: A. Identifiers; B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)); D. Commercial information; F. Internet or other similar network activity and K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
OPTIONAL PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES
You may elect to purchase additional services and goods provided by third parties by selecting links during or after the booking process. Examples of this type of optional service are car rentals, hotel reservations, or travel insurance. If you elect to apply for a FRONTIER Airlines World Mastercard card, information provided to the credit card issuer by Frontier Airlines may include data about your past interactions with Frontier Airlines. As part of that election, Frontier Airlines may provide personal information that you provide during the booking process to that third party to facilitate your purchase. Except with respect to certain information provided regarding accrual of Miles as part of the FRONTIER Miles loyalty program, and costs added to your cart at the time of purchase from third parties, those third parties do not provide any additional personal information back to Frontier Airlines.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
The CCPA provides California residents (consumers) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Right to Access to Specific Information, Categories of Information and Reasons for Collecting (Right to Know)
You have the right to request that we disclose the following information to you about our collection, use, disclosure, and sale of your personal information over the past 12 months.  Specifically, you have the right to request the following:
The categories of personal information we collected about you
The categories of sources of the personal information we collected about you
The specific personal information we collected about you
The categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose
The categories of third parties to which we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information
Right to Request Deletion (Right to Delete)
Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete any of all of your personal information that we collected from you and retained over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. You may request Frontier Airlines to delete only a portion of your personal information.
If you submit a verifiable consumer request for Frontier Airlines to delete your personal information, we will ask you to confirm your request before deleting the information. If you are a FRONTIER Miles member or subscribe to Discount Den, a request to delete your personal information will revoke your membership and/or subscription, as we would not be able to track your membership or mileage activity.
We may deny all or part of your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated based on our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our agreement with you
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
Exercise free speech or ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their right of free speech or other right provided for by law
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with Frontier Airlines
Comply with law or a legal obligation
Otherwise use your personal information internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provide the information.
As required by the CCPA, unless otherwise required by applicable law or regulation, Frontier Airlines will not at any time disclose any government-issued identification number, including your passport number, known traveler number or redress number.
HOW TO REQUEST TO KNOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR REQUEST DELETION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
To use the access and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request in any of the following ways:
Go to our request webform at California Consumer Privacy Policy Form
Call Frontier Airlines toll free at 1-800-243-6297
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf (an authorized agent) may make a verifiable consumer request relating to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
HOW FRONTIER AIRLINES WILL VERIFY A CONSUMER REQUEST
You may only make a verifiable consumer request twice within a 12-month period. Your verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or the authorized agent of that person, or you are the parent or guardian of a minor child about whom we have collected personal information, and that any authorized agent is authorized to make the request on your behalf, and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it
Frontier Airlines must be able to verify your identity, or if you are an authorized agent, your authority to make a request on behalf of a consumer, to be able to respond to your request or provide you with personal information. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor child for whom you wish to make a request, then you will be asked to certify as to that relationship.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us, though if you are a FRONTIER Miles member, you may provide your account number to verify your identity. We will use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request only to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
To verify your identity, we will request information that is generally provided when making a booking, such as name, address, birth date, email address and/or information regarding flights flown on Frontier.
RESPONSE TO A VERIFIABLE CONSUMER REQUEST
Frontier Airlines’ policy is to confirm a request to know or a request to delete within 10 days of its receipt.
Frontier Airlines’ policy is to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically. Any disclosures we provide will cover the 12-month period before Frontier Airlines’ receipt of your request.
If we are unable to comply with all or a part of your request, a notice will be sent to you that explains the reasons we cannot comply with a request.
For responses to requests to know your personal information, we will present your personal information in a way that is readily useable, and provide it using reasonable security measures.
We do not generally charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless the request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. Pursuant to CCPA, if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
FRONTIER Miles AND DISCOUNT DEN (FINANCIAL INCENTIVE PROGRAMS)
FRONTIERMiles, Frontier Airlines’ loyalty program, is free to all customers and rewards you for flying on Frontier Airlines. Customers also can purchase a subscription to our Discount Den fare club, which provides subscribers with discounted fares.
FRONTIERMiles collects and keeps the personal information that you would provide in making a booking or signing into your account, as well as records of flights you have taken on Frontier Airlines. Members in the program may accrue miles by flying on our airline and/or interacting with our program partners, which may then be used to make bookings or purchase other goods or services.
Discount Den collects and keeps the personal information that you would provide in making a booking or subscribing to Discount Den. If you subscribe to Discount Den, for a yearly fee, you will have access to discounted fares for Frontier Airlines flights. To allow Frontier Airlines to track your Discount Den membership, all memberships include enrollment in FRONTIERMiles.
You may end your membership in either program at any time by logging into your FRONTIERMiles account or notifying Frontier Airlines.
Frontier Airlines values the data of FRONTIERMiles members and Discount Den subscribers because it allows us to track and reward Frontier Airlines passengers, based on travel frequency with Frontier Airlines, or as part of the subscription program.
If you are a FRONTIERMiles member and request deletion of part or all your personal information, that could affect your FRONTIERMiles and Discount Den memberships. If we cannot retain your personal information, you will no longer be a FRONTIERMiles member or have a Discount Den subscription, and so would forfeit any accrued miles and future Discount Den benefits would be removed.
NON-DISCRIMINATION
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Denying you goods or services
Charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties
Providing you a different level or quality of goods or services
Suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services
AUTHORIZED AGENTS
You may authorize a natural person or a business entity registered with the California Secretary of State to act on your behalf to make a request to know or to delete your personal information.
To do so, you must (i) verify your identity to Frontier Airlines and provide that authorized agent written permission to make such a request or (ii) provide the authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to the California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465.
The authorized agent must include those authorizations in the verifiable consumer request.
FOR MORE INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this California Privacy Policy or any of the information it contains please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 1-800-243-6297 Email:  Privacy@flyfrontier.com