http://www.travelaholics.com/help/privacy/
Travelaholics.com Privacy Policy
Versão Portuguesa: Travelaholics.com.pt Política de Privacidade Versão Brasileira: Travelaholics.com.br Política de Privacidade
HomeAccommodationToolsPartnersHelp
Site MapFAQAbout UsGet ListedContactTermsPrivacy
World
Help:Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Consent
By using this site you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in the following Privacy Policy.
Context
This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions. Where conflicts exist between this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions, then the Terms and Conditions shall apply. This Privacy Policy supersedes any Privacy Policy previously posted to this site.
Data Controller Registered with the Information Commissioner (United Kingdom)
Travelaholics Ltd is a Data Controller registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 with the Information Commissioner (United Kingdom). Our Data Protection Registration outlines the way in which we use personal information, as notified to the Information Commissioner.
General Principles
The privacy of your personal information is very important to us. We have created this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we use any personal information that you send to us. We do not sell or otherwise distribute mailing lists of clients' personal details, or their email addresses.
What Personal Data do We Collect?
We collect personal information such as name, address, telephone number and email address from members of Travelaholics.com. We collect personal details when you submit forms on our site. We may also ask you to provide information to help customise your experience on our site, such as preferred currency and country of origin.
We log domain names and IP addresses for our internal site traffic statistics. The other personal details that we collect will be mentioned in dedicated sections of this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are saved to your hard drive by your browser. Many websites use cookies. Travelaholics uses a cookie to identify you from the many other users who may be using our site and to help customise your experience on our website. Our cookie contains a session identifier, and no websites other than Travelaholics.com can access this cookie. The cookie does not contain any personal information. Depending on the internet browser that you are using, you will be able to set its options to warn you when a cookie is being accessed, or to prevent cookies from being accepted. If you prevent your browser from accepting a cookie, many features of this site will not work. That is because some of the features that we have built into our site are dependent upon cookies to provide the necessary functionality.On some pages we have used services provided by other websites, such as advertisements. These websites may also use a cookie, and
these cookies will only be accessible by them. One such 3rd-party vendor is Google, who use the DoubleClick DART cookie to store information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to not having this information used by Google and DoubleClick, Click Here.
Security
You are responsible for maintaining the security and secrecy of your password and account details.Email is not a secure method of communication, and we advise you not to send any confidential personal information to us by email (unless we have facilitated the use of a secure digital certificate, which will not be the default position).
Communications Forums and Reviews
Information and opinions that you provide to review and rating systems, chat rooms, bulletin boards and other communication forums will be made public! These forums are, by their very nature, public communication areas, and their contents will be freely visible to any visitor to our site. We strongly advise that you do not provide any information on these forums that may be used to contact you.
Sharing Information
Travelaholics will release your personal information to our partners when the release is required to complete a task that you have requested. Our partners are third parties who help us to complete an action or task that you have requested from us or our website. By way of example, and not as a limitation, if you book a product or service through us, it will be necessary to pass on some of your personal details to the tour or accommodation operator so that the booking can be completed. We may transfer your personal information worldwide as necessary.
We will also make transfers of your personal details in accordance with other clauses of this Privacy Policy.On occasion we may release personal information in an aggregate form to suppliers or customers. In these cases, your personal information will not be identifiable. Travelaholics does not sell or otherwise distribute mailing lists of personal details to other organisations, and we have no intention of doing this in the future.
External Data Providers and Web Services
Travelaholics accesses and displays personal data supplied by external organisations and web services. This includes, without limitation, reviews and authentication systems.
We use this data in accordance with the privacy requirements supplied to us by these organisations. If you wish to change this data, please contact Travelaholics and the organisation to which you supplied the data.
Disclosure for Legal Reasons
Travelaholics will disclose personal information when required to do so by law; or when requested to do so by law enforcement authorities, government authorities, or the courts; or when, in good faith belief, disclosure is necessary or advisable to protect the rights and property of Travelaholics Ltd, to bring action (including legal) against persons who are or may be interfering, intentionally or otherwise, with our rights or property, or to prevent harm being caused to any person, including the data subject.
When We Will Contact You
We will contact you when we find that it is necessary to do so
to complete an action that you have requested from us or our website (such as making a booking, or requesting information). This includes, without limitation, post-trip follow-up and feedback. We may contact you by mail, email, telephone or any other method that we may find suitable.Additionally, from time-to-time, we may send you a newsletter or other mailing or information in which we think you may be interested. We will only do this if you have agreed that we may send you this information and if you have not opted-out from these mailings (see separate section).
Opt-Out Policy
You have the choice to opt-out from receiving mailings and newsletters from us.
When you sign-up, you are given the choice to receive these mailings. You may login in and change your preferences to stop receiving mailings from us. Also you may click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the newsletter to avoid any future mailings. However, we will still send you correspondence that is necessary for us to complete an action (such as a booking) that you have requested from us, even if you have opted-out from receiving mailings and newsletters.
Updating Personal Information
We may review and update your personal information at any time to ensue that your personal information is correct and current.
Access to Personal Information
You can gain access to your personal information by contacting us.
Location of Information
Your personal information may be stored, without limitation, on computer systems, servers and data media that are owned, leased, hired or operated, exclusively or otherwise, by Travelaholics Ltd. These systems may be located anywhere in the world.
External Links
When you click on a link that leads you to an external website, you are entering a website for which Travelaholics holds no responsibility. Such external websites are likely to have a Privacy Policy that differs from that of Travelaholics, and the Privacy Policy of Travelaholics will not apply. We strongly advise you to read the Privacy Policy of any site that you visit.
Correspondence with Other Organisations
This privacy policy does not apply to your correspondence with operators and other organisations made by you using email addresses and
contact information supplied on this website.
Amendment of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended at any time without notice. The amended version of the Privacy Policy will supersede any previous Privacy Policy and will be posted on this page.
Concerns Regarding this Privacy Policy
If you have any concerns about this Privacy Policy, or privacy and security in general; if there are any issues that you think we should be aware of; or you believe Travelaholics has not adhered to this Privacy Policy in any way, then please do not hesitate to contact us using the information on the Contact Us page from the menu.
Thank you.
Version Dated: 12 Jan 2011
Home
:
Explore Accommodation
:
Site Map
:
FAQ
:
About Us
:
Get Listed
:
Contact Us
:
Terms
:
Privacy
© Copyright Travelaholics Ltd 2020. All Rights Reserved.