https://www.maplelakes.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
(330) 336-22514275 Blake Rd, Seville, OH 44273Facebook page opens in new window
Home Featured Rentals Activities Rates Attractions Travel Info Campground Map Gallery Blog Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for https://maplelakes.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website.
Maple Lakes Recreation Park is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Privacy Policy applies to the Maple Lakes Recreation Park website and governs data collection and usage. By using our website, you consent to the data practices described in this policy.
Collection of your Personal Information
We collect personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number. We also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your zipcode, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by us. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by us for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Use of your Personal Information
Maple Lakes Recreation Park collects and uses your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We also may use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from us. We may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
We do not sell, rent or lease our customer list to third parties. In addition, we may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to us, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
We keep track of the website and pages our customers visit, in order to determine what services are the most popular.
Maple Lakes Recreation Park will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of, or the public.
Use of Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the features of our website.
Third Party Cookies
Our website will set several types of third-party cookie, and we do not control the operation of any of them. The third-party cookies which may be set include
Google Analytics – we use Google Analytics to collect data about website usage. This data does not include personally identifiable information. You can view the Google Privacy Policy here: www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Facebook – we use a Facebook pixel to obtain information regarding the activities that users engage in while visiting our web pages. For information on Facebook’s Privacy and Cookie policy, visit https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Maple Lakes Recreation Park secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you. We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 330.336.2251 or via email at maplelakes@maplelakes.com.
Go to Top
X