http://www.unitedplanet.org/privacy
COVID-19 Response | Support via Virtual Volunteer & Virtual Internships Worldwide
Travel Update: Costa Rica Now Open for Short-Term and Long-Term Programs
X
Search
About
About Us
FAQs
Health and Safety
Partnerships
Virtual Internships/Virtual Volunteering
Virtual Exchange Program
Our Team
Careers
Donate to United Planet
Why United Planet
Why Us
Reviews
Voices
Journal
United Planet Radio
Blog
Submissions
Virtual Volunteer
Virtual Volunteering and Internship
Virtual Gap Year
Virtual Countries and Projects
Virtual Group Volunteering
Virtual Global Leaders Program
Volunteer Abroad
Volunteer Abroad
Short-Term (1 – 12 weeks)
Mid-Term (4-16 weeks)
Long-Term (6 months+)
Volunteer in Mexico with Crystal Hefner
Group & Corporate
Intern Abroad
Virtual Internships/Virtual Volunteering
Volunteer Countries
Regions
Africa
Asia
Europe
Latin and South America
Project Areas
Children and Education
Environmental Sustainability
Global Health
Specific Interests
For Gap Year volunteers
For Teen volunteers
For Family volunteers
For Medical volunteers
For Dental volunteers
Corporate Leadership Development
Seminar in International Service-Learning
Scholarships and Grants
Contact
Enroll
United Planet Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for United Planet. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your requests.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about news, programs, or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Contact Forms
A user may complete a contact form.  During these steps, a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the programs/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself.
Enrollment Forms
To enroll in a program, you must provide contact information (like name and  address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes only. If we have trouble processing an enrollment, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (617) 874-8041 or team@unitedplanet.org.
About UsUnited Planet is a non-profit organization with a mission to create a global community, one relationship at a time. We connect volunteers who want to make a difference with communities in more than 30 countries, where they learn, teach, work, engage and immerse themselves in a culture outside their comfort zone. For many, it’s the most fulfilling experience of their lives.
©2020 United Planet. All rights reserved.
Quick Links About Us
Donate
Enroll Now
Volunteer Abroad Countries
Volunteer Abroad Reviews
Gap Year Volunteering
Gap Year - Why Gap Years Matter?
Refer Friends, Give Travel Grants
Virtual Internships, Virtual Volunteering
Virtual Exchange Program
Seminar in International Service-Learning
Work for Us
Privacy Notice
Popular Short-Term CountriesCosta Rica
Ecuador
GhanaJapanNepal
Peru
Contact UsUnited PlanetBoston Harbor Shipyard and Marina256 Marginal StreetBoston, MA 02128
(617) 874-8041quest@unitedplanet.orgFacebookTwitterYouTubeInstagram