http://www.greatcampjobs.com/privacy-policy
Great Camp Jobs Privacy Policy Statement
Protecting personal information and using it in a manner consistent with your expectations is a high priority for everyone associated with our camps. As a user of our web site, you also have a responsibility to safeguard your information and how it is used on the Internet. To ensure that you can rely upon the quality, consistency, and confidentiality of this site, we stand behind the following privacy policy:
Security:
We use industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. Your account is password protected to ensure that only you have access to your personal information. Great Camp Jobs will collect only the personal information that is necessary to conduct our business. The camps will protect your personal information. Great Camp Jobs will maintain strong security controls to ensure that member information in our files and computers is protected. Where appropriate, we will use security-coding techniques to protect against unauthorized access to personal records, ensure accuracy and integrity of communications and transactions and protect user confidentiality.
You will always have access to your information. As a user of our web sites, you will always have the opportunity to review your information and make necessary changes to ensure that our sources are complete and accurate.
We will never sell or divulge in any way any personally identifiable information to a third party without your prior consent, unless we are lawfully required to do so.
Tracking and Statistics:
We track how visitors use our online services. This tracking system tells us on which page someone entered our website, what pages were visited, but it doesn't capture any information that personally identifies a visitor. This information is used for internal review to help us in the management and continuing development of our website.
General Disclaimer:
Great Camp Jobs makes every effort to provide links from our Web Sites to other sites that members will find reliable and non-offensive. However, we do not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any information or content contained on or distributed through web sites linked to or from this web site. Reliance upon any such materials shall be at your sole risk. Additionally, Great Camp Jobs is not responsible for the copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in sites linked to or from this web site or subsequent links from other sites.
Correct/Update:
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
CampGroup, LLC
4 New King Street
White Plains, NY 10604
Phone: (914) 997-2177
Fax: (914) 422-3635
Copyright(c) 2015 - All Rights Reserved
THE CAMPGROUP FAMILY OF CAMPS