https://www.iwai.ie/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Home/Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Who we are
The Inland Waterways Association of Ireland (IWAI) is a voluntary body and a registered charity concerned with the restoration, development, use and maintenance of Ireland’s rivers and canals. We have 23 branches spread across the island of Ireland.
Membership of our Association is voluntary. As part of the management and promotion of our organisation we gather personal data through this website, our online shop, when you contact us by phone, when you email us or attend one of our events. Processing of this data is necessary in the performance of our contract with members or in meeting the demands of our shop customers. The security of your data is a priority at IWAI and we are committed to respecting your privacy rights. We will handle your data fairly and legally at all times. We will also be transparent about what data we collect about you and how we use it.
Our in-house Data Protection Officer can be contacted at dpo@iwai.ie
This policy applies specifically to iwai.ie and provides you with information about:
what personal data we collect;
how we use your data;
who we share your data with;
how long we hold onto your data for;
how we ensure your privacy is maintained; and
your legal rights relating to your personal data.
What personal data we collect from you on this site
We use this site to collect data on
Your name
Your address including County or Postcode
Your email address
Your organisation (Corporate members only)
Your phone number, if you have provided it
Your vessel name, if you have provided it
For customers of our online shop we collect data on
Your name
Your address
Your email address
Details of any previous purchases
Copies of invoices for Revenue
What personal data does this website collect using cookies
This site uses session cookies that we transfer to your computer for the duration of your visit. We use the session cookie to track your progress through the site, allowing us to maintain the security and integrity of the data being used. If you have chosen to disable session cookies on your browser the site will switch to URL redirection, allowing you to use all aspects of this online service.For general web browsing no personal information is revealed to us, although certain statistical information is available to us via google analytics.
This information may include:
The logical address of the server you are using
The top level domain name from which you access the internet (e.g. .ie, .com, .org)
The type of browser you are using
The name of your internet service provider
The date and time you access our site
The internet address used to link to our site
The date and duration of your visit to our site
The parts of our site you visit
Information from the device (device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in and web browser type) you used during your visit
Some of the above information is used to create summary statistics that allow us to assess the number of visitors to our site, identify what pages are accessed most frequently and also to help us to make our site more user friendly
How we use your data
All of the personal data we collect from you on this site is collected for the setup of your IWAI account, to administer your account and to allow you to create and secure your account login details, to manage your membership, to meet our legal business responsibilities and to manage any online purchases you may make.
We also like to contact you regarding other IWAI projects, products, services, upcoming meetings or events or to survey you on a matter of interest to the membership of our Association. If you are consenting to being contacted please tick the relevant boxes on the registration page, allow emails or SMS texts.
In addition your branch committee may contact you by an instant messaging service provided they have your mobile telephone number and you have agreed to be contacted in this way.
If you are elected as an officer of any of our branches, as a Council Representative or as a Director at Executive level then your email address and at times, your mobile phone number, will be used to contact you in relation to managing the business of IWAI and our branches.
Data processed for the administration of purchases made in our online shop will not be used for any other purpose. We will only process your data for the purpose for which it was collected. Your data will not be reused for secondary purposes without notifying you.
Who we share your data with
Access to our membership system on which our personal data is stored is restricted as follows.
Members of the national executive of IWAI such as the national membership secretary, the national treasurer and the honorary secretary have access to the items of your personal data that it is necessary for them to access to manage their function within IWAI. Committee members from the branch to which you have chosen to be affiliated (such as the branch secretary, treasurer, membership secretary) will also have access to the items of your personal data necessary for them to manage their functions within the IWAI branch. Our webmasters, both those who manage our national website and those that manage the branch websites, also have access to the data that is necessary for them to manage their function within IWAI.
IWAI.ie is hosted by Hosting Ireland and they also provide us with technical support. We also share your name and address with the mailing house we use for the purpose of sending you copies of Inland Waterways News and, where relevant, AGM / EGM notifications and associated documents. If you make a purchase from our online shop, the shop manager and the national webmaster has access to your name, email address, postal address and records of any purchases you have made. We have an agreement in place with those who process the data on our behalf that they will only process as directed by us and in line with our commitment to you regarding your privacy. We will not share your data with any other third party without your consent.
How long we hold your data for
We will hold your data for as long as you continue to renew annual membership with IWAI and for two full calendar years after the year in which you last paid for IWAI membership i.e. if you were last a member of IWAI from March 2016 to March 2017 we will hold your data until year end 2019. However we will of course delete all personal data pertaining to you immediately on your written request to dpo@iwai.ie .
For persons who make purchases from our online shop, we will hold your data for 3 years. However copies of invoices will be retained on file, for inspection by Revenue if required, for 7 years.
How we ensure your privacy is maintained
We hold your personal data on our SSL secure computerised database to ensure that loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration or destruction of this information is not probable. We do not store credit card information, instead when you make an online payment we use Realex and Worldpay secure servers to manage credit / debit card payments which return only an authorisation code to our website.
By using a Google product such as Google Analytics iwai.ie is subject to their terms and conditions and how this information is used. Google are compliant with Data Protection legislation as per their privacy statement at https://policies.google.com/privacy .
We are hosted by Hosting Ireland and are subject to their Data privacy policy as per https://www.hostingireland.ie/privacy-policy . Hosting Ireland has achieved the Cyber Essentials Security Certification Standard.
Your legal rights relating to your data
You have the following rights in relation to data collected on this site:
the right to ask what personal data that we hold about you at any time
the right to ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal data that we hold about you free of charge; and
the right to have any personal data about you deleted.
We rely on you, our members, to inform us when your personal data, e.g. email address, has changed so that we may update our records accordingly.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please email your request to our Data Protection Officer at dpo@iwai.ie
0
This website uses cookies and third party services as per our Privacy Statement
Accept