https://www.kgoc.org.uk/privacy-policy/
0844 8041066
membership@kgoc-gb.org
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Shop
Login
Privacy Policy
Your Personal Data:
What we need
Under UK Data Protection law the “chair” of the Karmann Ghia Owners Club (GB) will be what’s known as the ‘Controller’ of the personal data you provide to us. We only collect basic personal data about you which does not include any special types of information or demographic based information. This does however include name, address, email etc.
Why we need it
We need to know your basic personal data in order to provide you with a quarterly magazine and information about club activity. We will only collect data from you that is required to provide and oversee these services.
What we do with it
All the personal data we collect is processed by “WebCollect” in the UK. No other 3rd parties have access to your personal data unless the law allows them to do so.
We have a Data Protection regime in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data. More information on this framework can be found on our website.
How long we keep it
As long as you are a subscribing member your personal data records will be securely maintained and used only for the purposes set out above. If your membership should lapse, your personal data will be maintained for up to two years and will then be securely deleted. To help the Club to maintain an archive of cars, car information after the lapse of membership two year period, will be maintained for historical purposes to be used only in connection with validating the vehicle details, but without any connected personal data. This data will be maintained securely. More information can be found on our website.
What are your rights?
If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect you can request to see this information and even have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at chair@kgoc-gb.org
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Thank You