http://www.passportsandvisas.com/privacy-policy
EXPEDITED PASSPORTS
Passports and Visas.com
Standard
14 Days
Expedited
24 Hours
Post Office
Standard
6 Weeks
Expedited
2-3 Weeks
Get Started
Account Login
Login with your Email
E-Mail
Password
Forgot your password?
Login
HomePrivacy Policy
Passports and Visas.com Privacy Policy
Passports and Visas.com respects the privacy of the users of our services and web site. To that effect, we have instituted the following Privacy Policy:
Protecting your information is important to us. The following guidelines set forth our general privacy practices and principles that apply to information we collect through the following products and services, which are owned or operated by Passports and Visas.com or companies related by common ownership or control (collectively, "we," "us," or "our"). If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, you should contact Passports and Visas.com at (800) 860-8610
As a Passports and Visas.com user, you are in control of all your Passport and Visa orders. We know you want to remain in control of your personal information as well. As a pioneer in online travel document services, we realize that earning and retaining your trust is of paramount importance, and it's a responsibility we take very seriously.
That's why we've provided this Privacy Policy, which sets forth our policies regarding the collection, use and protection of the personal information of those using Passports and Visas.com websites
Personal information means information that can be linked to a specific individual, such as name, address, telephone number and email address. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy, and become familiar with it, but you should know that we do not and will never sell or rent our customers' personal information to third parties.
Please note that we review our Privacy Policy from time to time, and we may make periodic changes to the policy in connection with that review. Therefore, you may wish to bookmark this page and/or periodically review this page to make sure that you have the current version.
This Privacy Policy explains the following:
What personal information we collect from you and how we use it
What safeguards we have in place to protect your personal information
Other information you should know about your privacy
From time to time we may add or enhance services available on our websites. To the extent that these services are provided for and used by you, we will use the information you submit to facilitate the service requested. For example, if you email us with a question, we will use your email address, name, nature of the question, etc. to respond to your question. We may also store such information to assist us in making the site the better and easier to use.
Our websites contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Passports and Visas.com. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all such sites, as their policies may be materially different from this Privacy Policy. Please be very careful, responsible, and alert about your personal information whenever you're online. This privacy policy applies only to information collected by this website.
This privacy notice also details choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to update and correct your personal information.
What information do we collect?
As part of providing products and services to you, we may collect information, including personal information, about you, your spouse, your dependents, or your business when you use our services.
Learn More
Where do we get this information?
You provide most of the information we collect. We also receive information through certain digital technologies when you interact with us. Finally, other companies and government entities may share information with us.
Learn More
How do we use your information?
We use your information to provide you the products and services you request. We may also use your information, as permitted by law, including: to service and report on your account; offer you relevant information, products, or services; and enhance our products and services. These activities may be performed by us or a service provider acting on our behalf.
Who do we share your information with?
The privacy and security of your information is important to us. We do not sell or rent your information (including your social security number). We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We may however provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities processing your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Learn More
What types of web and wireless technologies (including cookies) do we use?
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
govWorks and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.
How do we respond to web browser “do not track” signals?
We treat the data of everyone who comes to our websites in accordance with this Privacy Notice, whatever their "do not track" setting. While we do not respond to web browser "do not track" signals, we give you choices about receiving promotional offers from us or third-parties. You can exercise your choices as described in this Privacy Notice.
How do we secure your information?
The security of your personal information is important to us. We utilize administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your information. If you have any questions about the security of our services, you can contact us.
What we do NOT do: a warning about "phishing." Identity theft and the practice currently known as "phishing" are of great concern to us. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is our priority. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission.
How long do we keep your information?
In accordance with applicable laws, we keep your information for as long as needed to serve you, maintain your account, as needed to operate our business, or to improve our offerings or develop new ones.
Third-party products and services, including social media features
This Privacy Notice does not apply to products or services offered by third-parties on or through our services (such as bank partners who offer Refund Transfers). You will be able to recognize when a business partner is associated with your transaction when its logo appears or is shown with our logo. You should carefully read the privacy notices and any terms and conditions applicable to such third-party products or services. When you request products or services from such companies, you give us permission to provide these third-parties with information about you necessary to fulfill or process your request.
Updating or deleting your information
Upon request and after proper identity verification, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If you are a user of our online platform, you may access your personal information through those services and, where available, update that information. The types of information that you can access and update may change over time. Remember, some of the information we collect does not identify you personally or is not stored in an online accessible format.
Opting-Out
You may choose to limit our use or our ability to share your information in certain circumstances. Our ability to offer you certain products and services and your experience may be affected by your choice. To opt out of electronic communications call us at (800) 860-8610. You may, however, continue to receive e-mail communications related directly to the services and products you purchase, such as payment receipts and status notifications.
Learn More
Contact Us
We may change or supplement this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy policy, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate prior to the change becoming effective so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If any proposed change is unacceptable to you, you may request that we remove your personal information (and/or that of other individuals for whom you have placed orders). Of course, you may always submit concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or our privacy practices via email info@govworks.com. Please reference the privacy policy in your subject line. govWorks will attempt to respond to all reasonable concerns or inquiries within 24 hours of receipt. You can also write to us in care of Passports and Visas.com 7878 Roswell Rd Suite M Atlanta GA 30350 USA
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.