http://www.caravansitefinder.co.uk/privacy-policy
Articles
Privacy Policy
We ask that you read this privacy notice carefully as it contains important information on who we are, how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information and on how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
1. Who We Are
Michael Paul Holidays Limited is a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales under company number 04829605 and whose registered office is at Rise Two Harris Lane, Abbots Leigh, Bristol BS8 3QX.
Michael Paul Holidays Limited owns and controls the following websites:
michaelpaulholidays.co.uk/ and https://www.caravansitefinder.co.uk/
Michael Paul Holidays Limited collects, uses and is responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are regulated under the Data Protection Act 2018 (Data Legislation) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of the Data Legislation.
2. The Personal Data We Collect and Use
2.1 Information Collected By Us and How We Use It
We collect the following personal information when you provide it to us:
If we have your consent, we may use your personal data to make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you. If you would like to unsubscribe from any emails from us, you can also click on the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of the email.
The types of data we collect are as follows:
Identity information - includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, martial status, title, date of birth and gender; and in the case of a booking by you, may include the same information for people travelling with you
Contact details - includes home address, email address and telephone number
Financial information - includes bank account details or payment card details
Details of other transactions with us - includes details about payments to and from you and other details of holidays you have purchased through any of our websites
Marketing and Communications - includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communications preferences
Profile information concerning your purchasing history - includes your Identity information (as defined above) and purchases made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses
Technical IT data - includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access our websites
We do not seek to collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
2.2 Information Collected From Other Sources
We also obtain personal information from other sources as follows:
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect certain technical data (for example, internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and version, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website) about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below
(a) credit checking: to enable us to make credit decisions about you, we may search the files of credit reference agencies (who will record the search). Your information may be linked to records relating to other people living at the same address with whom you are financially linked;
(b) identity and contact data from publicly availably sources such as the Electoral Register based inside the EU.
3. Who We Share your Personal Information With
We may share your Identity Information and Contact Details with the parties set out below:
Service providers (such as Google, Facebook and Feefo) acting as data processors who provide IT and system administration services including analytical data reporting, to provide targeted advertising/content to you on their platforms and to seek feedback from you on the services we have provided
The relevant holiday accommodation provider for the holiday you have booked through any of our websites
Our professional advisers, including lawyers, bankers, auditors, accountants and insurers who provide legal, banking, finance, accountancy, insurance and consultancy services
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or assets.  Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them.  If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way set out in this privacy policy
[Some of those third party recipients may be based outside the European Economic Area — for further information including on how we safeguard your personal data when this occurs, see ‘Transfer of your information out of the EEA’].
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
We will share personal information with law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.
We will not share your personal information with any other third party.
4. How Long Your Personal Information Will Be Kept
Unless you have consented to us using your details for marketing purposes (in which case we will keep your personal information until you unsubscribe from our mailing list), we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. Unless and until you terminate your user account on any of our websites, we will keep your personal data to enable you to have access to that user account. In addition, we keep a record of your booking (which will include any personal data we have collected from you (save for payment details which are deleted immediately after use)) for 6 years after the holiday which you booked via us has taken place.
5. Transfer of Your Information Out of the EEA
To deliver services to you, it is sometimes necessary for us to share your personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA), e.g.:
with our suppliers located outside the EEA – for example, we may provide your personal details to a supplier based in the USA in order to supply marketing tools to you for the delivery of marketing communications and online services; and
if you are based outside the EEA.
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. We will, however, ensure the transfer complies with data protection law and all personal information will be secure.
6. Your Rights
Under the Data Legislation you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to:
fair processing of information and transparency over how we use your use personal information
access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this privacy notice is already designed to address
require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold
require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations
receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations
object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing
object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you
object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information
otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on the ICO’s website ico.org.uk concerning individuals’ rights under the Data Legislation.
If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please:
email, call or write to us (our contact details are at the bottom of this privacy notice)
let us have enough information to identify you
let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and
let us know the information to which your request relates
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
7. Keeping Your Personal Information Secure
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. Third Party Links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
9. How to Complain
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone: 01275 299081.
10. Changes to This Privacy Notice and Your Duty to Inform Us of Changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on 21/10/2020
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
11. How to Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any questions about this privacy notice or the information we hold about you.
If you wish to contact us, please send an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., write to Unit B, The Old Brewery, Lodway, Pill, Bristol BS20 0DH or call 01275 299081.
Sign inRegister
advertise
developers
|
privacy
©2007-2020: Michael Paul Holidays ltd.