http://www.danes.org.uk/info/privacy.asp
0 items in your cart
HOME
GRANTS
DOGS
HELP US
MEMBERSHIP
SPONSOR A DANE
DONATIONS
MAKE A BEQUEST
DANE CARE
GENERAL CARE
MEDICAL CONDITIONS
BEHAVIOURAL ISSUES
LOVE IS NOT ENOUGH
CONTACT
Privacy Policy
Below we set out our privacy policy which will govern
the way in which we process any personal information that you provide to
us. We will notify you if the way in which we process your information
is to change at any time. Our details are :
Great Dane Adoption Society, Laurels Farmhouse, East Fen
Lane, New Leake, Boston, Lincs PE22 8JQ. Contact: Joy Ledingham Phone
01205 481248 or email information@danes.org.uk
You can access our home page and browse our site without
disclosing your personal data.
Who may process data
Your personal information (which includes your name,
address and any other details you provide to us which concern you as an
individual) may be processed both by us and by other Great Dane Rescue
Societies. Each of the companies authorised to process your information
as mentioned above will do so in accordance with this privacy policy.
Purpose of processing
We will use your information for the purpose of rehoming
our rescued dogs, providing information to you which we think you may
find of interest, and keeping you informed of the activities of the
society. We may share information about adoption or fostering
applications with other rescue organisations.
Disclosure of information
We undertake not to provide your personal information to
third parties save in accordance with this policy. Your information will
not be disclosed to government or local authorities or other government
institutions save as required by law or other binding regulations.
Access to information
You may ask us whether we are storing personal
information about you by emailing us at information@danes.org.uk
and, if you wish and upon payment of a fee of £10, we will provide
you with a copy of the personal data we hold about you by email. We may
ask for proof of your identity before providing any information and
reserve the right to refuse to provide information requested if identity
is not established.
Copyright
All website design, text, graphics, the selection and
arrangement thereof are Copyright © 2006, Great Dane Adoption Society
and 4site Webs, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Liability
The following provisions may be curtailed or disallowed
by the laws of certain jurisdictions. In such case, the terms hereof are
to be read as excluding or limiting such term so as to satisfy such law.
We do not represent or warrant that the information
accessible via this website is accurate, complete or current. We have no
liability whatsoever in respect of any use which you make of such
information.
Whilst we make all reasonable attempts to exclude
viruses from the website, we cannot ensure such exclusion and no
liability is accepted for viruses. Thus, you are recommended to take all
appropriate safeguards before downloading information or images from
this website.
All warranties, express or implied, statutory or
otherwise are hereby excluded.
Neither we nor any of our volunteers or affiliated
entities will be liable for any kind of damages and howsoever arising
including, without limitation, loss of profits, compensatory,
consequential, direct, exemplary, incidental, indirect, punitive or
special, damages or any liability which you may have to a third party,
even if we have been advised of the possibility of such loss.
We are not responsible for the direct or indirect
consequences of you linking to any other website from this website.
Geographic Restriction
This website is intended for use by UK and Eire
residents only and only in relation to their activities within the UK
and Eire.
These terms and this disclaimer and any claim based on
use of information from this website shall be governed by the laws of
England and Wales and for our benefit you agree to submit to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England.
Consent and enquiries
If you have any enquiry or concern about our privacy
policy or the way in which we are handling personal data please contact
Joy Ledingham at information@danes.org.uk.
If at any time you wish us to cease processing your information please
send a message to Joy Ledingham at information@danes.org.uk.
Our sponsors:
GRANTS
ADOPT
HELP US
DANE CARE
CONTACT
INFORMATION
Grant applications
Dogs in Need
Membership
Sponsor a Dane
Donations
Make a bequest
General care
Medical conditions
Behavioural issues
Love is not enough
Contact us
Our charity shop
Privacy policy
Terms of business
Links
Associate member of the Association of Dogs and Cats Homes