http://www.erewash-camra.org/privacy-policy/
1
Home
Business Capital
Careers
Technology
Privacy Policy
Terms
About
Reach Us
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:EWC Finance Inc ("EWC Finance Inc") operates erewash-camra.org and may operate other websites. It is EWC Finance Inc's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, EWC Finance Inc collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. EWC Finance Inc's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how EWC Finance Inc's visitors use its website. From time to time, EWC Finance Inc may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
EWC Finance Inc also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on erewash-camra.org blogs/sites. EWC Finance Inc only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to EWC Finance Inc's websites choose to interact with EWC Finance Inc in ways that require EWC Finance Inc to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that EWC Finance Inc gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at erewash-camra.org to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with EWC Finance Inc are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, EWC Finance Inc collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with EWC Finance Inc. EWC Finance Inc does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
EWC Finance Inc may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. EWC Finance Inc may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, EWC Finance Inc does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
EWC Finance Inc discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on EWC Finance Inc's behalf or to provide services available at EWC Finance Inc's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using EWC Finance Inc's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. EWC Finance Inc will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, EWC Finance Inc discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when EWC Finance Inc believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of EWC Finance Inc, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an EWC Finance Inc website and have supplied your email address, EWC Finance Inc may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with EWC Finance Inc and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. EWC Finance Inc takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. EWC Finance Inc uses cookies to help EWC Finance Inc identify and track visitors, their usage of EWC Finance Inc website, and their website access preferences. EWC Finance Inc visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using EWC Finance Inc's websites, with the drawback that certain features of EWC Finance Inc's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If EWC Finance Inc, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that EWC Finance Inc goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of EWC Finance Inc may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by EWC Finance Inc and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, EWC Finance Inc may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in EWC Finance Inc's sole discretion. EWC Finance Inc encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a erewash-camra.org account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Facebook Like Box
Facebook
Our Friends
Recent Posts
Why Taxpayers Are Most Likely to Cash Advance Their Tax Refunds
Reasons to get the Point-of-Sale System
Modern Taxi
Tips for choosing a good cash card
Bitcoin Mining in Singapore
What is a Merchant Cash Advance
Common Money Management Mistakes to Avoid
Great Informative Video
Partners
Watch This Video
Tagsbilling
bitcoin
Business
Business Loans
buy
car repair
Cash back cards
CFO
Chief Financial Officer
Credit Cards
credit ratings
Debit Cards
Finance
Finance Mistakes
home services
Ideas
late rent
loan qualification
Loans
MCA
Merchant Loans
Mining
mobile pos
pos system
safety
taxi
utilities
Advertisement