https://www.garyfarrellwinery.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Legacy
Land
Wines
Club
Experiences
News
Trade & Media
Find Wines
Make an Appointment
Contact
Privacy
This Site is made available by Gary Farrell Vineyards & Winery, 10701 Westside Road, Healdsburg, CA 95448, USA, referred to in this statement as “we” or “us.” The Site is hosted for us by Net 10 Internet Services Inc., 1431 Fulton Road Santa Rosa, CA 95403, USA. We are committed to protecting your privacy and this statement summarizes what personal details we may collect from you before, during or after you use our Site and what we will do with them. This Privacy Policy is effective the 7th of January 2013 and any changes to it will be posted on this page.
Personal Information You may be required to verify that you are of legal age to consume alcoholic beverages in the country from which you are accessing the Site. We use this information to prevent minors from purchasing alcohol from our Site. During your visit to our Site, we will only collect personal information that you choose to provide, if for example you: contact us with an inquiry; register on the Site; enter a competition; request us to provide you with further information; post information to a public area of the Site; take advantage of a promotion or purchase a product. You can choose to have further information sent to you about products or events by opting-in on the mailing list page where you submit your personal information, or when you make a purchase from our online store. We will collect from you general contact information (such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone numbers) as well as demographic information (such as gender and zip code, income, credit card and other payment information), information about your product preferences (such as specific wines and vintages in which you have interest or that you purchase), and the like. We may disclose this information to our corporate affiliates, agents, website operators, and companies that handle order fulfillment on our behalf, as well as law enforcement authorities. Date of birth information requested on our Site is not stored on our servers, and is used only to validate that you are of legal drinking age to legally purchase from our Site. We may also use your information to enhance your visit to our Site and to create a general demographic profile of visitors. However, once your session ends (approximately 20 minutes after leaving the Site or upon closing all instances of your web browser), the data will only be used in a collated form and we will not be able to identify you personally from such data. We will endeavor to ensure that the personal information you submit to us is kept private and secure. We will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose the personal information you provide to us through the Site to third parties (other than our sister, parent, subsidiary or associated companies) unless we are required to do so by law. If you wish us to remove your personal details from our marketing database at any time, please email us at crew@garyfarrellwinery.com. Some information pertaining to online purchases may remain in our offline databases as a record of the transaction. We may contract with third party marketing companies to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. They may collect non-personal information about your visits to our Site, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use non-personal information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services. These targeted advertisements may appear on other websites that you visit. The anonymous information is collected through the use of technology such as Cookies and Web Beacons, which are industry standard. No Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) is collected in this process. We may share your PII and non-personal information, including your name, address, email address and any transactions you conduct on our Site or offline with us with a third party advertising partner and its service providers in order to deliver tailored advertising to you that match your interests when you visit our Site as well as other websites. Our advertising partner will make the data that we provide anonymous so that no one else will receive your PII. You may opt-out of the use of your information for tailored advertising purposes. To learn more about the use of this information or to choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partner by opting out, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here. If you delete your Cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
Sale and transfer In the event of a sale, transfer, merger, change of control, consolidation, reorganization or liquidation of Gary Farrell Vineyards &Winery, we may sell, transfer or assign to third parties information you have provided to us including, but not limited to, personally identifiable information and other information concerning your relationship with us.
Public areas Any information you post on the public areas of the Site (e.g. chat rooms, bulletin boards) are accessible to and used by others, and may result in unsolicited messages or contact from others. You are advised to use caution when posting personal information about yourself in public areas of this Site.
Cookies We may use “cookies” to help us recognize you on any return visits you make to our Site and to make any registration or other procedures easier for you. Cookies are small pieces of information, which will be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. The cookies used by us will not give us any personal details about you. If you do not wish cookies to be stored on your browser, refer to the browser’s relevant help menu looking under cookies, privacy or security. For more information on cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org
No data collected from children Our Site is not directed at children and should not be accessed by persons who do not verify that they are of legal drinking age. As a result, we will not knowingly collect information from minors with or without consent from their parents or guardian. We may also occasionally transfer the information you supply to our affiliates inside and outside the USA. Any such transfer of personal information will be in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Review and correction of information If you are concerned that the personal information we keep about you is incorrect, please contact us at crew@garyfarrellwinery.com and we will update or remove it accordingly. We may continue to retain your information due to technical and legal requirements, constraints related to security, integrity and operation of our Site or to resolve disputes.
Subject to the Terms of Use This Privacy Policy is subject to the Terms of Use for our website, a copy of which can be found below.
Terms of Use
This Site is made available by Gary Farrell Vineyards & Winery, 10701 Westside Road, Healdsburg, CA 95448, USA, referred to in this statement as “we” or “us.” The Site is hosted for us by Net 10 Internet Services Inc., 1431 Fulton Road Santa Rosa, CA 95403, USA. The purpose of this section is to describe the conditions (the “Terms”) that apply to your access to and use of our Site. If you visit us at this Site, then you agree to abide by these Terms and understand that these Terms apply to you in the same way as any signed, written contract. The following points may help you to understand the legal environment in which we operate: Legal Drinking Age To use this Site you must be of legal drinking age in your state or country – if you are not, please exit this Site immediately. We look forward to informing you about Gary Farrell Winery wines at an appropriate time in the future. If you are of legal age, our products should be enjoyed and consumed responsibly. WARNING: Drinking distilled spirits, beer, coolers, wine and other alcoholic beverages may increase cancer risk, and, during pregnancy, can cause birth defects. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov/alcohol.Restricted Territories In some places in the world it is not permissible for citizens to visit a Site like ours due to local laws restricting the sale and/or promotion of alcoholic beverages. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your home territory or country. If you are visiting this Site from a place where restrictions apply, then you should exit this Site now. If you are unsure about the law then we suggest that you exit now and check your legal position before continuing. Privacy It is important that you understand the way in which we will use the information we hold about you. Our Privacy Policy will provide you with further details. Rights All of the material you see on this Site is owned by us or used by us with the consent of the owner. We are very happy for you to visit this Site and to print copies of material on it for your personal, non-commercial use, but all other copying is prohibited and all other rights are reserved. Trademarks The words Gary Farrell Winery ® are trademarks belonging to Gary Farrell Vineyards &Winery, and are registered under the laws of many different countries. We also own the other logos and creative materials that you will see on our product pack and on this Site (except where otherwise indicated). We (and the other owners of materials used on this Site) are proud of these precious assets and make every effort to protect them. Any use or reproduction of these trademarks without the express prior written consent of the Company is prohibited. No Warranties We provide this Site “as is”. We have taken care in preparing materials for the Site but we cannot guarantee, for example, that: * It will always be available for you to visit/use in the current format;* Software downloaded from the Site will be compatible with your equipment or free from viruses or other defects;* All materials will be accurate or complete. Our Liability To the fullest extent possible at law we (and all of our sister, parent and subsidiary companies, and our respective officers, directors, employees, and agents) exclude all liability for any loss or damage (including direct, indirect, economic or consequential loss or damage) suffered by you as a result of any visit to or use of this Site or of any materials provided on it or downloaded from it, as well as your inability to use this Site or any error in the provision of this Site, any computer virus or other executable code that you may download, and any other defect that is transmitted through this Site, whether such loss or damage arises from our negligence or otherwise, and even if we are expressly informed of the possibility of such loss or damage.
Materials Submitted By You You must take care with the posting of materials to our Site. We cannot treat these materials confidentially and similarly we will be free to use and to disclose these materials – whether they are ideas, creative concepts or other materials, without payment of any sum or acknowledgement of you as their source. We cannot accept any liability for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of use or disclosure of such materials by us. This paragraph does not affect any rights you may have under data protection or similar laws, to the extent that such rights cannot be excluded or limited by us. Please see our privacy statement for further details.
Links to Other Sites Links to third party sites on this Site are provided solely for your convenience. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. These Terms and our Privacy Policy do not apply to any website that you reach by using these links or otherwise leaving our Site (whether or not they are to a website operated by a third party or by one a company operated by one of our affiliates or parent). We have not reviewed all of these other websites and we do not control and are not responsible for those websites or the content on those websites. We therefore do not endorse or make any representations about them or any material found there, or the websites that they, in turn might link to, and/or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the websites linked to this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to other terms and conditions, including other privacy policies.
Linking this Site If you would like to link to this Site you may only do so on the basis that you link to, but do not replicate, only the home page of this Site (at garyfarrellwinery.com and not to any other page of this Site), and subject to each of the following conditions: 1. You do not remove, distort or otherwise alter the size or appearance of the Gary Farrell Winery ® logo;2. You do not create a frame or any other browser or border environment around this Site;3. You do not in any way state, imply, or otherwise suggest in any manner that the Company is endorsing any products or services other than its own;4. You do not state, imply, or otherwise misrepresent your relationship with the Company, nor present any other false information about the Company;5. You do not otherwise use any Gary Farrell Winery ® trademarks displayed on this Site without written permission of the Company;6. You do not link from a website that is not owned by you; and7. Your website does not contain content that is distasteful, offensive or controversial, contains any explicit or depicted sexual content, contains any reference to the abuse of wine, spirits, or other alcoholic beverages, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person, or otherwise does not comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
Other Legal Notices There are other legal notices on areas of this Site which relate to your use of specific areas. Those notices are incorporated by reference into these Terms.
Changes to these Terms We may amend these Terms from time to time. We will post changes to these Terms on this Site, which you can access at any time by clicking on Privacy & Terms.
Law and Jurisdiction These Terms and any matter relating to this Site (including but not limited to our privacy policy) will be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, United States (but without applying California choice of law rules) and the courts of California (both state and federal, as appropriate in the circumstances) shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any dispute or controversy involving your use of this Site, our privacy policy, and/or your purchase of our products.
Become a Member of the Grand Crew
Learn More