http://www.americancruiselines.com/general-information/privacy-policy
Home
General Information
Privacy Policy
American Cruise Lines Privacy PolicyEffective Date: May 25,2018California residents please click here.This website is owned and operated by American Cruise Lines (“American”). American values your trust and is committed to protecting the information that you share with us over the Internet.This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how we collect, protect, use and share information gathered about you via our website www.americancruiselines.com, interactive
features, applications, widgets, blogs, social networks and social network “tabs” and other online or wireless offerings that post a link to this website, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology (together,
the “Website”). Please read this Policy before using the Website or submitting any personal information. By using the Website, you explicitly agree to the practices described in this Policy in effect at the time of your use.American reserves the right to change this Policy at any time without notice by posting an updated Policy along with the effective date on the Website. Changes to this Policy will only apply to activities and information collected after the date
the updated Policy is posted. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this Policy means you accept those changes. You are encouraged to review this privacy policy whenever you visit the Website to make sure that
you understand how any personal information you provide to us will be used.By viewing or otherwise using the Website you consent to the collection and use of information from or about you as explained in this Policy. If you do not consent to the collection and use of information from or about you in accordance with this
Policy, then you may not use the Website.What Information Do We Collect?We collect personal information that can be used to identify you such as name, postal addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, payment card information, passport or driver’s license number,
and any other information that you voluntarily provide to us when you visit our Website and request a brochure, book a cruise, or interact with the Website.We also collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you when you visit or use our Website. We gather and store aggregate information about visitors. We also use a web analytics service to gather and store aggregate information
about visitors. This web analytics service uses cookies to help it analyze how users use and approach the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (which may include your IP address) will be transmitted
and stored by the web analytics service.We may supplement information collected about you with publicly available information, including phone numbers, or information provided by a third party business partner to help us develop or improve our services and your cruise experience.How Do We Use Information Collected?We use information that we collect about you to fulfill your specific request, provide you with services, send you information that we believe may be of interest to you, and to manage our business.
For example, we use the personally identifiable information collected from you to provide our cruise ship services and to effectively engage in marketing, advertising, and commercial activities. We use the credit card and/or other financial
information that you provide us to fulfill your order or request.If you book a cruise with American, we will collect your contact information including your phone number, email address, and credit card information (cardholder name, card number, expiration date, and security code), and information about
the person receiving the product or service purchased. American takes reasonable precautions in order to attempt to ensure the safety and security of our customer’s online transactions. The credit card and financial information that
you enter on our billing webpage is encrypted and transmitted through Transport Layer Security (TLS 1.2), also known as HTTPS. TLS 1.2 is an industry standard protocol for encryption over the Internet.On our Website, a web analytics service provides anonymous demographic information in the aggregate that American uses to advertise, market, and improve the design of the Website.Do We Disclose Information to Third Parties?Personally identifiable information as well as non-personally identifiable information may be provided to our affiliates and third parties in certain circumstances. We may also share
personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information with our business partners to provide our services, honor requests, for advertising and marketing purposes, for market and industry research purposes, and
for other reasons. American may also release any data in order to comply with any legal process, including requests from law enforcement and government agencies, such as the Department of Homeland Security, to enforce the Website Terms
of Use and other agreements, and to protect customers and others. American may do so when it believes in good faith that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including, for instance, to identify, contact, or
bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of American, another user or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.American may share personally identifiable information with governmental agencies or companies assisting us in fraud prevention, investigation or any other purpose. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect
against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place.American may transfer any information in its databases, including but not limited to personally identifiable information as part of a transfer of business assets.Third Party LinksThe practices set forth in this Policy are for this website only. The Website may provide links to websites operated by third-parties using different privacy policies. If you link/connect to other websites, please
review the privacy policies posted at those websites, as we have no control over the information you may submit to those third parties.Cookie/Tracking TechnologyThis website uses various methods of information gathering such as cookies, pixel tags, and other tracking technology. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters placed
on your devices that uniquely identify your browser and let us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Website. Cookies and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type, operating
system, average time spent on the website, the number of visitors to the website, and understanding how visitors use the website. Cookies can also help us customize the website for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via
cookies and other tracking technology. If, however, you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties (such
as marketers, ad-server companies, and advertisers), which does not include data personally identifying visitors to our site.If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (1) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (2) disable existing cookies; or (3) set
your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing so may negatively impact you experience using the Website. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies.Commitment to Data SecuritySecurity of your personally identifiable information is extremely important to us. American employs reasonable physical, administrative, and technical security measures designed to prevent unauthorized
access to your personal information collected and used by American.While American strives to protect personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk. Data transmission over the internet is never completely secure.If You Are Located in the European UnionYou have certain additional rights regarding your personal data, subject to local European Union data protection laws. If you would like to discuss or exercise these rights, please contact
us at the details below.Notice to California ResidentsCalifornia residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (1) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name,
e-mail, and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding year for the third parties’
direct marking purposes and (2) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us by email at dataprivacy@americancruiselines.com.
We will respond to such requests for information access within 45 days following receipt of the email or mailing address stated above. Please note that we are only required to respond to each customer once per calendar year.California law also requires that we disclose whether we honor “Do Not Track” settings in your browser concerning targeted advertising. We do not currently alter our practices when a Do Not Track signal is received.Child PrivacyThis Website is not targeted at, nor do we knowingly collect information from, children under the age of 16, except as guests named in a booking. If we have reason to believe that information is being provided by
a person under the age of 16, we will not collect the information. If you have reason to believe that we have information from someone under the age of 16, please contact us at info@americancruiselines.com.
How Do I Opt-Out or Unsubscribe?All emails and newsletters from American allow you to opt out of further mailings at any time. You may do so in two ways: (1) when you initially provide your personally identifiable information
you can not authorize American to include you on its mailing list for promotions and future emails; and (2) you may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in any email from American. Please allow up to two weeks to be unsubscribed
from all emails from American. Privacy Contact InformationIf you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:American Cruise Lines741 Boston Post Road, Suite 200Guilford, CT 064371-800-460-4518info@americancruiselines.com*Cruise specialists are available to take your calls at 1.800.460.45188:30am to 8:30pm Eastern Time (5:30pm Pacific Time)
Call Us
Special Offers
Free Guide