http://www.admiralnelsonsrum.com/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us
We understand that your privacy is important to you. Your privacy is also very important to us. We understand that you may be apprehensive to provide any personal information to any website because you are concerned about someone misusing your information or being inconvenienced by unwanted solicitations, emails or spam. We here at Admiral Nelson’s Rum respect your privacy.
Below you will find answers to frequently asked questions regarding our privacy policy.
What information does admiralnelsonsrum.com collect from me?
We do not collect any information about you specifically that you don’t know about. We only collect information about you specifically by providing fields and forms on our website that you would have to manually type into in order to share, for example, your name, address, or e-mail address. Additionally, any information you do provide us with is stored on a secure server that is only accessible to us.
How does admiralnelsonsrum.com use the information it collects?
In the event that you have signed up to receive updates like product announcements or event details, we’ll use only the information you provided to us, such as your e-mail address. And, we will always provide you with an option to stop receiving updates as part of every communication we send you.
Will admiralnelsonsrum.com share my information with anyone else?
Absolutely not. We will never sell, trade, or rent your personal information.
Does admiralnelsonsrum.com use cookies?
Yes. The cookie is triggered by your visit to our website. Once you enter your personal information into any form on the Admiral Nelson’s Rum site, such as when you chose “remember me” on the age verification page, what you typed is cached on your computer. As a convenience, next time you fill in a field or form it may automatically begin to fill with information as you begin to type.
Cookies are also used to track your movements within admiralnelsonsrum.com. This information helps us evaluate what types of content might be of interest to you and other visitors. This information may also be used to serve you ads about our product through our advertising partners.
If you do not visit our site frequently, the cookie will expire over time and remove itself from your computer. However, if you prefer, you can set your browser to delete and/or refuse cookies. By doing that, you will not be able to access our website. Please refer to your browser’s manual for more information.
We respect your privacy and appreciate your trust. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please write to info@admiralnelsonsrum.com.
Taste Your Happy Place
Order Now
Where to Buy
Taste Your Happy Place
Order Now
Where to Buy