http://www.sovereignsailing.com/privacy/
Privacy PolicyWe are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such. Some technical terms used in this statement are explained at the end of this page.General statement Sovereign Sailing fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect or publish any personal information about you through this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to the Society will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 – 2018.Collection and use of personal information Sovereign Sailing does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by e-mailing us, by using our online feedback form or by making a credit card booking). Any information which you provide in this is used by Sovereign Sailing only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.Sovereign Sailing will not pass, transfer, transmit, or share on any of your personal details to any third party with the exception of parties listed under section Third Parties We Use or as required by a court of law. We will never sell your personal details to any third party of any kind.By making a booking with the school you may choose to be added to our mailing list to receive latest news and offers. You will have the opportunity to opt out of these mailings by clicking the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of any marketing e-mail from us.Third Parties We UseIn order to fulfill services rendered by Sovereign Sailing, we may transfer some information about you to the following third parties.EntityPurposeData we sendRoyal Yachting Association/Irish Sailing AssociationGranting of any certificates earned during a courseFull name, the name of the course you completed, and course completion dateSendinblueManage e-mail marketing campaignsFull name, e-mail, order number, order date, order total, and type of product/service purchasedAkismetTo filtering potential spam on comments submitted on blog postsComment submitted Data RetentionWe retain personal information for only as long as we need it to provide the services you or your gift card purchaser has requested, for our own administration and internal purposes, and for any periods that are mandated by law, after which, we take steps to delete or anonymize the information.Data Storage and TransferAll data collected via our website is stored securely on servers hosted by Siteground.com, our professional web-hosting company. All data is transmitted electronically and securely via SHA-256 encryption SSL certificates.We do not store any customer passwords or credit card information of any kind.Data RequestsYou have the permanent right to access and rectify all the information that concerns you, in accordance with the Data Protection Acts 1988 to 2018. You can at any time make a request to Sovereign Sailing to find out what personal information we hold concerning you or request that your data is removed from our servers.To make this request, please refer to our Contact Us page.Collection and use of technical information This website uses temporary “session” cookies which enable a visitor’s web browser to remember which pages on this website have already been visited. Visitors can use this website with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser. Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by our internet service provider for our statistical purposes. No information is collected that could be used by us to personally identify website visitors. The technical details logged are confined to the following items:the IP address of the visitor’s web serverthe top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)the previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms usedGoogle analytics which shows the traffic of visitors around this website (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded)the type of web browser and operating system used by the website visitor.Sovereign Sailing will make no attempt to identify individual visitors or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual. It is the policy of Sovereign Sailing to never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard) unless obliged to disclose such information by law. The technical information will be used only by Sovereign Sailing, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute “personal data” for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts, 1988 – 2003.CommunicationsSovereign Sailing provides you with the opportunity to receive occasional email newsletters from us containing marketing or promotional materials. You can sign up for this newsletter as well as unsubscribe from this at any time.Email communications that you send to us via the contact and email links on our site may be shared with any member of our team and will be directed to the person most able to address your message. We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received. Once we have responded to your communication, it is discarded or archived, depending on the nature of the message.You may decide at some point that you no longer wish to receive communications from our site. To stop receiving communications, please click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.Please note, that we may use your email address at any time to deliver updates or information relating to any orders or bookings you’ve made on our website.Complaints about data processed via the websiteIf you are concerned about how personal data is processed via this website, please do not hesitate to bring such concerns to Sovereign Sailing by contacting us using the appropriate details on our Contact Us page.Third Party Websites This privacy policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website to which this website contains a link. The inclusion of a link on the website does not imply endorsement of the linked website by us.Additionally, we may provide you with access to third-party functionality that permits you to post content to your social media account(s). Please note that any information that you provide through use of this functionality is governed by the applicable third party’s privacy policy, and not by this privacy policy, and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.CookiesCookies record certain information stored on your hard drive. This information enables us to generate statistics based on data from visitors to our site and suggest products that might interest you according to the items that you selected when you previously visited the site. Our cookies do not contain any confidential information about you. The cookies we use on our website include:Functional (required)Pinpoint booking (cookie name starts with “DOPBSP” or “pinpoint”)GDPR compliance (cookie name “catAccCookies” and “cookie_notice_accepted”)Miscellaneous cookies used to store your current sessionMarketingFacebook (customer ad targeting)AnalyticsGoogle Analytics (anonymous tracking of website usage statistics)Glossary of technical terms used Web browser: The piece of software you use to read web pages. Examples are Google Chrome, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, and Opera.IP address: The identifying details for your computer, or your internet company’s computer, expressed in “internet protocol” code (for example 192.168.72.34). Every computer connected to the web has a unique IP address, although the address may not be the same every time a connection is made.Cookies: Small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer by a website. Cookies can be read by the website on your subsequent visits. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page, or a unique identification number so that the website can “remember” you on your return visit. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have furnished such information to the website.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that's okay.OkPrivacy policy