http://www.grandclassroom.com/privacy-policy
Account
Find My Trip/Register
Info Request
Donate
Advisory
Home
Where We Go
Back
National Parks
Back
Grand Canyon
Florida Everglades and Keys
Yellowstone and Grand Teton
Bryce Canyon and Zion NP
Havasupai
Yosemite
Alaska
Hawaii
Acadia
Smoky Mountains
Pacific Northwest
Big Bend National Park
Arizona In-State Grand Canyon
International
Back
Costa Rica
Galapagos Islands
Puerto Rico
Belize
Iceland
Europe
Historic Cities
Back
Washington, D.C.
New York City
Boston
San Francisco
Thanksgiving Break Trips
Boarding Students
Teachers
Students
Back
Register
Parents
Back
Register
My Account
Terms
and Conditions
About Us
Back
Staff
Contact Us
Educational Resources
Back
Yellowstone
Grand Canyon
Grand Classroom Blog & Newsletter
My Account
Register
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy of Grand Classroom and will be referred to as “We”, “our” and “us” in this Internet Privacy Policy. By using this site, you agree to the Internet Privacy Policy of this web site (“the web site”), which is set out on this web site page.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify or remove portions of this Internet Privacy Policy at any time. This Internet Privacy Policy is in addition to any other terms and conditions applicable to the web site. We do not make any representations about third party web sites that may be linked to the web site.
We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of information collected about visitors to our web site, in particular information that is capable of identifying an individual (“personal information”). This Internet Privacy Policy governs the manner in which your personal information, obtained through the web site, will be dealt with.
This Internet Privacy Policy should be reviewed periodically so that you are updated on any changes. We welcome your comments and feedback.
Personal Information
Personal information about visitors to our site is collected or stored only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted. For example, we may need to collect such information to provide you with further services or to answer or forward any requests or enquiries. It is our intention that this policy will protect your personal information from being dealt with in any way that is inconsistent with applicable privacy laws.
Use of Information
Personal information that visitors submit to our site is used only for the purpose for which it is submitted or for such other secondary purposes that are related to the primary purpose, unless we disclose other uses in this Internet Privacy Policy or at the time of collection. Copies of correspondence sent from the web site, that may contain personal information, are stored as archives for record-keeping and back-up purposes only. Information such as email addresses or any other personal information is never sold, traded or given away.
Links to other sites
We provide links to Web sites outside of our web sites, as well as to third party Web sites. The content of these linked sites are not under our control, and we cannot accept responsibility for the conduct of companies linked from our website.
Problems or questions
If we become aware of any ongoing concerns or problems with our web sites, we will take these issues seriously and work to address these concerns. If you have any further queries relating to our Privacy Policy, or you have a problem or complaint, please contact us.
Designed by
Flying Dog Media
Copyright ©
2020
Grand Classroom. All rights reserved.
×
Advisory: We're committed to providing safe travel for you and your students. Check out our blog for more information on how we're working to keep you protected. Call, e-mail, or chat today to work with us on a trip in the future so your students have something to look forward to!