http://www.hw-scouts.org.uk/privacy.asp
http://www.hw-scouts.org.uk/
High Wycombe District Scouts
December 11, 2020
Home |
District Diary |
Groups |
Gang Show |
Resources |
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
High Wycombe District Scouts treats your privacy with the utmost importance. We, therefore, feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of information on our website.
This privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to us by email.
Via Gang Show Bookings
To process your booking, we require your name, address, phone number, email address (so that we may send you your booking confirmation). We do not request or retain your credit card information, this is handled by our online card processing company NoChex. We use this information to process your booking and, if any questions should arise, to contact you about your booking. In general, we will try to contact you first by email and only if that fails, or if time is critical, will we try to contact you by phone. We share this information with, and only that information which is absolutely necessary, with those third parties that are involved in the processing of your booking. You will not receive any promotional material from us unless you have asked to be added to our mailing list.
Via Email
Should you decide to contact us via email, we will use your email address solely to send you a reply.
Sharing of Information
Aside from the previously mentioned third parties involved in the processing of your order, we do not, and will not share your personally identifiable information with any other entities. We will NEVER rent, sell or otherwise give your name to any other company or individual.
External Links
We may include links to other sites and if you decide to follow those links, we can't be responsible for the privacy policies and content of those sites. Generally, we will let you know when a link goes to another site, and an external link will always open a new window on your browser.
Copyright 2000-2020 ©
High Wycombe District Scout Council.
district.office [at] hw-scouts.org.uk
|
Feedback
| Privacy