http://www.gatewaynmra.org/gateway-nmra-legal-notices/
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Site Map
Your Gateway to Model Railroading Fun
— Main Menu —Home
Blog
Events - St. Louis Train Show
Article Library - Layout Construction - - Gateway Project Railroads
- - Small Model Railroads
- - Freight Yards
- - Design and Construction
- - Trackwork
- Setting the Scene - - Buildings and Structures
- - Scenery
- - Backgrounds
- - Model Vehicles
- - Painting and Finishing
- - Scenery Downloads
- Making It Run - - Model Railroad Operations
- - Engines and Locomotives
- - Rolling Stock
- - Digital Command Control
- - Electrical and Electronics
- Help and Resources - - General Interest
- - NMRA Achievement
- - Gateway NMRA RPO
- - Using Computers
- - Model Photography
- - Helpful Web Links
- Layout Photo Galleries
- Model Railroading 101
- Model Contests
- Prototype Railroading
- Model Railroad Videos
Layouts - Gateway Project Railroads
- St. Louis Model Railroads - - Model Railroad Layouts (A-B)
- - Model Railroad Layouts (C-J)
- - Model Railroad Layouts (K-O)
- - Model Railroad Layouts (P-S)
- - Model Railroad Layouts (S-Z)
- - Greater St. Louis Area Model Railroad Clubs
- Layout Photo Tours
Downloads
Home
Blog
Events
St. Louis Train Show
Article Library
Layout Construction
Gateway Project Railroads
Small Model Railroads
Freight Yards
Design and Construction
Trackwork
Setting the Scene
Buildings and Structures
Scenery
Backgrounds
Model Vehicles
Painting and Finishing
Scenery Downloads
Making It Run
Model Railroad Operations
Engines and Locomotives
Rolling Stock
Digital Command Control
Electrical and Electronics
Help and Resources
General Interest
NMRA Achievement
Gateway NMRA RPO
Using Computers
Model Photography
Helpful Web Links
Layout Photo Galleries
Model Railroading 101
Model Contests
Prototype Railroading
Model Railroad Videos
Layouts
Gateway Project Railroads
St. Louis Model Railroads
Model Railroad Layouts (A-B)
Model Railroad Layouts (C-J)
Model Railroad Layouts (K-O)
Model Railroad Layouts (P-S)
Model Railroad Layouts (S-Z)
Greater St. Louis Area Model Railroad Clubs
Layout Photo Tours
Downloads
Gateway NMRA Legal NoticesThe copyrights of the photographs, original graphic images and other original materials and content on this web site are the property of the individual photographers, authors, and/or artists, or the Gateway Division NMRA, a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit educational organization incorporated in the State of Missouri and serving model railroaders and the general public in the Greater Saint Louis Area including Saint Louis City and County, Saint Charles and Jefferson counties in Missouri, and southern Illinois, unless otherwise noted.
You may download, reprint, reproduce and share the images and information for non-commercial, private purposes. However, you may not manipulate or alter them in any way or use them for commercial purposes or for commercial gain.
Some images and track plans are copyrighted by individuals who have given the Gateway Division authorization to reproduce them on this website, those individuals may reserve all commercial rights for those items (and will be noted as such on the webpage with the image or track plan).
Some images, information, products and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners and should be treated accordingly.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Blog and Article Comments Policy
All comments are subject to moderation.
Comment Form Guidelines: The comment form must be filled in with a proper or legitimate sounding name and email address. Comments using keywords, spam or splog-like URLs, or suspicious information in the comment form, will be edited or deleted.
Email Privacy: Email addresses are required for commenting, and they are not published on the blog, nor shared. They may be used by the blog owner, administrator or author to privately contact the commenter.
Language and Manners: This blog is “family friendly” and comments which include offensive or inappropriate language or topics, or are considered by the blog owner, author or administrator to be rude and offensive, will be edited or deleted.
A Comment is Conversation: A comment which does not add to the conversation, runs off on an inappropriate tangent, or kills the conversation may be edited or deleted.
Limit Links: This blog is setup to automatically hold any blog comment with links in moderation, which may delay your comment from appearing on this blog. Off-topic or excessive links may be deleted.
No Personal Attack Comments Permitted: In the interest of fair play, no personal attacks are permitted in this blog’s comments. You may question or argue the content, but not attack the author, administrator or blog owner, nor any other commenters. Failure to respect fellow participants on this blog could result in removal and blocked access.
Comment Spam: Any comment assumed to be possible comment spam will be deleted and marked as comment spam.
Commenters Blocked: Anyone who violates this Comments Policy may be blocked from future access and/or commenting on this blog.
Commenter Privacy and Protection: All email, snail mail, phone numbers, and any private and personal information posted in any comment will be deleted as soon as possible to protect the privacy of the commenter. To prevent such editing, never share this private information within the blog comment.
All Rights Reserved: The blog owner, administrator, contributor, editor, and/or author reserve the right to edit, delete, move, or mark as spam any and all comments. They also have the right to block access to any one or group from commenting or from the entire blog.
Hold Harmless: All comments within this blog are the responsibility of the commenter, not the blog owner, administrator, contributor, editor, or author. By submitting a comment on our blog, you agree that the comment content is your own, and to hold this site, the Gateway Divison NMRA, and all subsidiaries and representatives harmless from any and all repercussions, damages, or liability.
Trackbacks Are Comments: All trackbacks will be treated inline with our Comments Policy.
What To Do If Your Comment Does Not Appear: If you leave a comment on this blog and it does not appear in a reasonable time period, and you know that it does not violate the Comments Policy, contact the Gateway NMRA (policy@gatewaynmra.org).
Terms and Conditions of Use
Information Surety. While the Gateway Division NMRA works hard to ensure that the information and materials provided on this Internet website are accurate and complete, it is possible that the information may change prior to this site being updated, and/or that errors or omissions may occur. We welcome your suggestions on how to improve this website and correct errors.
Please use the information on this website based on your own evaluation and analysis of any risks. It is your responsibility to ensure that the information you use is accurate and appropriate to your use. The Gateway Division NMRA assumes no responsibility for consequences resulting from the use of the information included on this Internet site or from the use of information obtained at linked Internet addresses.
Disclaimer of Endorsement. Reference to specific commercial businesses, products, processes, or services by trade name, trademark, manufacturer or otherwise, on any website administered by the Gateway Division NMRA does not imply its endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the Gateway Division NMRA.
Links to other Internet sites. We may provide links from its web pages to external web sites because these sites provide information that may interest our website visitors. These links are provided as a convenience only. The Gateway Division does not endorse, approve, certify, or control these external sites and does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing of information located at such addresses. Use of any information obtained from such external addresses is voluntary, and reliance on it should be undertaken after an independent review of its accuracy, completeness, efficacy and timeliness.
Liability. Because we do not know how you are using information found on our web site, the Gateway Division NMRA does not make any express or implied warranties about the information contained in this web site for your particular use. The Gateway Division NMRA disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on information found on its web sites to the full extent provided by state and Federal law.
All information on this website is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Because certain jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion of certain warranties, these exclusions may not apply to you.
In no event shall the Gateway Division NMRA, its members and officers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages resulting from the use of, or the inability to use, this website. This limitation applies whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or any other basis, even if the Gateway Division NMRA has been advised of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, the Gateway Division NMRA’s liability in such jurisdictions shall be limited to the extent permitted by law.
Changes to this Policy. The Gateway Division NMRA reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating the date the terms were last updated at the bottom of this page. We encourage you to review our terms of use whenever you use this website.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction. The contents of this website are governed by the laws of the State of Missouri, and any claims arising directly or indirectly out of any materials contained on this site are subject to the laws of the State of Missouri.
Severability and Integration. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Gateway Division NMRA with respect to this website and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and the Gateway Division NMRA with respect to this site. If any part of these Terms and Conditions of Use is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.
Find Out MoreAbout the Gateway Division NMRA
Constitution and By-Laws
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Division Meetings, Events and Activities
Model Railroad Article Library
Gateway NMRA Project Railroads
Model Railroad Layouts
Model Railroading Downloads
You are invited to our next division meeting:Gary Hoover Video Layout Tour - Gateway #NMRA Virtual Zoom Meeting Sept. 21, 2020The next monthly meeting of the Gateway Division will be at 7 p.m. on Monday, September 21, 2020 and will be held online as a virtual Zoom meeting.
Gary Hoover will give a video tour of his layout. He models the Norfolk and Western in the mid-1950s. His HO scale layout is 24’x49’, using code 83 rail with a minimum radius of 30” and Digitrax DCC control. The locale is Virginia and West Virginia set in the late fall/early winter.[...]
Recent Articles
Gary Hoover Video Layout Tour - Gateway #NMRA Virtual Zoom Meeting Sept. 21, 2020
Sep 09, 2020
Amazing Arduinos - Gateway #NMRA Virtual Zoom Meeting August 17, 2020
Aug 14, 2020
The Spring 2020 Issue of The RPO is Now Available Online
Jul 12, 2020
Gateway NMRA July 20, 2020 Meeting Has Been Canceled
Jul 07, 2020
Contact Us
Name
Email
Message
Submit
Copyright © 2020 Gateway Division NMRA. All rights reserved. | Website Info | Legal Noticeswww.gatewaynmra.org