http://www.kilchomandistillery.com/privacy-policies/
Menu
Your basket is currently empty.
Your Cart is Empty
Visit the shop
Privacy Policy
June 5, 2018
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
(1) What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
(a) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to the Kilchoman Club (name, address, email, telephone), our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters;
(b) information that you provide to us for the purpose of purchasing products with us (including contact details);
(c) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (browser type, referral source, length of visit, location, number of page views, ip address);
(d) any other information that you choose to send to us.
(2) Cookies
By accessing the Website, you agree that this Cookie Policy will apply whenever you access the Website on any device.
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. We will use the persistent cookies to: enable our website to recognise you when you visit.
Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB&gl=uk
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer, you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
(3) Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
(a) administer the website;
(b) send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;
(c) send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
(d) send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
(e) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
(4) Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose information about you:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
(5) International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Information which you provide may be transferred to countries (including the United States) which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Areas (EEA).
(6) Security of your personal data
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
(7) Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
(8) Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you.
You may instruct us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes by email at any time. (In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal data for marketing purposes.)
(9) Third party websites
The website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
(10) Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
(11) Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us via our Contact Us page
footer
facebook
twitter
instagram
vimeo
Play100% Islay – From Barley to BottlePlayMeet Anthony Wills – Kilchoman FounderPlayMeet Islay Heads – General ManagerPlayMeet Robin Bignal – Production ManagerPlayMeet Jamie Muir – Maltman and StillmanPlayKilchoman core expression – 100% Islay
SEE MORE FROM THE DISTILLERY
we use cookies to enhance your experience on our website Learn More AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
HOME
OUR FARM DISTILLERY
OUR WHISKY
DISTILLERY NEWS
Visiting Kilchoman
RETAILERS & DISTRIBUTORS
THE KILCHOMAN TEAM
Kilchoman Comraich
Whisky Shop
Cask Auction
KILCHOMAN CLUB
CONTACT
facebook
twitter
instagram
vimeo
Close
Club Login
Access exclusive discounts on Kilchoman whisky, club specific whisky releases and competitions
Email Address
Password
Remember me.
Forgot Password?
I want to create an account
Close
Password Reset
Please provide your registered email address in the box below and we will send an email with a link to reset your password.
Close
Close
Online Benifits
Visiting Islay
Close
Shipping
Region 1 Bottle2 Bottles3 BottlesAustralia£29£33£42Austria£26£27£29Belgium£11£13£14Bulgaria£26£28£29Canada (Alberta only for whisky)£25£29£36Croatia£55£60£80Cyprus£24£27£36Czech Republic£26£27£29Denmark£13£15£16Estonia£26£27£29Finland£26£27£29France£13£15£16Germany£13£15£16Greece£23£24£26Hong Kong£32£36£49Hungary£26£27£29Iceland£24£27£36Ireland£13£15£17Isle of Man£10£10£12Italy£20£22£25Japan£30£33£42Korea, Republic of£30£33£42Latvia£26£27£29Lithuania£26£27£29Luxembourg£11£13£14Malaysia£30£33£42Netherlands£11£13£14New Zealand£29£33£42Norway£26£29£38Poland£26£27£29Portugal£22£24£26Singapore£32£36£49Slovak Republic£26£28£29South Africa£44£51£72Spain£21£22£24Sweden£26£27£29Switzerland£26£28£29Taiwan£30£33£42Thailand£30£33£42United Kingdom£6£6£10Slovenia£26£28£29Guernsey£6£6£10Jersey£6£6£10USA* £55£55£105
*Please note with USA orders a 25% tariff is charged at the point of sale due to current USA tariffs on Single Malt Scotch Whisky. States we are able to ship to; Alaska, California, Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Idaho, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, Wyoming.
Last order dates for delivery before Christmas:
UK = 21st December
EU = 17th December
ROW = 11th December