http://www.kiwiexperience.com/terms/terms-and-conditions
2
2
2
2
2
2
--}}
Next available tour departs 11 January 2021
Click here to find out more
ENG
US
CN
DE
SE
NL
FR
ES
ENG
US
DE
SE
NL
FR
CN
ES
My Shopping CartCoronavirus AdvisoryContactCustomer LoginBus Timetable/Pick Up PointsBlogFAQsInfluencers and Media
Hop-On Hop-OffWhy Hop-On Hop-OffHow It WorksNorth & South Island Bus PassesNorth Island Bus PassesSouth Island Bus PassesSnow Bus PassesSmall Group ToursWhat's IncludedNorth & South Island ToursNorth Island ToursSouth Island ToursSnow ToursPrivate Bus ToursDealsAbout UsOur PhilosophyHistory Of Kiwi ExperienceOur Bus Driver GuidesCustomer ReviewsSustainable TravelOur AwardsNew Zealand DestinationsNorth Island Travel GuideSouth Island Travel GuideTravel In New ZealandActivities And ExperiencesBlogOur E-BookTravel InfoFAQsAccommodationWho Travels With UsBus Timetable & DeparturesOnline Brochure
My Shopping CartCoronavirus AdvisoryContactCustomer LoginBus Timetable/Pick Up PointsBlogFAQsInfluencers and Media
Search
ALL
BLOGS
PASSES
SPECIALS
LOCATIONS
Kiwi Experience Booking Terms & Conditions
Terms of Access
Kiwi Experience Booking Terms & Conditions
By purchasing and/or using a Kiwi Experience travel pass you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions. In these terms and conditions references to “you” or “your” mean the purchaser of the travel pass and/or the passenger using the travel pass as the case may be. References to “Kiwi Experience” or “our” mean Tourism Holdings Limited.
Hop-On-Hop-Off Terms & Conditions
Kiwi Experience travel passes (Travel Passes) are valid for travel in one direction for the route stated on the Travel Pass, except with an Unlimited Travel Pass where you can re-travel certain sections (see point 20).
Travel using the Travel Pass must commence within 12 months of the date of purchase unless otherwise stated. Travel Passes are valid for 12 months from the first date of travel, or until you have travelled once over all sections of the Travel Pass, whichever occurs first.
Travel agent vouchers or website E-Tickets are not valid Travel Passes and must be exchanged for a valid Travel Pass before you can travel on a Kiwi Experience service.
Travel Passes which have expired may be extended on the following terms. A Travel Pass can expire either because you did not use it within 12 months of purchase (or such lesser period if stated in the specific terms of purchase) or you have not finished your travels within 12 months from the first date of travel. Extensions must be requested and paid for prior to the expiry date of the Travel Pass. A charge of NZD$50 per month (period) of extension applies to all extensions. Further, if you wish to extend your Travel Pass prior to your first date of travel and the current Travel Pass price is higher at time of extension than the price you paid for your Travel Pass, the difference must also be paid. There are no refunds in the event the Travel Pass price at the time of extension is less than the price you paid for your Travel Pass.
Kiwi Experience assumes no responsibility for lost or stolen Travel Passes. Upon proof of purchase, Kiwi Experience may, at its sole discretion, issue a replacement Travel Pass. An NZD$25 re-issue fee will apply.
Kiwi Experience Travel Passes are non-transferable.
Cancellation policy for Travel Passes: In the event you have purchased a Travel Pass and subsequently wish to cancel it, Kiwi Experience may refund your Travel Pass at its sole discretion, in which event you will be required to pay a cancellation fee as follows: a. where the purchase price of the Travel Pass is less than NZD$200, the cancellation fee shall be equivalent to the price paid for the Travel Pass; b. where the purchase price of the Travel Pass is greater than NZD$200, the cancellation fee is NZD$200. No Travel Pass may be cancelled following the first date of travel.
Travel reservations are recommended on Kiwi Experience services and should be made at least 5 days before departure to give you the best chance of a seat in the summer period (1 January to 30 April), and 2 days before departure to ensure a seat at other times. Changes to reservations must be made at least 24 hours prior to departure. All reservations and changes must be made by contacting our reservations department: Ph: +64 (9) 336 4286 or email: travel@kiwiex.co.nz
No Shows: Should you fail to show for any booked and confirmed departure your Travel Pass will become invalid unless and until an NZD$50 fee is paid to reinstate the Travel Pass.
Kiwi Experience reserves the right to vary any fares, routes, overnight stops, pricing, inclusions, accommodation operators, departure dates, times and locations without notice. Kiwi Experience reserves the right to substitute other vehicles in place of our own. Kiwi Experience product inclusions and advertised accommodation operators are not guaranteed and will be provided where possible.
Kiwi Experience will endeavour to adhere to stated departure and arrival times but will not be liable for any failure to meet those times or for any cancellation or delay of Kiwi Experience services.
Kiwi Experience shall not be liable for any loss or damage of any kind, including indirect or consequential loss or damage, arising directly or indirectly out of a cancellation or abandonment of, or delay to, any trip, however caused.
Kiwi Experience has preferred agreements with accommodation providers however we cannot always guarantee your first choice of accommodation.
Luggage is limited to one piece at 23 kilograms. For additional luggage, charges may apply.
Kiwi Experience reserves the right to refuse to carry any passenger, luggage or goods at its sole discretion.
Kiwi Experience will not be liable for the sickness of, injury to, or death of, any passenger, or the loss of, or damage to, any personal effects, whether caused by Kiwi Experience’s negligence or otherwise. There is no travel insurance cover included in the price of a Travel Pass and Kiwi Experience recommends that you obtain travel insurance to cover any sickness, injury, or loss that may occur while you are travelling with Kiwi Experience.
You agree to indemnify Kiwi Experience against any loss, damage or expense suffered or incurred by Kiwi Experience, its officers, employees, agents or related companies as a result of any claim by any third party whose claim arises from your use of your Travel Pass or your acts or omissions while travelling on any Kiwi Experience service.
Where the services of another operator are provided as part of the Travel Pass it is agreed and understood that Kiwi Experience has no responsibility whatsoever for any default of that operator.
Child fares apply for passengers under 15 years old. Passengers under 18 years must travel with their parent(s), spouse or guardian. There must be at least 1 parent, spouse or guardian for every 2 passengers under 18 years old. Proof of identification and age may be requested and failure to provide such proof may invalidate your Travel Pass.
“Unlimited Travel” is available only on Kiwi Experience National Passes validated as ‘Unlimited Travel’ on the Kiwi Experience pass. Unlimited Travel excludes the Cape, Deep South, Waitomo Wanderer and any other sectors operated by an external supplier to Kiwi Experience. Unlimited Travel is subject to availability with first-time Travel Pass users having priority. Unlimited Travel is valid for 12 months from the date of first validation, as per the standard Kiwi Experience Travel Pass validity. The Unlimited Travel Pass user is entitled to reuse the pass for repeat travel, provided that travel follows the fixed route stipulated on the pass type. Unlimited Travel cannot be used for repeat, back to- back travel on any specific section of the route and the whole route must be completed before repeating any sector. Unlimited Travel Passes are nontransferable and identification must be presented to the driver. Kiwi Experience reserves the right to cancel Unlimited Travel without reason. Failure to adhere to these conditions will result in you being removed from the relevant Kiwi Experience service and being liable to pay for any sectors travelled in breach of these conditions.
Kiwi Experience does not offer the Waitomo sector on routes heading North. No Kiwi Experience Travel Pass that includes the Waitomo sector can exchange the Waitomo sector going Southbound for a trip operated by the Waitomo Wanderer going Northbound.
These terms and conditions are governed by the law of New Zealand and you and Kiwi Experience agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of New Zealand in any dispute. Nothing in these terms and conditions affects your rights under the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993.
Kiwi Experience may, at any time and without notice, vary any of these terms and conditions.
Kiwi Experience will not be liable for breach of, or any failure to perform its obligations under, these terms and conditions where such breach or failure is caused by anything beyond Kiwi Experience’s reasonable control including, but not limited to, war, civil commotion, hostility, act of terrorism, strike, lockout, other industrial act, weather phenomena or other act of God, or governmental regulation or direction.
If any part of these terms and conditions is held to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, they will be deemed to be amended by the addition or deletion of wording necessary to remove the invalid, unenforceable or illegal part, but otherwise to remain unchanged to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law.
ACCOMMODATION PACKS
Kiwi Experiences standard terms and conditions outlined above apply. The below terms are in addition to our standard terms and unique to "Accommodation Packs".
Accommodation Packs can be purchased in conjunction with a "Hop-on, Hop-off"  bus travel pass.
Our “Accommodation Packs” must be used in conjunction with a Kiwi Experience Hop-On Hop-Off bus pass.
Accommodation Packs cannot be purchased as a standalone product.
Please note that Kiwi Experience Accommodation Pack prices may be subject to change at any time and without notice.
Kiwi Experience will endeavour to communicate these changes as soon as possible.
Cardholder rates cannot be applied to accommodation pack rate pricing.
All prices are in NZD$ and include GST
Cancellation fees are $100NZD unless the customer has commenced travel when they become 100% non-refundable
Validity is the same as the pass purchased i.e. 12 months to get to New Zealand, 12 months to use the pass
Based on sharing in a dorm but upgradeable with local availability
Can only be used in conjunction with it's equivalent Kiwi Experience Hop-on, Hop-Off Bus Pass
May be purchased separately from the Bus Pass but cannot be used independently.
Small-Group Tours Terms & Conditions
Your Reservation: once your deposit of 10% has been paid, full payment will need to be paid to Kiwi Experience who will confirm your booking at which point your contract will become valid. Contracts are subject to availability & at our discretion.
Pricing: all fares published supersede all prices previously advertised.
If we cancel or change a Kiwi Experience Small Group Tour Kiwi Experience reserves the right to make changes to their itineraries or cancel any tour, including a guaranteed tour, at any time prior to departure if something beyond the control of Kiwi Experience deems it necessary; including natural disasters, political instability, terrorism, weather, cultural conditions or other external events. Kiwi Experience will inform all booked customers of any changes or cancellations by email or phone. Kiwi Experience holds no responsibility for any incidental expenses that you may have occurred as a result of your booking being cancelled. If the alternative tour chosen is of a lower value than that originally booked then you are entitled to a refund of the price difference. If the difference is higher you must pay the difference
Itineraries are subject to alteration without notice & are intended as a guide only. Kiwi Experience reserves the right to change the itinerary without any notice. Any additional expenses incurred by the passenger is not Kiwi Experience responsibility. Kiwi Experience can give no guarantees as to the exact arrival & departure times for carriers and operators used by Kiwi Experience & will not be liable for the failure of any services or attractions beyond its control.
Liabilities: Kiwi Experience does not accept any liability of whatever nature for the acts, omissions, or default (whether negligent or otherwise) of those properties/suppliers providing services in connection with your reservation pursuant to a contract between them and yourselves and over whom we have no direct and exclusive control. Kiwi Experience, its respective servants, agents and employees shall not be liable for any death, injury, damage, loss, property (including baggage), additional expenses, accident, delay or irregularity, whether in property, person or otherwise resulting directly or indirectly from delay, changes in accommodation, breakdown in equipment or vehicles, weather, strike, sickness, theft, cancellation of or changes in itinerary, or other causes beyond their control. Kiwi Experience reserves the right to alter the price, cancel or withdraw any property, component, service or tour. Kiwi Experience will take all reasonable steps to provide an enjoyable tour, it accepts no liability for any loss of enjoyment experienced by passengers due to circumstances Kiwi Experience deems as beyond its control. Kiwi Experience further accepts no liability for any loss beyond its reasonable control and provides no warranties in addition to those set out under The Fair Trading Act 1986, and nothing herein restricts any passenger from exercising their rights and remedies to pursuant to Law. Your Travel Agent will forward booking confirmations and other payments to Kiwi Experience on your behalf, but your Travel Agent is not our agent for the purpose of receipt of monies. Receipt of booking confirmations and subsequent payments by the Travel Agent does not constitute receipt of those monies by Kiwi Experience and the Travel Agent has no authority expressed or implied to receive monies on our behalf. There is no liability on the part of Kiwi Experience in respect to any monies paid to the passengers Travel Agent unless and until Kiwi Experience notifies the passenger (by way of a booking confirmation advice) that monies have been received by Kiwi Experience. The optional tour excursions are not operated by, or at the direction of, or on behalf of Kiwi Experience, its employees or agents or any other persons or companies associated with Kiwi Experience. All optional activities are an additional cost to the tour price and by taking bookings for these tours, Kiwi Experience acts as the agent for each of the optional activity suppliers. These tours include the services of operators other than Kiwi Experience e.g Hoteliers, Airlines and optional tour excursions, which are not under the direct control of Kiwi Experience & whilst all reasonable care is taken in selecting these operators it cannot accept responsibility for the operators conduct or the conduct of the representative employees or agents or for any ramifications of that conduct. On tours including activities such as trekking, swimming & snorkelling, passengers accept that degrees of risk are involved. No passenger will be permitted to embark or continue on tour while their mental or physical condition is, in the opinion of any representative of Kiwi Experience, such as to render them incapable of caring for themselves or whereby they become objectionable to other passengers or they become a hazard to themselves or other passengers. Kiwi Experience will not be responsible for any expenses resulting in such persons being precluded from completing the tour.
Your Booking: In order to reserve your seat on a Kiwi Experience small group tour a non-refundable deposit of 10% of the overall booking per person is required to secure your seat. The deposit is accepted as the first payment instalment. Any special meal requirements will be made on a request basis only. Kiwi Experience cannot guarantee these requests nor will it assume responsibility if these are not fulfilled. The balance of your tour must be paid in full no later than 45 days prior to the tour scheduled departure date. The date is referenced on the confirmation issued to you by Kiwi Experience. If payment is not made by the due date Kiwi Experience reserves the right to cancel your booking and assume any cancellation charges as per the cancellation clause 7 below. In the case of bookings made between 45 days and the scheduled departure date, full payment is required at the time of booking. For all credit card payments made over the phone or online, there is a 2% credit card fee per transaction.
Cancellations: If for any reason you do need to cancel your tour there a few things to be aware of. Your 10% deposit is a non-refundable deposit, however, in the event that you need to cancel outside of the 45-day window we will hold your deposit on file for life & this can be used towards a future departure. Upon cancellation, you will be liable to pay a fee to cover the cost of expenses incurred to Kiwi Experience at the time of booking in the below schedule. Tour Cost is inclusive of any additional activities and pre/post-accommodation. Outside 45 days: Loss of 10% of overall booking. 8 - 44 days: 50% of tour cost, Within 7 days: 100% of tour cost, Please be aware if you are booked through a third party such as a travel agent, their cancellation policy and terms and conditions may differ from our own. Be sure to check their particular terms. No refund will be given if you voluntarily leave a tour for any reason.
Changes to your booking: Changes to activities & additional accommodation is not permitted within 45 days of departure to tour. If you need to change to an alternative departure date you may do so in accordance with the below fee table. If the tour you are changing to has a higher price you are liable to cover the difference. Outside 45 days: No fee. 8 - 44 days: $500 admin fee. Within 7 days: 100% of tour cost.
General Terms and Conditions: All contracts for bookings with Kiwi Experience are governed by New Zealand law. Kiwi Experience does require a minimum number of bookings in order for a tour to be financially viable & to have a pleasant group atmosphere. This means that in the event of our minimum numbers not being reached, it may be necessary to cancel a scheduled tour. In this event, we will endeavour to offer an alternative tour date. The last possible date on which a decision for a tour to be cancelled will be no later than 14 days prior to departure. Kiwi Experience restricts guests number to a maximum of 16 pax per tour. Prior to booking any flights or making any travel arrangements customers are required to receive a confirmation from Kiwi Experience to confirm their place on tour. In this case, it would be a ‘welcome letter’ sent via email from Kiwi Experience
Accommodation: Our included accommodation for our standard small group tours is dorm share (unless you have upgraded to a private room). While our maximum number of guests is 6 per room on the odd occasion this may be more.
Age: Policy Kiwi Experience small group tours are designed for travellers that are young at heart and ready for an adventure. Due to the vast majority of accommodations we use, we cannot accept anyone who is under the age of 18 on our tours unless at the discretion of a representative of Kiwi Experience. People of any age are welcome to join our tours but please just be aware that a moderate level of fitness is required. If you have any concerns surrounding your health on our tours please contact us and we will be more than happy to discuss your options.
Luggage: Within New Zealand each guest on a tour is entitled to take one case, the sum of its length, width & depth not to exceed 160 cm (63 inches), a weight limit of 20 kilos alongside a small day pack. Your luggage should not exceed airline regulations. Over-limit luggage cannot be carried due to limited space.
Pre-booked activities and inclusions: Activity pricing is set by third party operators and may rise at any time and is outside of our control. Therefore at 45 days out Kiwi Experience reserves the right to charge the customers any difference in price in order to match the most recent price charged by operators at the time. We estimate prices go up at a rate of around 2-5% per year. Activities that you book whilst you are on a small group tour are charged at a Kiwi Experience retail rate. Some activities are available for purchase through Kiwi Experience, however, most activities are paid directly to the operator at a special discounted ‘Kiwi Experience rate’. Your contract for these activities will be with the operators directly and not with Kiwi Experience. All activities booked through your tour Guide require 72 hours notice in order to be cancelled without you incurring a charge. This is as per the cancellation policies of the activity suppliers
In trip customer feedback: If a problem occurs during your tour then it is in your own best interests to inform your Tour Guide immediately. This will ensure steps can be taken to resolve the problem straight away. If for any reason you do not feel comfortable consulting your Tour Guide then the next best thing to do is to give our head office a call and inform the team.
Travel insurance is your responsibility. The Ministry Of Foreign Affairs And Trade strongly recommends that you obtain travel insurance at the time you pay for your travel. Failure to obtain travel insurance is at your own risk. When obtaining travel insurance you must comply with the insurers’ regulations & disclose all information relating to your tour. If for any reason you are unable to travel within the cancellation policy due to illness or medical reasons Kiwi Experience is not liable to reimburse you however we will provide a detailed description of your tour for your insurers.
What’s not included in our tours? Airfares to & from the tour starting point, airport taxes, passport & visa costs, airport & ferry transfers to the tour departure point, insurance, laundry, phone calls, beverages, meals not specified in the itinerary, excess baggage fees, additional activities.
Small Group Tour details: Any inclusions whilst on the road that you do choose not to partake in will not be refunded to you. Kiwi Experience aims to provide a safe & enjoyable environment for all passengers and personnel onboard our tours. Therefore please make a note of the below conditions: Kiwi Experience does not tolerate any form of abuse, verbal or otherwise, of our personnel. Any person abusing or threatening Kiwi Experience personnel or associated representatives will automatically forfeit their right to onward travel. There might be times when Kiwi Experience personnel and/or representatives have to make decisions within the best interest of safety for its passengers. It is a condition of booking that you comply with the authority and decisions of the appointed representative of Kiwi Experience. Should you choose not to comply with the said representative or are not compatible with the general enjoyment and well-being of members of the tour, Kiwi Experience reserves the right to refuse to allow you to continue with the tour. In such case that you are removed from the tour, Kiwi Experience will not be liable to provide you with any refund, compensation or any additional costs incurred by you. Kiwi Experience cannot accept liability for the behaviour of others on your tour nor if any facilities are curtailed as a result of their actions. Kiwi Experience representatives may take on tour photos and video recordings of you whilst you are a passenger. These may be used in the Kiwi Experience brochures and/or advertising and publicity material (including social media) without obtaining any further consent or payment in respect of such photographs and/or films Kiwi Experience may use any text written in comments books, recorded in customer surveys or input to online forums, in brochures, websites and/or advertising and publicity material without obtaining any further consent or payment in respect of comments.
Snow Terms & Conditions
Your Reservation: a) Kiwi Experience requires a 10% non-refundable deposit to hold any booking. This is subject to availability, and only once we receive full payment is the booking confirmed. Once you have a confirmation email/welcome letter from Kiwi Experience your contract becomes valid. b) The deposit is accepted as the first payment instalment. Any special meal requirements will be made on a request basis only. Kiwi Experience cannot guarantee these requests nor will it assume responsibility if these are not fulfilled. The balance of your tour must be paid in full no later than 45 days prior to the tours scheduled departure date. The date is referenced on the confirmation issued to you by Kiwi Experience. If payment is not made by the due date Kiwi Experience reserves the right to cancel your booking and assume any cancellation charges as per the cancellation policy (clause 8). In the case of bookings made between 45 days and the scheduled departure date, full payment is required at the time of booking. For all credit card payments made over the phone or online, there is a 2% credit card fee per transaction. c) Any bookings made by outside agents are not confirmed until you have a confirmation email/welcome letter directly from us.
Price Guarantee: All fares published supersede all prices previously advertised. All prices are subject to change at Kiwi Experiences discretion. Until you have paid in full you are subject to these changes.
Trip Cancelations or Changes: Kiwi Experience reserves the right to make changes to their itineraries or cancel any tour, including a guaranteed tour, at any time prior to departure if something beyond the control of Kiwi Experience deems it necessary; including but not limited to, natural disasters, political instability, terrorism, weather, cultural conditions or other external events. Kiwi Experience will do our best to inform all booked customers of any changes or cancellations by email or phone. If Kiwi Experience cancels a tour you are booked onto and have fully paid for you may choose between an alternative tour or a full refund. Kiwi Experience holds no responsibility for any incidental expenses that you may have occurred as a result of your booking being cancelled. If the alternative tour chosen is of a lower value than the tour you originally booked then you are entitled to a refund of the price difference. If the alternative tour chosen is of higher value than the tour you originally booked you must pay the difference.
Trip details and conditions on trip: a) At Kiwi Experience we strive to make sure you get the best out of your experience with us, and we endeavor to do our best to fulfill the tour as per the product description outlined in our advertising. From time to time, however, we may have to change the ski resorts, hostels, meals or other included activities. We reserve the right to change or amend any trip for any reason we see necessary. b) Any included activity you elect to not participate in will not be refunded or passed on to other passengers. This is including but not limited to ski passes, ski rental, food, accommodation and mountain transfers. c) All passengers must be ages 18+ when starting their trip. d) All passengers must adhere to our general terms and conditions as mentioned in section 17 of our Small Group Tours Policy. e) Kiwi Experience is not liable for weather conditions and/or snow conditions. Under no circumstances are you able to cancel or amend a trip based on the weather. f) In the result of a ski resort being closed we will attempt to visit an alternative resort. We are unable to guarantee that will we be able to visit all the mentioned ski resorts. g) There will be one free day (non-ski day) during the trip, this will be decided by the trip leader and will be based on weather conditions. If you choose not to participate on any particular day you will be forfeiting your lift pass and mountain transfer. These cannot be transferred or on sold. h) There will only be one mountain transfer per day. If you miss this transport Kiwi Experience is not obliged to provide you with any other form of transport on that particular day. i) Kiwi Experience will not refund day passes/ski rental for late arrival to ski resorts due to any unforeseen circumstances, such as but not limited to; bus breakdowns, road conditions, chain fitting, traffic conditions. j) Kiwi Experience is not liable for the decisions of ski resorts to open or close lift access. On arrival at a resort we will be staying there regardless of the lift status.
Passports & Visas: A valid passport with a validity of at least 6 months after your return date is required for all international arrivals. It is your sole responsibility to ensure you are in possession of the necessary documentation and/or visas and in compliance with the current government and transportation companies' regulations. Check Immigration New Zealand for the latest visa requirements. If you have a recorded police conviction, no matter how minor, it is your responsibility to check with the consulate of the country you are travelling to whether this will impact your ability to enter the country or in any way impact your travels. We will not provide any refunds for visa or passport issues.
Travel Insurance is your responsibility. The Ministry Of Foreign Affairs And Trade strongly recommends that you obtain travel insurance at the time you pay for your travel. Failure to obtain travel insurance is at your own risk. When obtaining travel insurance you must comply with the insurers’ regulations and disclose all information relating to your tour, especially when it comes to skiing and snowboarding. Some policies do not cover skiing/snowboarding so we strongly advise you check this is covered by your chosen policy. If for any reason you are unable to travel due to illness or medical reasons, and you are within your Kiwi Experience cancellation period, Kiwi Experience is not liable to reimburse you, however, we will provide a detailed description of your tour for your insurers.
Liabilities: Please refer to our policy on liabilities found in our Small Groups Tours terms and conditions, section 5.
Cancellations: Your 10% deposit is non-refundable, however, if you cancel more than 45 days before departure Kiwi Experience will hold your deposit and transfer your deposit to a future departure date. Upon cancellation you will be liable to pay a fee to cover the cost of expenses incurred to Kiwi Experience at the time of cancellation, as per the following schedule: If you cancel more than 45 days before departure you’ll incur a 10% cancellation fee; between 8 – 44 days before departure you’ll incur a 50% cancellation fee; within 7 days of departure you’ll incur a 100% cancellation fee. Please be aware if you booked through a third party, such as a travel agent, their cancellation policy and terms and conditions may differ from our own, so be sure to check their particular terms. No refund will be given if you voluntarily leave a tour for any reason.
General Terms and Conditions: All contracts for bookings with Kiwi Experience are governed by New Zealand law. Kiwi Experience requires a minimum number of bookings in order for a tour to be financially viable and to have a pleasant group atmosphere. This means that in the event of our minimum numbers not being reached, it may be necessary to cancel a scheduled tour. In this event, we will endeavour to offer an alternative tour date. The last possible date on which a decision for a tour to be cancelled will be no later than 14 days prior to departure. Kiwi Experience restricts the number of people on a tour to a maximum of 30 passengers. Prior to booking any flights or making any travel arrangements customers are required to receive a confirmation from Kiwi Experience to confirm their place on tour. In this case, it would be a confirmation sent via email from Kiwi Experience.
Accommodation: The included accommodation on our Snow Tours is dorm share, unless you have upgraded to a private room. Whilst our maximum number of guests is 6 per room, on the odd occasion this may be more.
Luggage: Within New Zealand each guest on a tour is entitled to take one case or ski bag, with a weight limit of 20 kilos, alongside a small day pack. Your luggage should not exceed airline regulations. Luggage over the previous limits will not be able to be carried on the bus due to limited space.
What’s not included in our tours? Airfares to and from the tour starting point, airport taxes, passport and visa costs, insurance, laundry, phone calls, beverages, meals not specified in the itinerary, excess baggage fees, additional activities, ski rental, ski lessons. Trip leader tips/gratuities.
Acceptance
Tourism Holdings Limited ("we", "us" and "our") welcomes you to kiwiexperience.com ("Site"). We own this Site. By accessing this Site you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the terms of access listed below.
General Disclaimer
The Site is intended to provide information only. While we try to ensure that the content that we provide is correct, to the fullest extent allowed by law, we:
(a) do not warrant that the Site will be uninterrupted, secure or error-free, or that its content will be accurate, adequate, current, complete or suitable for your intended purpose; and
(b) expressly disclaim any liability which is based on, or arises out of, the information, data or material contained on this Site.
How We Use Your Information
When transmitting your personal information over the Internet, you should remember that the Internet is not a secure environment. Any personal information you transmit to us may be used by us to provide information to you about the full range of products and services offered by us and our related companies, as well as to assist us to create a statistical picture of our customers.
We will not sell, publish or give away your personal information. By providing information to us you consent to that information being used by us, our related companies and our suppliers, to carry out our business. Our Privacy policy will apply to any personal information that you supply.
Proprietary Rights
Kiwi Experience does not claim any ownership rights in any Materials that you submit, post, or display on or through the Kiwi Experience social media channels. After submitting, posting or displaying your Materials, you continue to retain all ownership rights in such Materials, and you continue to have the right to use those Materials in any way you choose (subject to these terms of access). By submitting, posting or displaying any Materials on or through the Kiwi Experience community pages, you hereby grant to us a limited license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Materials for promotional purposes.This license does not give us the right to sell your Materials, nor does the license give us the right to distribute your Materials to other people to use for business purposes.
By submitting or posting Materials on the Kiwi Experience social media channels you represent and warrant that: (i) you own those Materials or otherwise have the right to grant the license to us set forth in this section, and (ii) your actions do not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyright, contract rights or any other rights of any person.
You agree to pay all royalties, fees, and any other monies owing to any person by reason of any Materials posted by you to or through the Kiwi Experience social media channels.
Booking and Quoting Information
Where you wish to make a booking or receive a quotation in respect of any booking, separate terms and conditions will apply.
Liability
We disclaim, to the extent permitted by law, all liability or responsibility to anyone for any direct or indirect loss or damage that may result from any advice, opinion, information, representation or omission, whether negligent or otherwise, contained on this Site.
Changes to Content
All content on this Site (including these terms of access) is subject to change at any time and without notice.
Social Media Content
By tagging #kiwiexperience or #embracetheunexpected we assume consent is being given to Kiwi Experience to post your content to our owned social media channel for the purpose of advertising our travel experiences. Any user-generated content will be used organically only and the original content creator/owner will be credited. Any user-generated content is owned by the original creator. Should the original content creator/ owner not wish to have their content used organically on Kiwi Experience's owned social media channels then the creator reserves the right to request removal of their image. Kiwi Experience will act swiftly to respect this request and remove the content in question within 24hrs.
Competitions
Kiwi Experience competitions are open to worldwide, except employees of THL and their families, or any associated companies. Entrants to Kiwi Experience contests must be 18 or under. Entrants must not have an existing Kiwi Experience product booked. Winners will be the first correct entries drawn after the closing dates. The team's decision is final. We will not share your personal details with third parties unless the prize is on behalf of a supplier. These details are to be used for prize-giving only and not marketing purposes. No responsibility can be taken for entries lost or damaged in transit. Kiwi Experience will not enter into any correspondence. All winners will be notified accordingly. No cash alternative for any prizes will be offered. The winner may be required to partake in media activity relating to the competition.
Jurisdiction
Unless otherwise specified, the content on this Site has been prepared in accordance with New Zealand law for the supply of products and services to persons resident in New Zealand only. The content of this Site and any contracts formed with us arising out of this site are governed by and are to be interpreted in accordance with, New Zealand law and the New Zealand courts have jurisdiction.
Links
Please contact us for prior permission if you wish to create a hypertext link to any page on this site. If you create a link to this Site, you remain fully responsible for any consequences of that link, whether direct or indirect and you will protect us against all loss, damage, liability, costs or expense arising from or in connection with that link.
Any links to third party websites are provided for convenience only and the inclusion of a link does not imply any endorsement or verification of that website by us. The websites linked to this Site are not under our control, we accept no responsibility or liability in relation to any content on such linked websites
Copyright
The content of our site is protected by copyright and no part of our site may be reproduced or adapted in whole or in part without our prior written consent. All rights in this site are owned by us.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these terms of access, please contact us.
×
It's on its way to your inbox.
You're almost there! Simply click on the link we sent you to confirm your email address. Then your e-book will be on its way.
Want to learn more about NZ?