http://www.boglewinery.com/privacypolicy
Bogle Vineyards
Menu
Visit Us
Events
Bogle Adventures
Wine Info
Sauvignon Blanc
Chardonnay
Rosé
Pinot Noir
Merlot
Cabernet Sauvignon
Old Vine Zinfandel
Petite Sirah
Essential Red
Petite Sirah Port
Phantom Red
Phantom Chardonnay
Winery Exclusives
Bogle Family
History
Recipes
Winemaking
Sustainability
Wine Club
Shop
Store Locator
By clicking VERIFY below you are confirming that you are 21 years of age or older.
Verify
PRIVACY POLICY
Bogle Vineyards is a family owned and operated winery. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 21
Our online services are not intended for persons under 21 years of age. No one under age 21 may provide any information to or on the online services. We do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under 21. If you are under 21, do not use or provide any information on the online services or on or through any of its features/register on the online services, make any purchases through the online services, use any of the interactive or public comment features of the online services or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a person under 21, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a person under 21, please contact us either (i) by email at info@boglewinery.com or (ii) by telephone at 916-744-1139.
WHY, WHAT, AND HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Why we collect the information: We collect information about you including any personal information that you provide to us to use:
To present our Website and mobile phone access (www.boglewinery.com) and their respective content to you.
To conduct business with you.
To provide you with information, products, or services.
To answer questions and provide other customer services.
To develop new, or modify existing, products and services.
To manage your account/wine club subscription(s), including expirations and renewals.
To fulfill your wine club subscriptions and other orders.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our online services.
To notify you about changes to any of our online services or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To prevent fraud or cybersecurity attacks.
To assist in our efforts to implement, maintain and modify our information system, network and cybersecurity protections.
To conduct internal analysis and create profiles of customers regarding their preferences and purchasing behavior, to plan strategy and growth and to collate reports and manage information to support our business operations.
For any other purpose with your consent.
What type of personal information we collect:
Information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, birthdate, age, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, veteran status, personal preferences, credit card information, including billing address, or any other identifiers by which you may be contacted online or offline;
Information that is about you but individually does not specifically identify you, such as IP address, geolocation, or other online identifiers; and/or information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our online services and usage details.
How we collect the information:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our online services. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our wine clubs, purchasing products or contacting us for additional information, products or services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or participate in a promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with any of our online services or products.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Details of transactions you carry out through our online services and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide credit card information before placing an order or registering for our wine club(s) through our online services.
Search queries on the online services.
Details of your visits to any of our online services, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the online services.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type. The information we collect automatically may include personal information. The purpose of automatic collection is to improve our online services and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our online services according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to the particular online service.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated anonymous information about our users without restriction.
Additionally, we may disclose your personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy:
To third party service providers we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the business purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address to use the “Contact Us” feature of our Website, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the appropriate persons with our Company in order to provide you with the requested information or to otherwise fulfill your request.
With your consent.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our policies, terms and conditions, and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
You have choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. You may contact us to opt out of any programs or use of your information as well as you may ask us to delete your personal information. You have control over your own information.
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Please note if you disable or refuse cookies, some parts of our Website may then be inaccessible or will not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your email address used by Bogle Vineyards to promote our products or services to you, you can opt-out by changing your preferences in your account profile by calling us or sending us an email at info@boglewinery.com.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS AND ACCESSING OR CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
California Civil Code Sections 1798.100 and 1798.105 permit you to make requests to access categories and specific pieces of personal information about you as well as to request we delete your personal information. Please call us at: 916-744-1139 or send us an email at info@boglewinery.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. Note that we can only delete your personal information by also deleting your user account. We may not be able to accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions and credit card information will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our online services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
CONTACT INFORMATION
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, please contact us:
Email: info@boglewinery.com
Phone: 916-744-1139
Postal Address: 49762 Hamilton Road, Clarksburg, CA 95612
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Bogle Vineyards
Wines
The Bogle Family
History
Recipes
Winemaking
Sustainability
Visit Us
Events
Adventures
Wine Club
Bogle & Pizza
Store Locator
Shipping Information
Latest News
Trade & Media
Careers
Contact Us
© 2020 All Rights Reserved. Bogle Family Vineyards. Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
Instagram
Twitter
Facebook