https://www.ukparks.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie PolicyCookies – what are they?
Cookies allow us to understand what areas of the UK Parks website are used, we use cookies to help us understand this as well as provide features that make the website easier to use. You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but as a result parts of the site may not work as intended.
A cookie is a small text file that’s stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.
Some cookies are deleted when you close down your browser, these are known as session cookies. Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache.
Occasionally the website works with third party cookies – for example Google Analytics which records the data for us about visitor use, pages visited etc. This information helps us understand your usage. This information does not get recorded in a personally identifiable format.
If you don’t allow storing of cookies, your ability to use this web site may be impaired.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Alternatively, you can search the internet for other independent information on cookies.
Cookie details
Session Cookie
Purpose: To remember your selections or preferences that you’ve already made when looking at information or using a service.
Content: Randomly generated number
Expires: When user exits browser
Google Analytics tracking cookie
Purpose: We use Google Analytics to collect our website usage data.
Content: Randomly generated number
Expires: 2 years. If you wish to reject or delete this cookie, please see the following link: http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
Measuring website usage using Google Analytics cookies
We use Google Analytics to find out how people interact with our site.
Google Analytics stores information about what pages you have visited, how you arrived there and how long you spend on the site. Google Analytics does not collect or store any personal information used to identify who you are such as your name or address. We do not allow Google to use or share our analytics data. For more information about Google Analytics cookies go to Google Privacy Policy.
Copyright BH & HPA