http://www.encoretours.com/about-us/privacy.cfm
Register
My Account Login
Get a Quote
Contact Us
Privacy Policy and Website Use of Terms
ACIS® and its subsidiaries, Travel & CompanySM, Encore ToursSM and GoPlay Sports Tours® are committed to your privacy. While information is the cornerstone of our ability to provide superior service, your trust is most important to us. All of us at ACIS® are committed to keeping personal information secure and to using it only as you would want us to use it.
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect or you provide when you visit our website or interact with our website or ACIS via email, text or other electronic means. If you are traveling on an ACIS tour to Europe or visiting our website from within Europe, please review our Privacy Policy Addendum, which outlines how we are complying with GDPR regulations.
We will safeguard all personal information. All employees with access to personal information are screened and trained. All computer systems utilize customary industry security standards such as secure socket layer (SSL) and are monitored by trained professionals. When you provide credit card information, we use SSL encryption to protect it. There are some things you can do to protect your information as well. For instance, never give out your password, since that is what is used to access all of your account information.
We will limit collection to only the information required to participate on ACIS® trips. This information includes: name, address, date of birth, telephone number, e-mail address, gender, social security number and emergency contact name and phone number. We will also collect credit card information when payments are made by credit card.
We will collect all information explicitly
For example, through electronic and paper forms. We do not use Internet cookies to collect personal information about you when you browse our web site. For those customers who have registered with us, we do use cookies during your visits to this site so that you do not have to enter your user name and password for every screen. "Cookies" are small strings of text that are sent to the browser on your computer. Cookies collect information that includes the server your computer is logged onto, your browser type, and whether you responded to one of our [banner] ads from outside our site [or through an e-mail link]. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture your email address or any other personally identifiable information. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to reject all cookies. You can do this through your Internet browser settings. Users who reject cookies may still use our web site, but their use may be limited.
Disclosure of Information
We will not sell, rent, share or otherwise reveal personal information to any third party except: 1) when necessary to make a travel arrangement or procure a service that is part of an ACIS® trip; 2) when required by law (for example, pursuant to a subpoena, court order or in connection with any other governmental inquiry); 3) when an adult customer has agreed to the disclosure; 4) to protect or defend our legal rights or the legal rights or well-being of other users of our web site in furtherance of an investigation regarding a breach of our privacy policy or any unauthorized access to or use of our web site, or any illegal activities concerning a particular user; and 5) in connection with the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of ACIS. We do, however, reserve the right to share your information with one or more of our subsidiaries or affiliates that may be located in other states or foreign countries. By voluntarily submitting your information to the ACIS web site, you understand and consent to our transfer of such information to any of our subsidiaries or affiliates, regardless of their physical location, throughout the world. Our subsidiaries or affiliates shall treat your information pursuant to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Service Providers
Whenever we hire other organizations to provide support services we require them to conform to our privacy standards.
Children
We do not knowingly solicit data online from or market online to children under the age of 13, nor do we disclose information about children.
We attempt to keep customer information complete and accurate. We collect information directly from our customers and make every effort to maintain the accuracy of that information. Parents and guardians must review and correct all personal information about their children by contacting ACIS®. ACIS® customers and parents of minor customers may contact ACIS® at any time to review information and make corrections.
Acceptance of, and Changes to, this Privacy Policy
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to our Privacy Policy, please do not use our site. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this site so that our users are always aware of what information we collect from them, how we use that information and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose that information to third parties.
We must have personal information to arrange ACIS® trips. Anyone wishing to delete their personal information will necessarily cancel their participation on the ACIS® trip and will be subject to the normal ACIS® cancellation policies. Simply contact your group leader or ACIS® to cancel your trip and delete your information.
If you have any questions about the ACIS Privacy Policy, please contact us.
©Copyright 2020
Sitemap •
Privacy Policy •
Legal •
CCPA