http://www.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/transportation/driving-and-cycling/traveller-information/routes-and-driving-conditions/hov-lanes/electric
×
B.C. has declared a state of emergency. Our response to COVID-19 | Province-wide restrictions
Alpha
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Accessibility Statement
Menu
Careers & HR
Services
Forms
News
Contact us
Employment, business and economic development
theme_13_collection
theme_13_frontend
Employment, business and economic development
Business
Job seekers & employees
Employers
Employment Standards & workplace safety
Economic development
International investment and trade
Investment Capital
Birth, adoption, death, marriage and divorce
Birth, adoption, death, marriage and divorce
Birth and adoption
Marriage
Death
Separation and divorce
Legal changes of name
Statistics and reports
Order certificates and copies
Birth, adoption, death and marriage reports
British Columbians and our governments
British Columbians and our governments
Organizational structure
Initiatives, plans and strategies
Government ID
Indigenous People
Services & policies for government
Celebrating British Columbia
Multiculturalism and anti-racism
Local governments
Government finances
Technology and innovation
Data
Data
B.C. Data Catalogue
Statistics
Geographic data
Open Data
Data management and research
Education and training
Education and training
Early Learning
Kindergarten to Grade 12
Post-secondary Education
Adult education
Ways to learn
Job and career training
Driving and transportation
Driving and transportation
Driving and cycling
Passenger travel
Vehicle safety and enforcement
Funding, engagement and permits
Transportation infrastructure
Transportation reports and reference
Transportation and the environment
Farming, natural resources and industry
Farming, natural resources and industry
Agriculture & Seafood
Construction Industry
Electricity & Alternative Energy
Crown Land & Water
Forestry
Natural Gas & Oil
Mineral Exploration & Mining
Rangelands
Working on the Land Base
Health
Health
About B.C.'s Health Care System
Accessing Health Care
Assisted Living in BC
Health & Drug Coverage
Managing Your Health
Keeping B.C. Healthy & Safe
Conducting Health Research & Evaluation
Health Forms
Practitioner & Professional Resources
Family and social supports
Family and social supports
Youth & Family Services
Family Benefits
Childcare BC
Fostering
Seniors
Services for people with disabilities
Borrowing Money
Income assistance
Data, Monitoring & Quality Assurance
Environmental protection and sustainability
Environmental protection and sustainability
Climate Change
Pesticides & Pest Management
Plants, Animals & Ecosystems
Waste Management
Air, Land & Water
Research, Monitoring & Reporting
Natural Resource Stewardship
Housing and tenancy
Housing and tenancy
Residential Tenancies
Strata Housing
Owning a Home
Seniors Housing
Affordable and Social Housing
Local Governments and Housing
Building or Renovating
Real Estate in B.C.
Law, crime and justice
Law, crime and justice
Response to COVID-19
About B.C.'s Justice System
Criminal Justice
Human Rights
Courthouse services
For Legal Professionals
Public safety and emergency services
Public safety and emergency services
Public Safety
Emergency Preparedness, Response & Recovery
Crime Prevention
Wildfire Service
Sports, recreation, arts and culture
Sports, recreation, arts and culture
Sports
Recreation
Arts & Culture
Event Hosting
Gambling & Fundraising
Ticket Buying
Taxes and tax credits
Taxes and tax credits
Sales Taxes
Income Taxes
Property Taxes
Speculation & Vacancy Tax
Employer Health Tax
Natural Resource Taxes
Insurance Taxes
Tax Audits, Rulings & Appeals
Using eTaxBC Online Services
Tax Changes
Tax Interpretation Manual
Tourism and immigration
Tourism and immigration
Immigrating to B.C.
Travelling in B.C.
Moving to British Columbia
Tourism Resources
Search
default_collection
default_frontend
Home
Driving and transportation
Driving and cycling
Traveller Information
Routes & Driving Conditions
HOV Lanes
Apply for Electric Vehicles in HOV Lanes on B.C. Highways
Permits for electric vehicles to access HOV lanes on B.C. Highways
Apply
Eligibility
Overview
Benefits
Apply
Related Information
Contact
Due to the current COVID-19 situation it will take longer than usual to process and deliver EV-HOV decals.  We ask for patience during this time.
Eligibility
Drivers and manufacturers can apply for electric vehicles to have access to HOV lanes in B.C. regardless of the number of passengers in the car.
Eligible vehicle criteria:
Fuel Type must be one of the following:
Battery electric Vehicle (BEV)
Hydrogen fuel cell vehicle (HFCV)
Plug-in hybrid electric Vehicle (PHEV)
Extended-range electric vehicle (E-REV)
Highway capable
Canadian Motor Vehicle Safety Standards (CMVSS) certified
Covered/deemed covered by Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) certificate in accordance with the On-Road Vehicle and Engine Emission Regulations (ORVEER)
BC registered, OEM vehicle with gross vehicle weight < 6,000kg
Any types of post-production conversions are not eligible
Drivers
Owners of low emission vehicles can apply for a permit to drive in high occupancy vehicle lanes (HOV) on B.C. highways. You can also apply for a replacement if your decal was lost or damaged.
Manufacturers
Original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) may have their vehicles listed as eligible to travel in high occupancy vehicle lanes (HOV) on B.C. highways if they meet certain conditions.
Overview
Electric vehicles (EVs) displaying an official decal are allowed in high occupancy vehicle (HOV) lanes in British Columbia regardless of the number of passengers in the car, unless a sign is posted indicating otherwise.
Drivers
Your vehicle make, model, year and fuel type will be checked against the eligible vehicle list before a permit will be issued.
Check to see if your vehicle model is already on the eligibility list (PDF, 456.8 KB - Updated August 20, 2020)
Frequently asked questions about Electric Vehicle Program and HOV Lanes
Manufacturers
The provincial government evaluates whether low emission vehicle models can become eligible for the Electric Vehicles in HOV Lanes Program.
Benefits
Drivers
Electric vehicles (EVs) displaying an official decal are allowed in provincial highway and municipal high occupancy vehicle lanes (HOV) in British Columbia regardless of the number of passengers in the car, unless a sign is posted indicating otherwise.
The following provincial highway HOV lanes are eligible for use by electric vehicles:
Lower Mainland
Highway 1 – westbound from east of 202 Street to Gilmore Way overpass
Highway 1 – eastbound from Gilmore Way overpass to 208 Street overpass
Highway 7 – westbound only east of Golden Ears Way to east of Old Dewdney Trunk Road
Highway 17A – northbound only Ladner Trunk Road to Highway 99
Highway 99 – northbound south of Highway 17 to north of Highway 17A
Highway 99 – southbound south of Westminster Highway to north of Steveston Highway
Kelowna
Highway 97 – northbound Pandosy Street to Highway 33
Highway 97 – southbound Highway 33 to Pandosy Street
Manufacturers
Manufacturers may benefit because consumers of clean energy vehicles in B.C. consider many factors, including access to High Occupancy Vehicle lanes.They may consult this list to inform their purchasing decision.
Apply
Electric Vehicles in HOV lanes on B.C. Highways - Drivers
Drivers: Apply for a permit or replacement decal to drive in high occupancy vehicle lanes (HOV). Allow up to four weeks for processing.
The registration number and vehicle identification number (VIN) can be found on your ICBC vehicle registration form.
NOTE: This is a newly automated application system. If you have any problems with your application, contact the EV HOV office and have your ICBC vehicle registration available so we can assist you.
Apply Online, Electric Vehicles in HOV lanes on B.C. Highways - Drivers, opens in a new window
[Optional]
Electric Vehicles in HOV lanes on B.C. Highways - Manufacturers
Manufacturers: Apply to have your vehicles listed as eligible to travel in HOV lanes
Apply, Electric Vehicles in HOV lanes on B.C. Highways - Manufacturers, opens in a new window
[Optional]
Related Information
Transportation Energy Solutions
Learn about B.C.'s energy use solutions.
Using HOV Lanes
Learn about using B.C.'s High Occupancy Vehicle Lanes.
Plug in BC
Supporting the uptake of electric vehicles in British Columbia. Find available EV charging stations and incentive programs.
CEV for BC
Learn about the Clean Energy Vehicles for B.C. Program to make clean energy vehicles more affordable for British Columbians.
Emotive
Ask an expert your EV questions
Emotive Community (Facebook)
Emotive is a campaign and community aimed to raise awareness of plug-in electric vehicles in B.C.
Motor Vehicle Act - Section 152 - High Occupancy Vehicle Lane
Motor Vehicle Act Regulations - Division 42 - High Occupancy Vehicles
Contact
Electric Vehicles in HOV Lanes Program
Phone:
778-974-5470
Email:
EVHOV@gov.bc.ca
Hello, I am your COVID-19 digital assistant. Click or tap to ask a general question about COVID-19. Please don’t enter any personal information.
Connect With Us
BC Gov News
Facebook
Twitter
Photos
Videos
Newsletters
RSS feeds
Government A-Z
Services A-Z
Organizations A-Z
Forms A-Z
Services and Information Topics
Employment, business and economic development
Birth, adoption, death, marriage and divorce
British Columbians and our governments
Data
Education and training
Driving and transportation
Farming, natural resources and industry
Health
Family and social supports
Environmental protection and sustainability
Housing and tenancy
Law, crime and justice
Public safety and emergency services
Sports, recreation, arts and culture
Taxes and tax credits
Tourism and immigration
Home
About gov.bc.ca
Disclaimer
Privacy
Accessibility
Copyright
Contact us
Desktop View