http://www.mibeercans.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Contact
Privacy Policy
Submit an article
Terms and Conditions
Search for:
Sharing is caring!0shares
Share
Tweet
Pin
Google+
LinkedIn
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Mi Beer Cans’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://mibeercans.com, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is effective as of 21 February 2019.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Daniel from Team Music was portentous to product
Escape post have grown increasingly public in libraries over the beyond
A few showrooms are accessible and offer conveyance to the home insights concerning showroom
How to find a live-in carer?
The application utilized for group building and it’s exercises
Pinterest
0shares
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings