http://www.hfradio.net/privacy/
Privacy | HF Radio
Skip to content
Toggle navigation
Home
Smartphone
About Us
Talk To Us
Privacy
HomeHomePrivacy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is HF Radio’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://www.hfradio.net/, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
Search
Last ArticlesBenefits of Hiring Professional SEO Company10:14 AM 26 Sep 2020A Buyers Guide to the Best Wireless Security Cameras7:14 AM 03 Apr 2019Buying Guide for Rugged Computer Servers3:07 PM 22 Mar 2019Tips for Choosing the Right Hidden Spy Camera2:59 AM 17 Mar 2019Tips on Buying a Rugged Smartphone3:34 PM 18 Feb 2019Tips on Choosing the Right Television10:26 AM 18 Feb 2019
Find Us
Categories Gadgets 1
Guides 3
Uncategorized 2
Tags
SEO agency
spy camera
cameras
security
rugged servers
smart televison
cctv
buying a tv
rugged computers
Privacy
Terms Of Service