https://www.skydivinglondon.com/skydivecentreltd_privacypolicy.htm
Privacy policy
Home
Skydiving
Privacy Policy
How We Gather Information
Personal information is gathered when customers request more information or complete an online booking through our website.
Information is also taken on our membership form either online or when you arrive at the airfield for your skydive.
Financial
payment information is only gathered when a customer purchases a
skydive. In these cases, the information is securely held by Worldpay and no card details are retained by our systems or visible to our staff or systems.
We utilise an 'essential cookie' during any booking being processed via our booking/registration system, this teporarily stores information that you are transmitting to us against a 'session variable' so that your data may only be utilised for that specific purpose, this is stored locally on your machine and erased when it expires.
What We Do With The Information
Skydive Centre Ltd will not sell, distribute, or give away any of your personal
details to any 3rd party company, organisation or individual.
Information
held on customers will be stored for a period of 3 years after your
last contact with us. Unless under the age of 18, where we will keep the
information for as long as we deem fit.
Data will be stored on our servers, which are located outside of the EEA wholly within the UK.
Exceptions:
Personal
information pertaining to insurance and customer information will be
passed to our governing body, the British Skydiving.
By
taking part in a skydive for a
charity, you agree that your
contact details may, if required, be given to the charity that you have
booked to fundraise for. This is so that they may support you with your
fundraising efforts and arrange to collect any additional sponsorship
after the jump.
Google Analytics and Adwords
We
advertise with Google Adwords and Google Remarketing. We also collect
data from Google Analytics. This data is gathered from internet cookies
on our website. We use them to analyse who our visitor’s demographics,
which web pages they are visiting and offer our adverts on other
websites.
Whilst we collect this information, no individual data
(such as name or IP address) are collected. We cannot trace an
individual or computer, we only gather generic data.
If you wish to opt out of this anonymous data gathering, please disable cookies on your internet browser or install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. You can also find out more about opting out here for both browser and mobile phone.
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These
cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our
site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve
the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form,
including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to
the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google.
Email Correspondence & Direct Marketing
You will never be added to any marketing campaign without your consent.
Skydive Centre Ltd will send you a confirmation letter by email when you book
and/or reschedule your skydive. Gift vouchers and confirmation letters
may also be sent by post.
Once you have completed your skydive you will also be sent a thank-you email.
No further correspondence will be sent however you will be given the choice to sign up to our email newsletter if you wish.
Email
newsletters will be sent to those who have signed up via our website or
have subscribed via our email links however you can unsubscribe at any
time via the unsubscribe link, or by contacting us directly.
Affiliated Websites And Organisations
Should
you enquire about AFF skydiving courses or Tandem jumps
then your contact
details may be passed to them with your consent.
We will never pass on your financial details to anyone.
Video And Photographs
You
will be asked for consent via opt-in options or direct communication,
for any photo or video from your jumps to be used for marketing
purposes; website, social media streams, printed material, etc.
Visitors
should be aware we regularly film interviews with tandem and solo
students while on the ground, and visitors may be filmed in the
background. Visitors wishing to be on camera should stay within the
clubhouse area.  Skydive Centre Ltd have no responsibility from the
point of sale to where these videos are displayed.
CCTV is located on site for the purpose of crime prevention and detection.
Concerns or Complaints
If
you have any concerns or complains about how your details are gathered,
stored, used or handled by Skydive Centre Ltd, you have the right to
contact us directly at office@skydivecentre.com or to go the Information Commissioners Office. You can find their
complaints procedures by clicking here (add link
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/) or by calling the ICO direct on 0303123
1113.
Email: office@skydivecentre.com                             Tel: 0207 096 3745
Downloads
Tandem student fitness decleration form 115A
Tandem student fitness decleration form 115b
solo student fitness decleration form 114A
solo fitness decleration form 114
aged 16-18 Membership form 106
Skydiving London
About skydive centre
Skydive Centre Ltd registered in England & Wales 9581633 please see contact page for more detail
The Weather
Useful Links
Fitness Declarations
Contact Us
Directions
Journey Planner
Copyright 2016. Skydive Centre Ltd
0800 009 3015
office@skydivecentre.com