http://www.charleskrug.com/privacy-policy
I am over the age of 21
Skip to main content
Skip to Main Content - Keyboard Accessible
Skip to Home
Skip to Legacy
Skip to Wines
Skip to Visit
Skip to Belong
Privacy Policy
We are building a strong tradition of providing quality goods and excellent customer service. Part of achieving this goal involves working with information that helps us understand what customers want when they visit our site.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US
In several areas, we ask you to provide information by filling out and submitting an online form. Following is a list of the information we request, arranged by site location, and details on how we use this information.
CHECKOUT
We ask for your name, address and contact information so we can send you your order, and so we can contact you if we have a question about your order. We ask for credit card information so we can fulfill your order, and so we can provide this information to the company or companies who process your credit card payment. When you make a purchase or join the Charles Krug Wine Club or another of our wine clubs your credit card will be processed by Charles Krug. Please check your credit card statement to verify that the charges have been properly processed. We do not share any other information with third parties, except in the case of contact or order information needed to fulfill your order. We do not share or sell email addresses.
MY ACCOUNT
When you create an account, we ask for your name, address, phone number, email address, and a user name and password. We use this information to fulfill your orders and to enable time-saving features like express checkout, wish lists and saved baskets. We do not share or sell this information.
NEWSLETTER
We ask you to provide a name, email address and profile information. We use this information only to fulfill your request and, in the case of profile information, to help make sure we’re sending you the type of email updates you want to receive. We do not share or sell email addresses.
GIFT CARDS AND GIFT MESSAGES
These options allow you to send a personal greeting with your gift order. We make no use of the information contained in these greetings except to complete your order as you have requested.
INFORMATION WE DON’T COLLECT
When you visit and browse our site, we do not collect your name, email address or any other personal information unless you provide it to us.
HOW WE USE EMAIL
After you place an order on our site, you will receive an email confirmation and, in most cases, an email with package tracking information. We send our Newsletter, email update on new releases, products and wine information, to subscribers only. Unsubscribe instructions are included in each edition of the email. We do not sell or share email addresses with other companies. We do use email as a means of receiving feedback from our customers, and we encourage you to email us with your questions or comments. We read every email we receive.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Occasionally we provide links to other sites we think you will enjoy. These sites operate independently of us and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.
ABOUT INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH OTHERS
We may contract with third party marketing companies to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. They may collect non-personal information about your visits to our website, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use non-personal information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services. These targeted advertisements may appear on other websites that you visit. The anonymous information is collected through the use of technology such as Cookies and Web Beacons, which are industry standard. No Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) is collected in this process. You may opt-out of the use of your information for tailored advertising purposes. To learn more about the use of this information or to choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partner by opting out, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here*. If you delete your Cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
INFORMATION WE DO NOT SHARE WITH OTHERS
We do not share, sell or trade information collected as part of a survey, or specific details about you or your household. For both privacy and security purposes, all transactional information communicated between customers and our Web site is transmitted in an encrypted format, and all credit card information is deleted from our servers immediately after card authorization.
HOW TO REMOVE YOUR NAME FROM OUR MAILING LIST
Email us at info@charleskrug.com
UPDATES TO OUR INFORMATION PRACTICES
We’re always looking for ways to improve our site’s features and services and to improve the way we communicate our information practices. As a result, this statement is updated from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. We will never change our policies with regard to releasing information to third parties without first notifying all customers and providing them with the opportunity to “opt-in” for correspondence from other companies.
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS
Please Contact Us- For questions, comments or assistance with any privacy-related issues, we invite you to email us info@charleskrug.com or call: 707.967.2200. We’re always happy to help.
SHIPPING
All packages containing alcohol are shipping via UPS and FedEx with Adult Signature Required. An adult over 21 years of age must be present to sign for the package – they CANNOT be left in a specified location without signature. Please keep this in mind when entering delivery address information.
FedEx or UPS will attempt delivery 3 times, after which the package will be returned to us. We will reship the package only after obtaining customer approval and payment of any return and reshipping fees by said customer.
Orders are generally processed & shipped within 2-3 business days after being received. We may occasionally hold orders due to extreme weather conditions in order to ensure quality of the delivered product.
Delivery times vary based on location; please allow for 5-10 business days. We do not have the ability to select specific dates, days or time of day for delivery. FedEx or UPS will provide a tracking number for the shipment via email.
swipe to enter
We Are Still Open!
December 9, 2020
By swiping to enter, you are confirming that you are of legal drinking age in your country.
We Are Still Open!
December 9, 2020
As of 10 AM Wednesday, December 9, we remain open and hosting what may be the safest tastings in all wine country.  Our outdoor cabanas and tables are socially distanced perfectly, our staff is well trained in the proper protocols, and you will feel incredibly safe during your visit.  We understand these are very trying times and we know that your options to have some sort of wine country experience are limited, but we strive to exceed all expectations during your visit.
We are still open daily from 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM.  Reservations are still required.  Contact us at 707-967-2229 to reserve your tasting appointment today.  You can also find updates on social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram).
You need to get your holiday orders in right away as the shipping companies are overwhelmed and have many delays.  Friday the 11th of December is the last day for ground shipping to the east coast.  Call us at 888-SIP-Krug and an associate will help you with your order.
Peace and Joy!
Jim Morris, VP Guest Relations
Charles Krug Winery
December 9, 2020
707-967-2215