http://www.barton-guestier.com/Legal.php#legal-notice
Legal Notices
Legal Notices
Legal notice -
General terms & conditions of use - Privacy policy & cookies
Legal notice
Editor
The site www.barton-guestier.com is produced by the company
Barton & Guestier, a simplified joint-stock company with a capital of
11,266,065 euros, registered in the Bordeaux Trade and Companies Register under
number 592 008 999 B, the registered office is located at Château Magnol, 87,
rue du Dehez 33290 BLANQUEFORT, France (registered with the CNIL under number
1125216).
Publication director: Olivier MARC.
Multimedia design and production
The www.barton-guestier.com site was designed by Barton
& Guestier and the Comquest agency - Frédéric Trouillet -
frederic@comquest.fr.
Hosting
The www.barton-guestier.com site is hosted by OVH, a
simplified joint stock company with a capital of 5,000,000 euros, registered in
the Roubaix - Tourcoing Trade and Companies Register, under number 424 761 419
00045, including the head office is located at 2 rue Kellermann - 59100 Roubaix
- France.
Website: http://www.ovh.com.
General terms & conditions of use
By exploring this Website (hereinafter referred to as
"the Site"), you agree to be subject to the Terms and Conditions of
Use (hereinafter referred to as "the Terms and the Conditions”) set out
below. Barton & Guestier may from time to time revise these Terms and
Conditions and it is your responsibility to review these Terms and Conditions
each time you access the Site. Barton & Guestier maintains this Site for
the personal use of persons legally authorized to consume alcoholic beverages,
and in countries in which the consumption of alcoholic beverages is legal. You must
leave this Site immediately if you do not accept the Terms and Conditions of
Use, if you are under the legal age for the consumption of alcoholic beverages
in the country in which you are located or if you are in a country where use of
this Site is not permitted; Barton & Guestier cannot be held liable if
these provisions are not observed.
Discharge of responibility
Barton & Guestier strives to ensure to the best of its
ability, the accuracy and updating of all the information provided on this site
and on any other site of its subsidiaries which is directly linked to it.
Barton & Guestier reserves the right to correct the content of the website
at any time and without prior notice.
However, Barton & Guesiter cannot guarantee the
accuracy, precision or completeness of the information made available on this
site.
Consequently, Barton & Guestier declines all
responsibility and the responsibility of Barton & Guestier can under no
circumstances be engaged:
for any interruption of the site;
for bug occurrence;
for any inaccuracy, punctual and unexpected error or
omission relating to information available on the site;
for any damage resulting from a fraudulent intrusion by a
third party which led to a modification of the information made available on
the site;
and more generally of any direct or indirect damage,
whatever the causes, origins, nature or consequences, which may arise due to
the access of anyone to the site or the impossibility of accessing it or the
credit granted to any information coming directly or indirectly from the
latter.
Furthermore, Barton & Guestier does not guarantee that
the server hosting this site is free of viruses or that a technical problem may
arise which could damage the components of the user's computer or the data
which may be stored there.
In any event Barton & Guestier or one of its
subcontractors cannot be held liable for any damage that may occur when
connecting to this site.
Confidentiality, Copyright, Trademarks and other Property
Rights
The site and any software necessarily used in connection
with it may contain confidential information and protected by all intellectual
property rights in force or any other law or regulation.
Thus, unless otherwise stated, the intellectual property
rights on the documents contained on the site and each of the elements created
for this site are the exclusive property of Barton & Guestier: no license,
nor any right other than that of consulting the site. is conferred on anyone
with regard to intellectual property rights.
Reproduction of site documents is authorized for the sole
purpose of providing information for personal and private use; any reproduction
or use of copies made for other purposes is expressly prohibited.
Printing or downloading any material or information that is
contained on this Site is subject to the following five conditions:
(i) the material or information is intended exclusively for
personal, non-commercial use; (ii) no notice of the existence of copyright or
any mention of property rights is removed from the material or information;
(iii) the material or information is not modified in any way; (iv) you are in a
country in which the consumption of alcoholic beverages is authorized; and (v)
you are of legal age to be able to consume alcoholic beverages in the country
where you are.
It is also prohibited to copy, modify, create a derivative
work, reverse the design or assembly or in any other way attempt to find the
source code (except in cases provided by law), sell, assign, under - license or
transfer in any way whatsoever any right relating to software.
Finally, it is also prohibited to modify the software or to
use modified versions of the software and in particular (without this list
being exhaustive) in order to obtain unauthorized access to the service and to
access the site by another means. only through the interface provided to you
for this purpose by Barton & Guestier.
Privacy policy & cookies
Respect for privacy
The following engagement describes Barton & Guestier’s
practices in collecting and using information for the site (hereinafter
"the Site"), including the type of information collected and how to
reuse it.
Cookies
This site uses Google Analytics cookies. These cookies help
us to identify the content that interests you the most as well as to identify
certain malfunctions. Your navigation data on this site is sent to Google Inc.
anonymously.
You can at any time choose whether or not to accept audience
measurement cookies using the small "Cookies" block at the bottom
right of each page of the site.
When you entrust us with personal information, it is only
available from our employees in order to contact you by phone or send you
emails in response to your requests. Barton & Guestier agrees never to
share, sell or rent your personal information unless required to do so by law.
In accordance with French law (Law 78-17 of January 6, 1978
relating to data, files and freedoms), you have the right to oppose, access,
rectify and delete data which you concern. You can exercise this right by
writing to contact@barton-guestier.com.
Protection of personal data
In principle, you can circulate on our site without having
to reveal personal information such as your name or address, telephone number
or e-mail.
However, when you enter the Site, you will be asked to verify
that your age corresponds to the legal age authorized for the consumption of
alcoholic beverages in the country where you are located. We use this
information to prevent minors and those whose country of residence prohibits
the consumption of alcoholic beverages from accessing this Site.
In some parts of this Site, we may ask you to provide
certain personal information so that we can provide you with the information
you have requested, respond to your feedback online, or to allow you to
participate in our surveys.
You may also be asked for certain demographic data
(language, country of residence) in order to adapt the content of this site to
your needs. You are not required to provide us with this personal information;
please be aware that failing this we may not be able to respond to some of your
requests.
If you do not want personal information collected on your
account, simply do not respond to requests for information through the site.
We go to great lengths to ensure that the personal
information you provide to us remains confidential.
We do not sell, rent or otherwise disclose this information
to third parties unless expressly agreed with you, unless we are required to do
so by law, competent authorities or to cooperate in legal proceedings.
We may share anonymous data with other companies we work
with for market research.
In the event that we wish to transmit your personal
information to other Barton & Guestier companies or to third-party
structures that we consider likely to interest you, we will seek your agreement
beforehand on this subject.
In the event of refusal or non-response from you, we will
not transmit any personal data.
Data collected automatically
When you visit our site, the domain server automatically
sends us your IP address as well as information such as the date and duration
of your visit to our site or the IP addresses to which you have visited thanks
to the links offered by our site. .
This information may be used to adapt the content of our
site to your needs.
Like many companies, we may store information on your
computer in the form of "cookies". Cookies make it possible to know
in particular which sites you have visited before reaching our site or even
which pages you have visited on our site.
In no case do these cookies collect personal information.
You can delete these cookies from your hard drive, block them or request to
receive a warning before they are stored on your hard drive.
No collection of information concerning minors
We remind you that this site is not intended for minors and
people under the age required to consume alcoholic beverages in their country
of residence. Consequently Barton & Guestier will not knowingly collect
information on minors, whether they have been authorized by their legal
representatives or not. If necessary Barton & Guestier will not provide
this information to third parties.
Finally and in accordance with art. 34 of the law
“Informatique et Libertés” of January 6, 1978 we remind you that you have the
right to access, modify, rectify and delete data concerning you. To exercise
this right, contact Barton & Guestier, 87 rue du Dehez, 33290 Blanquefort -
France.
Unsolicited mail
Barton & Guestier does not send unsolicited mail or
spam. You can unsubscribe from the mailing list at any time by sending a letter
to the following address contact@barton-guestier.com with the word
"UNSUBSCRIBE" in Subject.
General
References to a particular product or service do not imply
that Barton & Guestier and its related companies intend to make these
products or services available in all countries.
Connections
The site may include links to other websites or other
Internet sources. Insofar as Barton & Guestier cannot control these
external sites and sources, Barton & Guestier cannot be held responsible
for the provision of these external sites and sources, and cannot bear any
responsibility for the content, advertisements, products, services or any other
material available on or from these external sites or sources.
In addition, Barton & Guestier cannot be held liable for
any proven or alleged damage or loss resulting from or in connection with the
use of or having trusted the content, goods or services available on these
sites or external sources.
Barton & Guestier / Château Magnol
87 rue du Dehez - BP 30 - 33290 Blanquefort Cedex - FRANCE
Tel: +33 (0)5 56 95 48 00 - Fax: +33 (0)5 56 95 48 01Contact
Follow us
Legal notice
General terms & conditions of use
Privacy policy & cookies
Registration No°: 592 008 999 - Jurisdiction: FranceEnjoy our wines responsibly© 2020 - Barton & Guestier - All right reserved
Calorie information
Sustainable development