http://www.hilltoptreks.ie/privacy-policy/
| COVID
Home
Day Tours from Dublin
Wicklow Glendalough
Celts and Castles Tour
Wicklow, Glendalough and Kilkenny
Guided Walks From Dublin
Cliffs of Moher
Private Day Tours Ireland
Group Tours with Hilltoptreks
Guided Day Walks
Guided Walks in Ireland
Full Moon Walk Dublin
Hill Walking Club
Guided Walking Holidays
Walking Holidays Ireland
3 or 5 Day Wicklow Tour
South West of Ireland Tour – 7 Days
7 Day Connemara and Aran Islands
15 Day All Ireland Tour
The Wild Atlantic Way
Walking Holidays Abroad
Walking Holiday in Palestine
Italy – Dolomites
Portuguese Camino Coastal Route
Short Walking Breaks Ireland
Walking Weekend in Tipperary
Walking Weekend in Donegal
Walking Weekend in West Cork
Self Guided Walking Holidays
Self Guided Walks in Ireland
Wicklow Way – Ireland
Kerry Way – Ireland
Dingle Way – Ireland
Western Way – Ireland
Beara Way – Ireland
Sheep’s Head – Ireland
Self Guided Walks Europe
Camino – Self Guided
Portuguese Coastal Camino
Portugal – Fishermen’s Trail
Courses
Online Navigation course
Hill Walking Course
Contact Us
Search
Menu
Menu
Hilltoptreks Ltd PRIVACY POLICY
Hilltoptreks Ltd cares about your privacy.  For this reason, we collect and use personal data only as it might be needed for us to deliver to you our services. Your personal data includes information such as:
Name Address
Telephone number
Date of birth
Email address
Other data collected that could directly or indirectly identify you.
Our Privacy Policy is intended to describe to you how and what data we collect, and how and why we use your personal data. It also describes options we provide for you to access, update or otherwise take control of your personal data that we process.
If at any time you have questions about our practices or any of your rights described below, you may reach our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and our dedicated team that supports this office by contacting us at info@hilltoptreks.ie This inbox is actively monitored and managed so that we can deliver an experience that you can confidently trust.
What information do we collect?
We collect information so that we can provide the best possible experience when you utilize our Services.  Much of what you likely consider personal data is collected directly from you when you:
(1)  Purchase any of our Services (ex: billing information, including name, address, credit card number, government identification);
(2)  Request assistance from our award-winning customer support team (ex: phone number);
(3)  Complete contact forms or request newsletters or other information from us (ex: email); or
(4)   Participate in contests and surveys, apply for a job, or otherwise participate in activities we promote that might require information about you.
However, we also collect additional information when delivering our Services to you to ensure necessary and optimal performance.  These methods of collection may not be as obvious to you, so we wanted to highlight and explain below a bit more about what these might be (as they vary from time to time) and how they work:
Account related information is collected in association with your use of our Services, such as account number, purchases, when products renew or expire, information requests, and customer service requests and notes or details explaining what you asked for and how we responded.
Cookies and similar technologies on our websites and our mobile applications allow us to track your browsing behaviour, links clicked, items purchased, your device type, and to collect various data, including analytics, about how you use and interact with our Services. This allows us to provide you with more relevant product offerings, a better experience on our sites and mobile applications, and to collect, analyze and improve the performance of our Services. We may also collect your location (IP address) so that we can personalize our Services.
Data about Usage of Services is automatically collected when you use and interact with our Services, including metadata, log files, cookie/device IDs and location information. This information includes specific data about your interactions with the features, content and links (including those of third-parties, such as social media plugins) contained within the Services, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie data, information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and error data, and some of this data collected might be capable of and be used to approximate your location.
How we utilize information.
We strongly believe in both minimizing the data we collect and limiting its use and purpose to only that (1) for which we have been given permission, (2) as necessary to deliver the Services you purchase or interact with, or (3) as we might be required or permitted for legal compliance or other lawful purposes. These uses include: Delivering, improving, updating and enhancing the Services we provide to you.  We collect various information relating to your purchase, use and/or interactions with our Services. We utilize this information to:
Improve and optimize the operation and performance of our Services (again, including our websites and mobile applications)
Diagnose problems with and identify any security risks, errors, or needed enhancements to the Services
Detect and prevent fraud and abuse of our Services and systems
Collecting aggregate statistics about use of the Services
Understand and analyze how you use our Services and what products and services are most relevant to you.
Often, much of the data collected is aggregated or statistical data about how individuals use our Services, and is not linked to any personal data, but to the extent it is itself personal data, or is linked or linkable to personal data, we treat it accordingly.
Sharing with trusted third parties. We may share your personal data with affiliated companies within our corporate family, with third parties with which we have partnered to allow you to integrate their services into our own Services, and with trusted third party service providers as necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, such as:
Processing credit card payments
Serving advertisements
Conducting contests or surveys
Performing analysis of our Services and customers demographics
Communicating with you, such as by way email or survey delivery
Customer relationship management.
We only share your personal data as necessary for any third party to provide the services as requested or as needed on our behalf. These third parties (and any subcontractors) are subject to strict data processing terms and conditions and are prohibited from utilizing, sharing or retaining your personal data for any other purpose than as they have been specifically contracted for (or without your consent).
Communicating with you. We may contact you directly or through a third party service provider regarding products or services you have signed up or purchased from us, such as necessary to deliver transactional or service related communications. We may also contact you with offers for additional services we think you’ll find valuable if you give us consent, or where allowed based upon legitimate interests. You don’t need to provide consent as a condition to purchase our goods or services. These contacts may include:
Email
Text (SMS) messages
Telephone calls
Automated phone calls or text messages.
You may also update your subscription preferences with respect to receiving communications from us and/or our partners by signing into your account and visiting “Account Settings” page.
If we collect information from you in connection with a co-branded offer, it will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the information and whose privacy policy applies. In addition, it will describe any choice options you have in regards to the use and/or sharing of your personal data with a co-branded partner, as well as how to exercise those options.
If you make use of a service that allows you to import contacts (ex. using email marketing services to send emails on your behalf), we will only use the contacts and any other personal information for the requested service. If you believe that anyone has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at info@hilltoptreks.ie
Transfer of personal data abroad.  If you utilize our Services from a country other than the country where our servers are located, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders. Also, when you call us or initiate a chat, we may provide you with support from one of our global locations outside your country of origin. In these cases, your personal data is handled according to this Privacy Policy.
Compliance with legal, regulatory and law enforcement requests. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (such as subpoena requests), to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process. We will also share your information to the extent necessary to comply with ICANN or any ccTLD rules, regulations and policies when you register a domain name with us.
Website analytics.  We use multiple web analytics tools provided by service partners such as Google Analytics, MixPanel and Singular to collect information about how you interact with our website or mobile applications, including what pages you visit, what site you visited prior to visiting our website, how much time you spend on each page, what operating system and web browser you use and network and IP information. We use the information provided by these tools to improve our Services. These tools place persistent cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website. Each cookie cannot be used by anyone other than the service provider (ex: Google for Google Analytics). The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside. Though information collected does not include personal data such as name, address, billing information, etc., the information collected is used and shared by these service provider in accordance with their individual privacy policies. You can control the technologies we use by managing your settings through settings in your browser or third-party tools, such as Disconnect, Ghostery and others.
Targeted advertisements. Targeted ads or interest-based offers may be presented to you based on your activities on our web pages, and other websites, and based on the products you currently own.  These offers will display as varying product banners presented to you while browsing. We also partner with third parties to manage our advertising on our web pages and other websites.  Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information such activities in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests, and to measure advertising effectiveness.  If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click here [or if located in the European Union click here]. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
Third-party websites.  Our website and our mobile applications contain links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party sites.  Please read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
How you can delete your data.
All promotional mail sent by us as an opt out option which you can utilise if you no longer wish to receive mail from us. Should you want all personal data stored by us removed please contact us at info@hilltoptreks.ie. We will remove your data and confirm its removal with you.
If you make a request to delete your personal data and that data is necessary for the products or services you have purchased, the request will be honored only to the extent it is no longer necessary for any Services purchased or required for our legitimate business purposes or legal or contractual record keeping requirements.
How we secure, store and retain your data.
We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the personal data we collect, both during transmission and once received and stored, including utilization of encryption where appropriate.
We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes. These might include retention periods:
mandated by law, contract or similar obligations applicable to our business operations;
for preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual rights; or
needed to maintain adequate and accurate business and financial records.
If you have any questions about the security or retention of your personal data, you can contact us at info@hilltoptreks.ie
‘Do Not Track’ notifications.
Some browsers allow you to automatically notify websites you visit not to track you using a “Do Not Track” signal. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, we currently do not alter our practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you may wish to visit www.allaboutdnt.com.
Age restrictions.
Our Services are available for purchase only for those over the age of 18.  Our Services are not targeted to, intended to be consumed by or designed to entice individuals under the age of 18. If you know of or have reason to believe anyone under the age of 18 has provided us with any personal data, please contact us.
Changes in our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and any other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page, at least thirty (30) days prior to the implementation of the changes.
Data Protection Authority.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) and believe we maintain your personal data subject to the the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may direct questions or complaints to the data protection commissioner
Data Protection Commissioner
Canal House
Station Road
Portarlington
R32 AP23 Co. Laois
Phone:  +353 57 8684800; +353 (0)761 104 800
Fax: +353 57 8684757
e-mail: info@dataprotection.ie
Contact us.
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about our privacy Policy, our practices or our Services, you may contact our Office of the DPO by email at info@hilltoptreks.ie In the alternative, you may contact us by either of the following means:
By Mail: Attn: Office of the Data Protection Officer,
Hilltoptreks Ltd,
17 Dodder Lawn,
Dodder Valley Park
Firhouse Dublin 24
By Phone: +353 (0)877 849599
We will respond to all requests, inquiries or concerns within thirty (30) days.
HilltopTreks 17 Dodder Lawn,
Dodder Valley Park,
Firhouse Dublin 24,
Ireland
Local: 087  7849599
Int: +353 (0) 87 7849599
Email: Info@hilltoptreks.ie
Skype : Hilltoptreks
Day Tours from DublinDay Tour of Wicklow, Glendalough
Celts and Castles Tour
Cliffs of Moher
Private Day Tours
Gift VouchersContact Us
Your Email (required)
Your Message
Scroll to top
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes