http://www.greyhounds4u.co.uk/privacypolicy.html
Greyhounds 4 U
Call us now on: 0787 961 5471homing@greyhounds4u.co.ukSearch our website:
Home
News and Events
About G4U
The team
Our qualifications
Testimonials
About Greyhounds
Terms & Conditions of Adoption
De-training Greyhounds To Live With Cats
Frequently asked questions
10 Facts About Greyhounds
Diet and Nutrition for Greyhounds
Greyhound Homeopathy
Greyhound Flower Remedies
Greyhound Massage
Greyhounds and Muzzles
Help Us
Adopt a retired Greyhound
Fundraising for us
Foster a Greyhound
Make a donation
Shop
Contact us
Web links
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
This website - www.greyhounds4u.co.uk is owned and operated by Greyhounds 4U. Your privacy is very important to us. We have a legal duty under the Data Protection Act to prevent your information falling into the wrong hands. We must also ensure that the data we hold is accurate, adequate, relevant and not excessive. We have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. We may update this Policy at any time without notice to you. Please read the contents of this Policy carefully to understand how we will use the personal data that you provide to us.  How do we collect information? We may obtain personal information from you when you contact us, send or receive an email, make enquiries about a greyhound, arrange a home-check, adopt a greyhound, make a donation or otherwise provide us with personal information. All information collected is processed in accordance with our legal requirements concerning the protection of personal information including the Data Protection Act 1998. What information do we collect? The information we collect depends upon your reason for contacting us, but may include your full name, email address, postal address or telephone number  Do we use 'cookies'? Yes. Cookies are small snippets of data that a website sends to your browser for storage. You can read and/or delete cookies at any time and even set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. Why do we collect your information? We collect the information you provide to: respond to your enquiries;manage your home-check and adoption and communicate with you about these; andrecord any contact we have with you. How do we protect personal information?  We take the security of your information very seriously and have put appropriate measures in place to minimise the risk to your information.  These include: security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control;restricted access control, including use of passwords, to your information stored on our systems; andtaking measures to ensure the information provided is accurate, up-to-date and kept only for as long as is necessary for the purposes to which you have given consent. Links to third party websites If you access other websites via a link on our website, please ensure you read their Privacy Policy as they are independent from us and we have no control over how they manage personal information that is collected from their website.  This includes social media sites such as Facebook. Do we share your information? Greyhounds 4U will never sell, share or lend your details to any third party. When dealing with your personal information we will always comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 and any other applicable legislation. However, there are some circumstances where we may need to. For instance: sharing some of your details (such as name, address, telephone number(s) with home checkers to arrange a home check prior to adoption;if we are legally required to do so, e.g. court order, law enforcement agency pursuing an investigation; andif we believe it necessary to protect or defend our rights, property or the personal safety of our personnel or foster homes or website. Right of access You have the right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected.  You should apply in writing to: Greyhounds 4U Admin Office352 High StreetAldershotHampshireGU12 4LU  We reserve the right to charge a fee for providing the requested information (no more than the maximum amount stated by law for the time being). We aim to respond to all requests within 40 days of receipt.   Contact details If your personal details change, please help us to keep your information up to date by notifying us. If you have adopted a dog from us, this is a requirement under the terms of your Adoption Agreement. We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Terms & Conditions / Privacy Policy © Greyhounds 4U 2018Site map
Follow Greyhounds 4 U on Facebook
Site design - Emma's Planet