http://www.portsmouthscouts.co.uk/page/$UFV5CFW!/~/privacy-policy
Privacy Statement
We (The City of Portsmouth Scout Council) are committed to protecting and respecting our users' privacy. This Privacy Statement sets out our current data processing practices and should be read in conjunction with our Terms & Conditions. If you have any queries or concerns regarding these practices, you should contact us at the earliest opportunity.
1. The Information We Collect
The only circumstances in which we will provide any of your personal data to a third party for non commercial purposes are those contained in this Privacy Policy.
2. Registration Information
When you register with www.portsmouthscouts.co.uk, we ask for your name, Scout Membership Number, Group or Unit and email address. We do not capture your IP address at the time you register.
3. Sharing of Data
We may share data supplied by you (or collected about you) with other parts of The Scout Association.
4. Advertising
www.portsmouthscouts.co.uk may include interactive advertising for other organisations as part of the site operation. We may use, and provide to third parties, your contact details if you have given us permission to do so.
5. Legal Jurisdiction.
All personal information and details held on and processed by computers situated in the United Kingdom.
6. Further Information.
www.portsmouthscouts.co.uk will as part of its normal operation send out information emails. Members can opt out of these emails upon receiving the first one.
7. Disclosure of data by order of a Court and Security
We reserve the right to communicate a Member's personal information as we hold to third parties who are empowered by regulation, statute or order of a court.
We have security measures in place to protect our customer database. Access to this database is restricted internally. However, it remains each Member's responsibility:
to keep their password secret
to protect against unauthorised access to your personal details
to log off from the www.portsmouthscouts.co.uk service when not using it
to ensure against use by anyone else of the www.portsmouthscouts.co.uk service through the machine that member uses while they are "logged on"
to search and obtain only the data specifically required and allowed for relating to their role
8. The Data Protection Act
You can obtain further information about data protection laws by visiting the Information Commissioner's website at www.dataprotection.gov.uk.
9. Contacting www.portsmouthscouts.co.uk
If you want to raise any questions about this privacy statement, or any general matters relating to www.portsmouthscouts.co.uk, you can contact us using our online contact form.
10. Website Analytics
Visitors to this website who have javascript enabled are tracked using our Website Analytics. Our Website Analytics collects the following types of information from users:
Type of user agent (web browser) used, software manufacture and version number.
Type of operating system
Screen colors (color processing ability of the users screen)
Javascript support
Flash version
Screen resolution
Network location and IP address
Can include country, city, state, region, county, or any other geographic data.
Hostname
Bandwidth (internet connection speed)
Time of visit
Pages visited
Time spent on each page of the website
Referring site statistics
The website (URI) the user came through in order to arrive at this website (example: clicking on a hyperlink from Yahoo.com that took the user to this website)
Search engine query used (example: typing in a phrase into a search engine like Google, and clicking on a link from that search engine)
This data is only used to optimize our website for our visitors.
This data DOES NOT include any personalized identification information such as:
Names
Phone Numbers
Email Addresses
Mailing Addresses
Bank Account Numbers
Credit Card Information
11. Cookies
www.portsmouthscouts.co.uk uses small files known as "cookies" to enhance your use of the site. They have the following function:
To hold Members' login information. This option can be turned off by unchecking the 'remember my login details on this computer' on the Resources Login page.