http://www.toysfortots.org/about_toys_for_tots/privacy_policy/default.aspx
Marine Toys for Tots Foundation Privacy Policy
Updated August 12, 2019
Privacy Policy:
The Marine Toys for Tots Foundation takes very seriously and respects the privacy of personal information gathered from our supporters.
This privacy policy was created to show our commitment to full transparency in how we collect and disseminate information about our donors and website visitors and how you can opt-out if you so choose.
What Data We Collect:
Toys for Tots collects personal information supplied to us voluntarily by supporters, volunteers and visitors to our website.
Whether making a donation, responding to a mailer, or subscribing for news and updates, Toys for Tots asks you for personal contact information such as:
Your first and last name, home address, phone number, e-mail address, employment organization name.
Some financial Data may include credit card details and bank account info on donors to process a donation, but credit card and banking information is not maintained by Toys for Tots.
Technical data collected may include internet protocol address, browser type, operating system and platform, as well as other technology on the devises used to access this site.
Collected data may include your preferences in receiving marketing communications from us and our third-party partners.
Donor Information:
The Marine Toys for Tots Foundation maintains each donor’s name, mailing address and the amount and date of the donation.
If provided to the Foundation, telephone numbers, FAX numbers and email addresses are maintained as well.
No other information about donors is collected or maintained.
Toys for Tots DOES NOT collect any sensitive data about you such as race, ethnicity, religious beliefs, sexual orientation or political affiliations,
nor do we collect any information on your health or interactions with law enforcement.
How We Collect and Use Data:
Toys for Tots uses automated technologies and third-party vendors to provide services on this website as well as off-line activities.
Information that you submit on this website or in response to our mailings may be provided to our vendors on a confidential basis in order to provide services that include:
processing credit card transactions, maintaining our database, sending email messages and facilitating fundraising activities on our behalf.
Third-party sources contracted with Toys for Tots may collect information through a variety of methods:
Processing online donations through our website
Processing donations made in response to our mailings
Processing unsolicited donations made to a local Toys for Tots Campaign or directly to the Marine Toys for Tots Foundation
Uploading contact data into our database
On-Line Donations:
When making an online donation through our website, we ask for billing information such as billing address and credit card number.
We use secure servers to gather and process your billing information.
The servers and credit card transactions are hosted and performed by our agent, Salsa Labs,
who is PCI compliant and bound to Toys for Tots policies.
Your billing information is not shared with any other organization and your credit card number is not retained once your transaction has been completed.
Website Visitors:
When visiting our website, no personal data is collected. When you browse www.toysfortots.org,
technical data is collected through the use of automated technologies such as Google Analytics to maintain a tabulation of the number of visits, IP address, type of browser and operating system.
If a visitor to our website makes an online donation, we will collect and maintain a file of your name, address, amount and date of the donation.
This information is used to provide thank you and acknowledgment letters and for future communication with the donor.
This information IS NOT added to Toys for Tots’ direct mail donor file and IS NOT made available to any other organization.
This donor information is maintained and securely stored by Toys for Tots.
Use of E-mail Addresses:
When you donate to Toys for Tots, sign up for news & updates on our website, or share your story with us, you will be asked to provide your email address.
Through these emails, you may receive marketing communications from us.
E-mail addresses obtained through these sources are not sold, rented or exchanged to any third party.
Toys for Tots complies with the Federal Trade Commission’s CAN-SPAM Act.
All of our email messages contain a link to unsubscribe from Toys for Tots emails.
If you do not wish us to contact you via email, you can choose to unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of any email received and manage subscriptions or write to
Marine Toys for Tots Foundation to opt out of receiving solicitations and news updates (see How to Opt-Out procedures below).
Direct Mail:
The Marine Toys for Tots Foundation employs an annual direct mail campaign to provide information and solicit support for our program.
The names of donors who contribute through the Foundation’s direct mail program are used for donor renewal mailings as part of the annual direct mail campaign and to forward thank you / tax letters.
No donation history is made available to any party outside the Foundation other than to our contracted third-party vendor who manages our direct mail campaign.
From time to time, Toys for Tots will rent or exchange names and email addresses of our direct mail donors with other trusted IRS recognized charities in exchange
for an equal number of names and addresses of that charity’s donors.
Since our mission is to help underprivileged children and concurrently educate the public about our programs,
it is necessary to raise funds to support these endeavors.
The direct mail acquisition exchange process is an essential element of our program and we have found this to be the
most cost-effective method of reaching additional new supporters while keeping expenses as low as possible.
We place an “opt Out” option in our May and October mailings.
Donors who select the “Opt Out” option are identified in our files and suppressed from future mailings.
You may also choose to opt out of mailings as well as request your name be removed from a rental or exchange
list by writing to us at: Marine Toys for Tots Foundation, 18251 Quantico Gateway Drive, Triangle, VA 22172.
Cookies:
When you visit www.toysfortots.org, we may store some information on your computer in the form of a “cookie”.
These small pieces of data may store information on your browser in your computer’s hard drive to remind us who you are as well as your preference for our website based on what you have done and told us before.
Cookies let us track your usage of our website allowing us to know which parts of our site are most popular.
No personal or financial information is ever captured or stored.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies.
How We Protect Your Data:
We have added appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way.
We limit access to your data to those employees and third-party contractors to only those with a business need.
They will only process your personal data on our
instructions and are subject to confidentiality agreements.
Information on our donors is maintained and securely stored by a contracted third-party, Data Management, Inc whose central computer facilities are secured at all times
with access limited to computer operators.
Data access through the web is secured by multiple hardware and software firewalls.
Transmission of the data is via Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
Information about Toys for Tots supporters who forward donations directly to the Foundation is maintained and securely stored by the Foundation.
The Foundation server is in a secure location with restricted access and protected behind our network firewall.
Third-Party Links: This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications.
Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third-parties to collect or share data about you.
We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
When you leave our website, we recommend you read the privacy policy notice of each website you visit.
How to Opt-Out:
If you wish to opt-out of receiving future communications or to limit your information being shared by any of the methods described above,
please contact the Marine Toys for Tots Foundation at the below contact info:
U.S. Mail:
Marine Toys for Tots Foundation
18251 Quantico Gateway Dr
Triangle, VA 22172
Telephone: (703) 640-9433
E-mail: optout@toysfortots.org
Changes to Policy:
We reserve the right to change this policy from time to time.
When we do, we will note the last update at the top of this policy.
MENU
Home
Ways to Donate
Request a Toy
Donate a Toy
Find Your Local Campaign
About Toys for Tots
Corporate Sponsors
Donate Now