https://www.yachtcharter-connection.com/data-privacy-cookies/
Languages
EnglishDeutschEspañol
About Us
Data Privacy
Home / Data Privacy
Introduction
This is the privacy policy of Yachtcharter-Connection in Palmanova, Majorca, Spain.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time by publishing the amended version on our websites.
This privacy policy applies to personal information we hold about individuals. It does not apply to information we hold about companies and other organisations.
We take the privacy of your personal information very seriously and will only use your personal information in accordance with the current data protection law in Spain and this privacy policy.
Yachtcharter-Connection complies with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). The GDPR requires that we take particular measures to protect the personal data of E.U. residents. If there is any conflict between the policies in this policy and GDPR, the GDPR principles shall govern.
How do we receive your information?
We may receive information about you when you contact us directly, normally via our website or our Customer Service teams, whether to apply for one of our products or services or to make an enquiry or other request.
Using your information
We will use your information (which we receive from you or third parties) for a variety of purposes, including:
– to provide or manage any information, products and services for which you have requested,
– to help us identify you when you contact us,
– for general administration purposes,
– to help us improve the quality of our products and services,
– to help us detect and prevent fraud and money laundering,
– to help us recover debts,
– to carry out analysis and customer profiling, and
– to identify other products and services which might be of interest to you.
We do not share your data with any third parties, with the exception of:
– when we have been asked to provide information for legal or regulatory purposes,
– when we are progressing existing or future legal proceedings,
– when we are preventing fraud/loss.
If one of these organisations is outside of the European Economic Area we will make sure they agree to apply the same level of protection of your information as we are required to apply in Spain.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
• Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
• Keep track of advertisements.
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled. It won’t affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Informing you about our products and services
We may use your information to contact you with news on products and services, which may be of interest to you and occasionally for market research purposes.
We may contact you by post and phone and, if you give us your prior agreement to do so, by email, SMS and other electronic means.
You can opt out from receiving marketing communications from us by calling us or by writing to us.
We will only send you marketing communications by email or other electronic means if you give us your agreement to do so. For example, we may inform you that when providing your email address you will be indicating your agreement to receive marketing emails. If you give us your agreement and subsequently wish to opt out you can do so by clicking the unsubscribe link which we include on all our marketing emails or you can contact us at any time at the address or telephone number above.
Our website
We try to keep our website secure. However we ask you to recognise that when providing your information to us through our website or when you send us or ask us to send you any of your confidential information by email, that the internet and email communications over the internet may not be secure. We cannot be responsible for any loss or unauthorised interception of information transmitted via the internet which is beyond our control.
Our website may contain links to other websites. Our privacy policy only applies to our website. We are not responsible for the content, privacy or security of other websites.
Providing information to us
If you give us information on behalf of someone else, you confirm to us that you have their permission to do so and that they are aware of the contents of this privacy policy and do not have any objection to our processing their information in accordance with this policy.
You are responsible for informing us of any change in your details, such as a change of address. You have a right to ask us to correct any inaccuracies in the information we hold about you.
You have a right to ask what information we hold about you.
You may contact us at the address below for these purposes.
Google Fonts
We use Google fonts to make our website faster and more responsive. Google Fonts is an unauthenticated service. No cookies are sent by website visitors to Google Fonts. In order to serve fonts as quickly and efficiently as possible with the fewest requests, Google caches all requests made to its servers so that your browser only contacts Google Fonts when it needs to. The result is that website visitors send very few requests to Google. Google does log records of the font file requests, and access to this data is on a need-to-know basis and kept secure. Google Fonts also keeps aggregated usage numbers to track how popular font families are.
Rights of European Union Residents
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), you have the right to request a copy of your personal data stored at Yachtcharter-Connection or at Yachtcharter-Connection contractors (Article 15 GDPR). We kindly ask you to send such requests in written form stating your name, address and phone number, so that we can confirm your identity. You also have the right to request corrections (Article 16 GDPR) or deletion (Article 17 GDPR) of your personal data stored at Yachtcharter-Connection. You may email the Data Protection Officer of Yachtcharter-Connection under:
info@yachtcharter-connection.com
If a European Union resident is dissatisfied with the handling of your personal data by Yachtcharter-Connection, you have the right to object to processing of your personal data at any time (Article 21 GDPR). You may send your concern about the processing of your personal data to the Data Protection Officer of Yachtcharter-Connection under the email address given above. We kindly ask you to send such concerns (or objection) in written form stating your name, address and phone number, so that we can confirm your identity.
Many thanks.
Copyright: Abogado24, Tecnología.legal
Follow us on:
Legal Advice
Site Map
Data Privacy
Links
Contact:
Tel: +34 - 627 207 691
Skype: yachtcharter-connection
info@yachtcharter-connection.com
Service-Hotlines:
+ 49 - 172 8406 412
+ 44 - 20 8133 4839
More charter websites powered by Yachtcharter-Connection:
Premium Yachtcharter – Luxury Yacht Charters by YCC
Yachtcharternet
Yachtcharter-ConnectionThe best yacht for your vacation aboard
YCC
© 2019 Yachtcharter - Connection. All rights reserved