http://www.duttongoldfield.com/privacy-policy/
Our 2020 Holiday Newsletter with specials for the season is here! Click to read.
Wines sourced from the Russian River Valley and beyond
Link
Shop our Holiday 2020 Gift Packages
Link
Visit our Russian River Valley tasting room
Link
Broad portfolio of Pinot Noir and Chardonnay from the bright to the bold
Link
Get to know our single-vineyard sites for our Russian River Valley wines
Link
Previous
Next
Privacy & Shipping Policy
SHIPPING POLICY
Please allow 7 to 10 business days from the time your order is placed for shipping and delivery. Due to State laws, we are only able to ship wine direct to States which allow direct shipments of wine to consumers from California. As the list of allowable states is constantly changing, please contact us at 707.823.3887 or via email at info@duttongoldfield.com.
RETURN POLICY
Unfortunately we cannot accept returned wine once it has been shipped. If you should have any problems, or are wishing to return non-wine items, please call us directly at 707.823.3887.
PRIVACY POLICY
At Dutton-Goldfield Winery, we are committed to protecting your privacy. The following statement describes the information gathering and usage practices of Dutton-Goldfield Winery.1. Dutton-Goldfield Winery will not share, rent or sell your personal information to any non-affiliated organization or company without your consent. However, we may disclose your personal information under limited circumstances if we conclude that we are required by law or have a good faith belief that access, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Dutton-Goldfield Winery, its customers or the public.2. When you register, place an order or provide your personal information to us for any other business purpose, we may collect your name, address, email address, phone number and credit card information.
We may also request additional information. We use this information to process your requests and to communicate with you about your orders. From time to time, we may use your name and contact information to notify you of changes to the web site, new releases, special offers and events we think you'll find valuable. To prevent receiving this information via any medium, please email info@duttongoldfield.com with all the names, addresses and emails you'd like removed from our mailing list.
3. All customer data we collect is stored on a secured server to protect against unauthorized access.
4. Dutton-Goldfield Winery will track visits to the pages and links on our websites so we can make decisions about the design and usage of the website. While we may choose to share aggregate information on consumer behavior to third parties, none of these statistics contain personally identifying information.
5. By using our website, you consent to the policies described in this privacy statement. The provisions of this policy are subject to change. Dutton-Goldfield Winery will post changes to this privacy policy on this page.