http://www.madabout-kitcars.com/kitcar/terms.php
"We've Got Kit Cars Covered"
Search Madabout
Manufacturers
Kit Cars
Kit Car Data sheets
Picture Gallery
SVA Knowledgebase
Clubs & Communities
Build cost estimator
Kit cars for sale
Knowledge Base
KitcarUSA.com
Classic-Kitcars.com
Copyright
All rights, including copyright and database right, in madabout-kitcars.com's
website and its contents, are owned by or licensed to madabout-kitcars.com,
or otherwise used by madabout-kitcars.com as permitted by applicable
law.
In accessing madabout-kitcars.com's webpages, you agree that
you will access the contents solely for your own private use
but not for any commercial or public use. You can download and
use the service on a single workstation/personal computer at
a time and you can print out a single hard copy of any part
of the content on madabout-kitcars.com's website for your personal
use.
Except as permitted above, you undertake not to copy, store
in any medium (including in any other website), distribute,
transmit, re-transmit, broadcast, modify, or show in public
any part of madabout-kitcars.com's website without the prior
written permission of madabout-kitcars.com or in accordance
with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
Terms and Conditions
Access to and use of this site is provided by madabout-kitcars.com
subject to the following Terms and Conditions.
Use of this site constitutes your acceptance of these terms
and conditions which take effect on the date which you first
use the site. Madabout-kitcars.com reserves the right to change
these terms and conditions at any time by posting changes online.
You are responsible for reviewing regularly information posted
online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued
use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance
of this agreement as modified by the posted changes.
Material may not be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded,
posted, broadcast or transmitted in any way except for your
own personal non-commercial home use. Any other use requires
the prior written permission of madabout-kitcars.com. You agree
not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any of
the material contained in this site or use it for any other
purpose other than for your personal non-commercial use. You
agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner
which does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit
the use and enjoyment of this site by any third party. Such
restriction or inhibition includes, without limitation, conduct
which is unlawful, or which may harass or cause distress or
inconvenience to any person and the transmission of obscene
or offensive content or disruption of normal flow of dialogue
within this site.
This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos
and icons regarding or relating to madabout-kitcars.com, its
products and services (or to third party products and services),
is provided "AS IS" and on an "IS AVAILABLE"
basis without any representation or endorsement made and without
warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but
not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality,
fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility,
security and accuracy. In no event will madabout-kitcars.com
be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect
or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising
from use or loss of use, data, or profits, whether in action
of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out
of or in connection with the use of the site. Madabout-kitcars.com
does not warrant that the functions contained in the material
contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free,
that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server
that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents
the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of the materials.
The names, images and logos identifying madabout-kitcars.com,
or third parties and their products and services are proprietary
marks of Madabout-kitcars.com and/or third parties. Nothing
contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication,
estoppel or otherwise any licence or right under any trade mark
or patent of madabout-kitcars.com, or any other third party.
Where you are invited to submit any contribution to this site
(including without limitation any text, graphics, video or audio)
you are required by such submission to grant madabout-kitcars.com
a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicenseable right
and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate,
create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, and
exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to
any such work worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works
in any media now known or later developed for the full term
of any rights that may exist in such content, consistent with
privacy restrictions set forth in madabout-kitcars.com's
Privacy
Policy.
If you do not wish to grant such rights to madabout-kitcars.com,
it is suggested that you do not submit your contribution to
this site. By submitting your contribution to this site, you
also:
·
Warrant
that such contribution is your own original work and that you
have the right to make it available to madabout-kitcars.com
for all the purposes specified above;
·
Indemnify
madabout-kitcars.com against all legal fees, damages and other
expenses that may be incurred by madabout-kitcars.com as a result
of your breach of the above warranty; and
·
Agree
to waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes
of its submission to and publication on madabout-kitcars.com
site and the other purposes specified above.
If there is any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and/or
specific terms appearing elsewhere on this site relating to specific
material then the latter shall prevail.
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be
illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws
of any state or country in which these Terms and Conditions are
intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction
which that Term or Condition is illegal, invalid or unenforceable,
it shall be severed and deleted from this clause and the remaining
terms and conditions shall survive, remain in full force and effect
and continue to be binding and enforceable.
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Disputes arising
here from shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of
the courts of England and Wales.
If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, you do
not have permission to access the contents of this website and
therefore should cease using this website immediately.
copyright
© madabout-kitcars.com
2000-2020
terms and conditions
| privacy
policy