http://www.saxperience.com/privacy.asp
Citroën:
Citroën Trader
|
Saxo Trader
|
C2 Trader
Peugeot:
Peugeot Trader
|
106 Trader
Enthusiast:
Saxperience
» Saxperience Home
» Premium
» E-Garage
» Events
» Saxperience Articles
» FAQs
» Multimedia
» Saxo Links
» Community
» Contact us
» Saxo Forums
» Online Shop
Saxperience Privacy Statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy
Saxperience is committed to protecting your privacy. This Saxperience Privacy Statement applies to the Saxperience Web site and governs data collection and usage.Saxperience is an adult audience web site, intended for users over the age of 13. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Privacy Statement. Collection of your Personal Information
Saxperience collects personal information, such as your e-mail address and name. Saxperience may also collect demographic information, such as your age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.If you choose to sign up for a paid subscription service (such as Saxperience Premium Membership), we will collect additional personal information, including your credit card number and billing address, in order to create a Saxperience billing account.Any information you choose to enter in your public profile may be visible to other users of the Saxperience Web site; and when you interact with other users (for example, posting a message onto the Saxperience discussion forums), a link to your public profile may be displayed. Saxperience urges you to be careful only to enter information on your public profile that you are comfortable sharing with the public at large. You may change, edit or delete information about yourself from your public profile, whilst your acoount is 'active'.Saxperience also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Saxperience for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of Saxperience.Saxperience keeps track of the pages our customers visit within Saxperience, in order to determine what Saxperience services are the most popular.Saxperience encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Saxperience so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Saxperience is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Saxperience Web site.Use of your Personal Information
Saxperience and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to operate Saxperience and deliver the services you have requested. Saxperience does not use or disclose any personal information without your explicit consent.Saxperience does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Saxperience may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (email, name, address) is not transferred to the third party. Saxperience may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Saxperience or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Saxperience, including its Web site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Saxperience services or members of the public.Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United Kingdom or any other country in which Saxperience or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.Security of your Personal Information
Saxperience is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, that are located in controlled facilities.Collection and Use of Children's Personal Information
Saxperience is intended only for users over the age of 13. Please note that if you grant consent for your child to use the Saxperience Web site, your child will be able to communicate with other users of all ages.Use of Cookies
Saxperience uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalise Saxperience's pages, or register with the Saxperience Web site, a cookie helps Saxperience to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as email address, home addresses, and so on. When you return to Saxperience, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Saxperience features.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Saxperience Web site. Use of Web Beacons
Saxperience Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs - that allow Saxperience to count users who have visited those pages. Saxperience may include web beacons in promotional email messages or Saxperience Newsletters in order to count how many messages have been opened and acted upon. Web beacons are not used to access your personal information on the Saxperience Web site; they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about Saxperience Web site usage.Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides.Enforcement of this Privacy Statement
If you have questions regarding this statement, you should contact Saxperience via email.Changes to this Statement
Saxperience will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect visitor feedback. Saxperience encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Saxperience is protecting your information.
Author: Mark
Updated: 07 November 2003
Welcome Guest
Sign in  Register Send password
Our newest member is Ashleywiththegreensaxo
There are 142633 registered members
Latest articles from Mark
What is Saxperience?
Saxperience Web Site Terms of Use and Notices
Site updates
Saxperience Home
Premium
E-Garage
Saxo Events
Blogs
Articles
Saxo Forums
Multimedia
Links
Community
Copyright © 2001-2020 Simon Robinson. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use. Privacy Statement.
Hosted and supported by Mark Robinson
Server time: 11 December 2020 07:34:18Ex: 0.083s  Tx: 15Saxperience v3.6