http://www.coincommunity.com/privacy.asp
Home > Privacy Policy / Terms of Use
Privacy Policy / Terms of Use
This privacy policy deals with personally-identifiable information (referred to as "data" below) that may be collected by Coin Community. This policy does not apply to other entities that are not owned or controlled by Coin Community, nor does it apply to persons that are not employees or agents of Coin Community, or that are not under Coin Community's control.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, we make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser. Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense, eBay, Commission Junction,
Amazon, and VigLink among others. Some or all of the links to these sites may result in commissions being generated for Coin Community. The parties providing the advertising do not have access to this site's cookies. These parties usually use non-personally-identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Coin Community send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Coin Community's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Editing or Deleting your Account Information
You are provided with the ability to edit the information stored for your user account information during registration, by visiting your user account profile. You can request that your user account be deactivated; to do so, please contact the site administrator. Content or other data that you may have provided, such as articles published, forum posts, or images uploaded may continue to remain on the site at Coin Community's discretion, even after your user account is deactivated.
No Guarantees
While this privacy policy states standards for maintenance of data, and while efforts will be made to meet the said standards, Coin Community is not in a position to guarantee compliance with these standards. There may be factors beyond the site editor's control that may result in disclosure of data. Consequently, Coin Community offers no warranties or representations as regards maintenance or non-disclosure of data.
Forbidden: Site Rippers, Mass Downloaders, Offline Browsers
Visitors may not, under any circumstances, use site rippers, offline browsers, site downloaders, or automated software to access or download anything from Coin Community. It is forbidden to save entire pages to download the graphics, presets, or other materials from Coin Community.
Note: Anyone using these types of software will be banned indefinitely from Coin Community and potentially from all sites owned or managed by Coin Community.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
Each party agrees that any suit, action or proceeding brought by such party against the other in connection with or arising from the Terms of Service ("Judicial Action") shall be governed by the law of the state of residence of the registered Administrative Contact (the "Admin State") for the Web site as such laws are applied to agreements between Admin State residents entered into and performed entirely within the Admin State. You consent to the jurisdiction of federal and state courts within the Admin State. You consent to the venue in any action brought against him in connection with breaches of these Terms of Service. You consent to electronic service of process regarding actions under the above agreement.
Disclaimer: While a tremendous amount of effort goes into ensuring the accuracy of the information contained in this site, Coin Community assumes no liability for errors. Copyright 2005 - 2020 Coin Community Family- all rights reserved worldwide. Use of any images or content on this website without prior written permission of Coin Community or the original lender is strictly prohibited.
Contact Us  |  Advertise Here  |  Privacy Policy / Terms of Use
Search Coin Community
CCF Social Media
General
Stamp Forum
Coin Forum
Mints
Spot Prices
Numismatic Search Engine
Numismatic Glossary
Numismatic Articles
Numismatic Event Calendar
Numismatic People
Appraising A Coin Collection
Advertise Here
CCF Partners
eBay
Amazon
MA-Shops
US Coins & Currency
US Coin Facts
US Mint Sets
US Proof Sets
US Pattern Coins
US Coin Grading
US Coin History
US Classic Commemorative Facts
US Paper Money Facts
Australian Coins
Perth Mint NCLT Mintages
Perth Mint Coin Programs
Perth Mint Latest Releases
Canadian Coins
Canadian Coin Facts
Canadian Coin Grading
Canadian Commemoratives
Be a Site Supporter
eBay Coin Shopping
Search CCF Members
eBay Tools
eBay Coin Search Engine
eBay Coin Categories
All eBay Categories
eBay / CCF Member List
eBay / CCF Member Sales
Popular Items
Error Coins
US Error Coins
US Cheap Coins
US Hot Coins
US Most Watched Coins
Aussie Cheap Coins
Aussie Hot Coins
Aussie Most Watched Coins
Canadian Cheap Coins
Canadian Hot Coins
Canadian Most Watched Coins
Ancient Cheap Coins
Ancient Hot Coins
Ancient Most Watched Coins
World Cheap Coins
World Hot Coins
World Most Watched Coins
eBay Coins By Type
eBay Coins By Year
Be a Site Supporter