http://www.carnival.com/about-carnival/legal-notice.aspx?icid=CC_Footer_83
Skip to Main Content
HomeLegal Notice
Share
Print
Legal Notice
Pause animation button
LegalNotice
Privacy &Cookies
Ad ChoicePolicy
Cruise TicketContract Terms
PassengerBill of Rights
Terms &Conditions
Mobile ApplicationTerms & Conditions
SMS Terms& Conditions
Copyright &Trademarks
LEGAL NOTICE
There is nothing more important to us than the safety of our guests. Comprehensive, fleet-wide security practices
have been in place for many years, which include the reporting of alleged crimes to the FBI. However, as a
result of the Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010, statistics for cruise ship crime allegations will
now be posted on the internet for public viewing. Public reporting requirements, mandated by this law, are
unique to the cruise industry and similar requirements do not exist for other travel suppliers such as airlines,
hotels and theme parks.
The statistics, cited within the U.S. Coast Guard's web site, represent crime allegations in different categories
occurring on cruise ships sailing from North America, which must be reported in accordance to the Cruise Vessel
Security and Safety Act of 2010.
It is worth noting that these alleged incidents are no longer under investigation by the FBI and may have been
reported without sufficient evidence. Additionally, it is most important to put these statistics within proper
context so that everyone can understand that the incidence of crime on board is very small given the large
number of guests we carry.
A Carnival cruise remains one of the safest vacation options available.
Incident Reporting Statistics Site
CARNIVAL PRIVACY SUMMARY
Effective Date: January 01, 2020
Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival,” “we,”
“our,” or “us”) is a division of Carnival Corporation
& plc. We recognize that your privacy is important. Your choice to share information with us is an import part
of how we provide a world-class travel experience. We’ve developed this Privacy Summary to give you a quick
understanding of how and why we collect, use, and share your information both online and in the real world.
If you want more information, you can read the full version of the Carnival Privacy Notice.
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
We collect many categories of personal information. The categories we collect may include: Contact and profile
information; comments and suggestions, chat and opinions; Payment and transaction information; Location
information; Information provided by social networks; Information provided by third parties; Information about
fraudulent or criminal activity related to your account.
This information is collected from you in many ways, which are described in the full Notice. A few examples include:
WHEN YOU PROVIDE PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US. We collect personal information about
you when you register for an account, make a purchase, sign up for marketing communications, participate in
an offer, or send it to us.
WHILE YOU ARE ON YOUR VACATION. We collect personal information about you when you
choose to use our or our third-party partners’ Services, including amenities, excursions, casinos, and
otherwise through photo and video footage of our ships.
WHEN YOU USE OUR ONLINE SERVICES. We collect some personal information about you
automatically as you use our Service and during your vacation.
FROM THIRD-PARTY SOURCES. We may also collect personal information from our
third-party partners who help us to provide the Service or from other third- party partners to supplement or
enhance our information.
We use personal information to facilitate your vacation and our other Services, to fulfill your requests,
process transactions and contact you; to send you personalized advertising and promotional content and
materials; to analyze and improve our Services and our business; and for other reasons described more fully in
our Privacy Notice below.
To learn more about the information we collect and how we use it, see our full Privacy Notice.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We share information in a variety of circumstances to provide our services, respond to your requests, improve
your experience, and otherwise conduct our business. For example, we may share information:
With our affiliates and companies in the Carnival Corporation& plc family of companies, who may use
your information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Notice.
With travel partners and providers, such as travel agencies, airlines, and excursion operators to
facilitate your travel experience.
With third party partners and service providers to facilitate our Services, fulfil your orders or
requests, when you choose to share your activities on Carnival with your friends and contacts, or when you
engage in promotional activities we provide with third party partners.
With select third parties, so that they can provide you with information and marketing messages about
products and services you may enjoy.
In connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale, reorganization, financing, or in
the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceeding.
Where we believe such disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or health of
our guests, family members or others or support the health and wellbeing of our guests and their families.
As required by law or subpoena where necessary to comply with law and law enforcement, to enforce our
Terms, to protect the
security or integrity of our Services, and to exercise or protect the rights, property, and safety of us and
other third-parties. To learn more about these and other ways in which we may share your personal
information, please see our full
Notice.
CHOICES ABOUT YOUR
INFORMATION
We want you to understand your choices regarding how we may process your personal information. Depending on how
you use the Service, these choices may include the following:
ABOUT OUR ADS. We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party
advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. To learn more
about our advertising practices and your choices relating to advertising, please see the About Our Ads section for more
information.
PROFILE ACCESS & SHARING SETTINGS. You may access and update your profile
information, such as your user name, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data
sharing preferences on your account page.
DEVICE SETTINGS. If you would like to update your device access permissions, such as
permissions to access your geolocation, camera or address book, you can do so in the "Settings" app on your
mobile device.
PROMOTIONAL MESSAGES. You can stop receiving promotional email communications from
us by following the "unsubscribe" instructions provided in such communications. We make every effort to
promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may still receive Service-related communications, including
account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and
technical and security notices.
Please be sure to check the full Privacy Notice for more information about your choices.
REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of
personal information about residents of certain countries, regions or states. Please refer below for disclosures
that may be applicable to you:
– If you are a resident of the State of California in the United States, please visit the California-specific
privacy rights section for more information.
– If you are a resident of the State of Nevada in the United States, please visit the Nevada-specific
privacy
rights section for more information.
– If you are located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), please visit the EEA-specific
privacy rights section for more information.
QUESTIONS?
For more questions about our Privacy Notice, please feel free to email us at dpo@carnival.com.
Top
CARNIVAL.COM PRIVACY NOTICE
Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival”,” “we,” “our,” or
“us”) is a division of Carnival Corporation & plc. We recognize that your privacy is important.
Your choice to share information with us is an important part of how we provide a world-class travel experience.
We’ve developed this Privacy Notice to explain how your personal information is collected, used, stored,
processed, transferred and disclosed by Carnival, both online and in the real world.
Our Services. This Privacy Notice applies to our websites and applications, including
but not limited to, carnival.com and the Hub app (collectively, our “Sites”) and any other
website, mobile application, or other online service that links to this Notice as well as to your interactions
with us before, during and after one of our vacation experiences (collectively with our Sites, our
“Services”).
Please note that this privacy notice does not apply to our processing of information about employees, crew,
contractors or our vendor contacts.
By providing us with your personal information or otherwise using our Services, you acknowledge that you have
read, understood and agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice and our Terms of
Service.
Click on the links below to jump to each section:
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
TSA SECURE FLIGHT NOTICE
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
QUESTION? COMMENTS? CONTACT US
Top
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
We collect personal information in various ways, for example, when you visit our online sites and services, book
travel, create an account, enjoy our vacation experiences while on a voyage, communicate with us or otherwise
engage with our Services. All of the information collected through our Services may be combined to provide a
seamless, personalized experience, regardless of how you interact with us.
The categories of personal information we collect can include:
Personal identifiers such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone
number,
date of birth or similar identifiers.
Customer records such as your identification documents, payment information
(credit or
debit card or other financial information).
Commercial information such as your travel history, account data, participation in
a
loyalty or rewards program, or information about the products or services purchased or considered.
Health or medical information such as accessibility information, care in one of
our
ship board clinics, medications, allergies or other medical accommodation needs.
Sensory information such as photos and videos of you and audio recordings of phone
calls between you and us, where permitted by law.
Preferences you provide to us or generated through your use of the Services,
including
inferences we may make based on our experience with you.
Internet, network and device information from the browser or device you use to
access
our Services, which could include your IP address, device ID, cookie identifiers, browser type, internet
service
provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and or clickstream data.
Geolocation data including precise geolocation data from your browser or device or
inferred based on your IP address.
Professional information if you submit a job application or in connection with
your
role as a travel partner or agent.
Keep reading to learn more about how we collect personal information you provide to us directly, information we
collect through your use of the Services or your travel experience, and information we receive through third
parties, and the purposes for which we use your information.
A. When You Provide Personal Information to Us.
REGISTRATION & PROFILE. If you register for an account
through our Services or complete your traveler profile, we collect your personal identifiers, customer
records,
commercial information and, if you provide it, information about health or medical conditions. We use this
information to create and administer your account, provide you with the relevant Services and information,
communicate with you regarding your account and your use of the Services, provide rewards and loyalty
program
perks, for customer support purposes, and to send you marketing communications by email, push notification,
or
by text message, in accordance with your preferences.
TRAVEL BOOKINGS & ORDERS. If you book travel with us or
order additional products or Services, we collect a variety of information, including your personal
identifiers,
customer records, commercial information and, if you provide it, information about health or medical
conditions,
as well as any other information you choose to provide to us. We use this information to process your
transaction, complete and ship your purchase, book and confirm your travel itinerary, communicate with you
and
those travelling with you about your itinerary and to administer the Services.
INQUIRIES & COMMUNICATIONS. If you communicate with us or
other guests through any paper or electronic form to request an itinerary, deck plan, brochure, ebrochure or
video, or to otherwise inquire or communicate with us or other guests, we collect your personal identifiers,
commercial information, and any other personal information you choose to provide in the content of your
message.
We use this information to investigate and respond to your inquiries, to facilitate communication with us
and
the other guests, to provide you with requested information, to enhance the services we offer to our guests,
and
to manage and grow our business. If you represent a company or agency interested in partnering with us, we
will
also collect your professional and employment information in order to respond to your inquiries, communicate
with you, to manage and grow our organization and to facilitate a business relationship.
SURVEYS & SWEEPSTAKES. If you choose to take advantage of a
promotion, respond to a survey, or enter a contest or sweepstakes, we collect your personal identifiers,
customer records and any other personal information you are requested to provide at the time, or choose to
provide to us. We use this information to administer and facilitate the Services, to respond to your
submission,
to communicate with you, to conduct market research, inform our marketing and advertising activities and
improve
and grow our business.
DEVICE CONTENT (CONTACTS AND PHOTOS). With your permission,
we will collect content from the device you use to access our online Services, such as photos from your
device
camera roll and camera and the contacts from your address book. We use this information to take your
security
photo, to share photos and video you take during your vacation or to communicate with your contacts. For
more
information on how to withdraw your permission, please see the Choices About Your
Information section below.
You may provide personal information for yourself and those traveling with you. By providing us with the travel
or contact information of any third party, you confirm that you have the authority to do so on their behalf and
have provided them with the information set out in this Privacy Notice. The personal information of each person
whose personal information is linked to the same travel itinerary may be accessible by all others included in
that same itinerary.
B. While You Are On Your Vacation.
When you take part in the Services aboard one of our ships or at one of our properties, we collect information
about your visit, including information about your interactions with our staff, programming and with the
technology-enhanced features of our ships and hotels.
There are a few different types of vacation experiences where we may collect and use your information:
AMENITIES, EXCURSIONS & ADD-ON SERVICES. If you choose to
take advantage of our amenities or enhance your vacation with on-board purchases of goods or Services, we
collect your personal identifiers, customer records, and commercial information. Depending on the Service,
we
may also need to collect information about your health or medical conditions. We use this information to
process
your transaction, book and administer your Services, to communicate with you and those travelling with you
about
your Services, and to inform our advertising and marketing activities. Where the Services are provided by
third-party companies, we will use your information to coordinate and facilitate their provision of the
Service.
INCIDENTS. If, while traveling with us, you suffer a
personal injury, submit a claim about a personal injury, or are otherwise involved in an incident, we
collect we
collect your personal identifiers, health or medical information and details about the incident. We use this
information to attend to your medical and safety needs, maintain records of incidents, facilitate
investigations
and remedies, to protect our rights and the rights of our guests, for security purposes, to prevent fraud,
and
to improve our Services.
PHOTO & VIDEO FOOTAGE. We collect a security photo at or
before you board our ships. We operate closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras on board our ships,
including at
all access points and throughout the public areas. These CCTV cameras record continually and
images
of you may appear in these recordings ("CCTV images"). Photographers and camera crews
take
photographs and make films for guests to purchase at the end of their vacation or for our own promotional
use.
They are happy to take reasonable steps to avoid filming or photographing you where you indicate to the
person
with the camera that this is your preference , but we are unable to guarantee that your images will not be
included on an incidental basis. We use this information for our own promotional purposes, to maintain
records
of incidents, facilitate investigations and remedies, to protect our rights and the rights of our guests,
for
security purposes, to prevent fraud, and to improve our Services. We may apply facial recognition technology
to
your security photo to enable embarkation, debarkation, at entry and exit of the vessel at ports of call. We
may
also use facial recognition to. link the pictures taken by onboard photographers to you for ease of ordering
and
to reduce paper waste. After sailing, you will still be able to access photos via our connection with a
third
party service. We delete facial biometric identifiers promptly following completion of the voyage though we
may
retain any photos that have been identified and linked to a guest account for up to two (2) years to enable
guest access and purchase of photos and photo memorabilia after the end of the voyage.
CASINO. If you choose to play at one of our guest casino
Services during your travels, including through available guest casino Sites, we may collect your personal
identifiers, customer records and commercial information. We also collect information about your gaming
activity, such as the games you play, duration of play, results of play, total amount wagered, and amount of
winnings. We may use this information to maintain a win/loss statement, conduct credit checks, process lines
of
credit, to operate and maintain the Services, to validate your identity and age, to comply with our legal
obligations, to prevent fraud, to provide you with promotions and offers during your vacation and for future
travel, to inform our marketing and advertising activities, and to communicate directly with you.
C. When You Use Our Online Services.
When you visit our Sites or use our Services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a computer or
mobile device, we and our third party partners automatically collect information about how you access and use
the Service and information about the device you use to access the Service.
We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash
objects, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively,
“tracking technologies”). Information we collect automatically about you may be combined with
other personal information we collect directly.
Specifically, we and our third party partners may use tracking technologies to automatically collect commercial
information, preferences, and internet, network and device information, including:
Information about how you access the Service, such as the
site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our Sites, how frequently you
access
the Service, when and whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the
Service from multiple devices and other actions you take on the Service.
Information about how you use the Service, such as the pages
you visit, the links you click, the ads you view and click on, purchase information and your checkout
process,
your location when you access or interact with our Service, and other similar actions.
Information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other device
you use, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type,
device
type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely
identify
your browser, mobile device or your account (including, e.g., a persistent device identifier or an Ad ID),
and
other such information.
Analytics information. We may collect analytics data, or use
third party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand
more about the demographics and behaviors of our users.
This information allows us to improve your customer experience. For example, we may use this information to
enhance and personalize your user experience, to monitor and improve our Sites and Services, and for other
internal purposes. We may also use this information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to
re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Sites; (b) provide custom, personalized content,
and information; (c) identify and contact you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness
of our Service; (e) perform analytics and detect usage patterns on our Service; (f) diagnose or fix technology
problems; (g) detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities, and (h) otherwise to plan for and enhance our
Service.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to
notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing
cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. For more information on how to block, delete
and/or disable tracking technologies, access the “help” menu on your internet browser, or access the About Cookies website.
Please note, however, that disabling
our cookies may mean that you will not be able to take full advantage of our Services.
Deleting cookies or controlling cookies through browser settings does not delete non-cookie tracking
technologies such as Flash objects and HTMP5 Local Storage Objects (LSOs). To manage Flash cookie settings and
preferences, you must use the settings manager on Adobe's website.
If you choose to delete Flash
objects from our Service, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Service or benefit from
the information and services offered.
We and our third party partners may collect information through tracking technologies for personalized
advertising purposes. Visit the Ad Choice Policy to learn more.
D. Information From Third-Party Sources.
We may receive personal information about you from other users or our business partners and service providers
and combine this information with other information we have.
AFFILIATES. We may receive information about you collected
by other Carnival Corporation companies, businesses, brands and affiliated entities in our family of
companies,
so that information you provide to one brand may be used by us to better provide you Services and
communicate
with you.
SINGLE SIGN-ON. We use single sign-on to allow a user to
enter login information from a third-party platform to access the Services. If you create or log into your
account through a third-party social media site, such as Facebook or Google, these services will
authenticate
your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, which could include
your
personal identifiers. We may use this information to authenticate your account, to provide you Services, to
communicate with you, and for advertising and marketing purposes. The data we receive is dependent on the
third-party’s policies and your privacy settings on that third-party site. To learn more about the use of
data
collection technologies by social media sites, please visit each site’s privacy notice.
SERVICE PROVIDERS & PARTNERS. From time to time, we may
receive personal information about you from our service providers and other partners, including from our
marketing partners or from third-parties conducting identity or address verification, payment processing,
credit
checks, processing lines of credit, or from our excursion partners or other partners providing activities.
We
use this information to validate your identity, age and address, to comply with our legal obligations, to
monitor activity to identify and provide you with promotions and offers onboard and for future travel, and
to
prevent fraud, protect our rights and the rights of others, to inform our marketing and advertising
activities,
and to help provide our Services.
OTHER TRAVELERS. We may obtain information about you from
other travelers who are travelling with you or have travelled with you, as well as your emergency contacts.
We
use this information to book your travel itinerary, communicate with you and those travelling with you about
the
Services, to administer the Services, and for the purpose for which it was provided to us.
TRAVEL AGENTS. If you purchase travel through a travel
agent, the agent may send us your personal identifiers, commercial information and information about health
or
medical conditions. We will use this information to complete the transaction, book your travel itinerary,
communicate with you and those travelling with you about the Services, analyze trends, improve our business,
and
facilitate your vacation experience. They may retain a copy of this data and are required to have
appropriate
admin, technical and other safeguards.
PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION. We may also collect
information about you that is publicly available. For example, we may collect information you publicly post
or
tag us in on social media sites, such as Facebook or Google, elsewhere online, and information contained in
public records databases. We will use this information to conduct market research, verify your identity,
prevent
fraud, and improve our Services.
In addition to the uses described above, we may collect and use personal information for the following purposes:
To create, maintain, improve, and operate the Services.
To personalize your user experience.
To communicate with you to provide technical or administrative support.
To conduct, manage, and grow our organization.
To analyze, research, investigate and improve the use of our Services and
interactions with our guests.
To prevent, investigate, and defend against fraud, unlawful or criminal
activity, unauthorized access to or use of personal information and our data system services, and to comply
with
legal requirements, obligations and other governmental demands.
To investigate and resolve disputes and security issues and to enforce our Terms of
Service.
For any other lawful, legitimate business purpose.
Top
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices
regarding your information, review the “Choices About Your
Information” section below.
We may share your personal information in the following ways:
AFFILIATES. We may share personal information with our other
Carnival Corporation companies, businesses, brands and affiliated entities in our family of companies, who
may
use your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Notice.
SERVICE PROVIDERS. We share information with third party
vendors and service providers that perform services for or on our behalf, which may include identifying and
serving targeted advertisements, providing mailing or email services, tax and accounting services, product
fulfilment, payments processing, data processing and enhancement services, fraud prevention, web hosting,
analytic services, or other online functionality.
PROMOTIONAL PARTNERS. We may share limited personal
information with third parties with whom we partner to provide promotions, excursions, activities, contests,
and
sweepstakes, or other promotional activities. The partner will usually be identified by name in our
promotion,
contest, or sweepstakes communication.
WITH TRAVEL AND EXCURSION PARTNERS. Some onboard products
and services, excursions and other activities are provided by other companies or you may book a travel
through
multiple operators, such as a travel agent or airline. We may share personal identifers and similar
information
before, during and after your cruise to facilitate your travel activities, provide your requested services,
and
provide a seamless service to our guests.
AT YOUR REQUEST. With your consent or at your direction, we
may share your information with your friends and family through the Services or on various social media
networks, or with third parties to whom you direct us to share information, such as excursion partners or
your
travel agent. If you post a product review on our website or a comment on our social media sites, the
information you provide may be displayed on publicly online for others to view.
SELECT MARKETING AND STRATEGIC BUSINESS PARTNERS: We may
share limited data with our marketing and strategic business partners, who may use this information for
their
own business and commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies. For example, these
partners
may send you emails to provide you with information and marketing messages about products or services that
may
interest you.
CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS: Personal information may be
disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of any or all
of
our assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our
business by an affiliate or third party, or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings;
and
FOR HEALTH AND SAFETY REASONS: Your health and safety is
important to us. We may share personal information with third parties or individuals if we reasonably
believe
that such action is necessary to protect the personal safety or health of our guests, family members or
other
individuals or where we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to support the health and
wellbeing of our guests, their families or others. For example, we may disclose your personal identifiers
and
medical information if you require medical assistance or if we believe that such disclosure is reasonably
necessary to inform health care and we may disclose similar information to your family members and emergency
contacts, insurance providers, medical providers and family assistance companies in the event of health or
safety incident. We may also be required to disclose personal identifiers and health or medical information
to
port authorities or government officials as needed to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations,
attend to
your medical and safety needs, facilitate investigations and remedies, to protect our rights and the rights
of
our guests.
LAW ENFORCEMENT, GOVERNMENT AUTHORITIES, REGULATORS AND FOR SAFETY OR
LEGAL REASONS: We may share personal information with third-parties as required by law or
subpoena
or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the our legal obligations under
the
laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate; (b) to comply with the lawful or reasonable requests of law
enforcement, government authorities, courts or to respond to legal process; (c) to enforce our Terms of Use
or
to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (d) to exercise or protect the rights, property,
or
personal safety or health of us, our guests, online visitors, or any other third-party. For example, and we
may
be required to disclose your personal identifiers, customer records and other information to customs
agencies or
port authorities in the locations where we stop in port.
We may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably
identify you.
Top
CHOICES
ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
PROFILE ACCESS & SHARING SETTINGS. You may access and update your profile information, such
as
your user name, address, or billing information, and may change some of your data sharing preferences on
your
account page.
GEOLOCATION & DEVICE CONTENT. You may control location tracking by adjusting your location
services options on the “Settings” app on your mobile device. We may continue to approximate your location
based
on your IP address when you access the Services through a computer or device. If you would like to update
your
device content access permissions, such as permissions to access your camera or address book, you can do so
in
the "Settings" app on your mobile device.
PROMOTIONAL MESSAGES. You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by
following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly
process all unsubscribe requests. You may still receive Service-related communications, including account
verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Services, and technical and
security notices.
ABOUT OUR ADS. We participate in interest-based advertising and use
third party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. To
learn
more about our advertising practices and your choices relating to advertising, please see the Ad Choice
Policy for more information.
Top
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Though Carnival provides fun for families of all ages, most of our online Services are not intended to be used
by children, nor do we have actual knowledge that children are using these online Services.
If you believe that we might have inadvertently collected information from a child without appropriate parental
consent, please contact us at dpo@carnival.com so
that we may delete the information as soon as possible.
Top
REGION-SPECIFIC
DISCLOSURES
A. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of California. California law requires us to
disclose certain information regarding the categories of personal information we collect.
Collection and use of personal information. In the last 12 months, we have collected all of the
categories of personal information described in our Privacy Notice. To learn more about the types of personal
information we collect, the sources from which we collect it, and the purposes for which we use this
information, please refer to the How We Collect and
Use Your Information section of the Privacy Notice.
Disclosure of personal information. We share personal information with third parties for
business purposes or we may sell your personal information to third parties, subject to your right to opt out of
those sales. The categories of third parties to whom we sell or disclose your personal information for a
business purpose include: (i) other brands and affiliates in our family of companies; (ii) our service
providers; (iii) marketing and strategic partners; (iv) promotional partners; (v) ad networks and advertising
partners; (vi) analytics providers; (vii) social networks. To learn more about how we disclose data to third
parties, please refer to the How We Share Your
Information section of the Privacy Notice.
Unless you have exercised your Right to Opt Out of personal information sales, we may sell personal information
to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration. The third parties to whom we sell personal
information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy statements,
which may include reselling this information to additional third parties.
In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed the all of the categories of personal information we collect to
third parties for a business purpose.
In the previous 12 months, we have sold the following categories of personal information to third parties: (i)
Personal Identifiers; (ii) Commercial Information; (iii) Preferences; (iv) Internet, network and device
information.
Your Rights and Choices. As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following
rights:
The Right to Know any or all of the following information
relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months: the categories
or
specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources of the
personal
information; the categories of personal information that we have sold or disclosed to third parties for a
business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed; and the business
or
commercial purposes for collecting or selling the personal information.
The Right to Request Deletion of personal information we
have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales to third
parties now or in the future. If you are under the age of 16, you have the right to opt in, or to have a
parent
or guardian opt in on your behalf, to such sales.
You also have the right to be free of discrimination for exercising these rights. However, please note that if
the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a
deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the
same manner.
How to Exercise your California Consumer Rights. You may submit a request to exercise your
California Consumer Rights through one of the mechanisms described below. We will need to verify your identity
before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or
require you to log into your account, if you have one. In certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your
request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or
as permitted by law.
To access, modify or delete your personal information, please submit a request by:
Filling out our Request Form, or
Calling 1-855-845-2599
If you wish to submit a request to access, modify or delete information on behalf of your minor child, you must
provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify your child is the person about whom we collected
personal information and you are authorized to submit the request on your child’s behalf (i.e., that you are the
child’s legal guardian or authorized representative).
In certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf where
you provide sufficient evidence to show that the requestor is an authorized agent with written permission to act
on your behalf.
To submit a request to opt-out of personal information sales, please complete the Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Request Form to be added to our suppression list.
As is common practice among companies that operate online, we have permitted third party advertising networks,
social media companies and other third party businesses collect and disclose your personal information
(including preferences and internet, network and device information) directly from your browser or device
through cookies or tracking technologies when you visit or interact with our websites, use our apps or otherwise
engage with us. Please see About Our Ads
section to learn about the choices you may have in relation to those activities.
Minors. We do not sell the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years
of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization from either the minor who is between 13 and 16 years of age,
or the parent or guardian of a minor less than 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 18 and you want to
remove your name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content, please contact us directly at dpo@carnival.com. We may not be able to modify
or delete your information in all circumstances.
“Shine The Light” Law California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §1798.83)
provides certain rights to California residents that have an established business relationship with us with regard
to the disclosure of certain types of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To
opt-out of having your personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please
complete the Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Request Form and provide your contact information to be added to our suppression list.
Refer-a-Friend Programs. We may offer financial incentives if you refer a friend who has never
sailed or booked with us before. As part of the Refer-a-Friend program, we will ask for your and friend’s personal
identifiers (name, email address or other contact information). To learn more about this program, please read the Terms and Conditions before submitting your friend’s
information. From time to time, we may offer other financial incentives associated with promotions or special
offers. We will provide information about the material terms of the program and instructions on how to opt-in or
opt-out of participation.
Top
B. NEVADA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain
covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. If you are a
Nevada resident, you may submit a request to opt out of potential future sales under Nevada law by completing
the Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Request Form. Please include sufficient information for us to identify you in your email, such as
information about previous voyages, or, if applicable, your account information. Please note we will take
reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.
Top
C. EUROPEAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you reside in the EU, you are entitled to the following rights in respect of personal information that we
hold:
Right of Access. The right to obtain access to your personal information.
Right to Rectification: The right to obtain rectification of your personal
information without undue delay where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to Erasure. The right to obtain the erasure of your personal
information without undue delay in certain circumstances, such as where the personal information is no
longer
necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed.
Right to Restriction. The right to obtain the restriction of the processing
undertaken by us on your personal information in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the
personal information is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal
information.
Right to Object. The right to object to us processing personal information
relating to you.
Right to Port. The right to obtain certain personal information from us in a
format that can be transferred electronically to a third party.
Right to be Informed. The right to be informed about the personal information
being processed.
In some cases, our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal
information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or
because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will
inform you of specific details in response to your request.
For further information on how to exercise those rights, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by sending
an email to dpo@carnival.com or visiting the GDPR Request Form Page. You also have the right to lodge a
complaint with the relevant data protection regulator.
Top
HOW WE
PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We care about the security of your information and employ physical, administrative, and technological safeguards
designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through our Service. However, no
security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%.
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will
take steps to investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may
have been compromised and take other steps in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
While we take steps to protect your personal information and keep it secure, you also play a role in protecting
your information. You can help to maintain the security of your online and mobile transactions by not sharing
your reservation number, username, or password with anyone.
Top
TSA
SECURE FLIGHT NOTICE
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) requires you to provide your full name, date of birth and
gender for the purpose of watch list screening under the authority of 49 U.S.C. section 114, the Intelligence
Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 and 49 C.F.R. parts 1540 and 1560 for all commercial air travel
within, into or out of the United States which is booked on or after August 15, 2009. You may also provide your
Redress Number, if available.
If you book commercial air travel within, into or out of the United States in conjunction with your voyage we
will request this information from you and forward it to the TSA as required by law. Failure to provide your
full name, date of birth, and gender may result in denial of transport or denial of authority to enter the
boarding area.
TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its
published system of records notice. For more on TSA privacy policies or to review the system of records notice
and the privacy impact assessment, please visit the TSA Website.
Top
LINKS
TO THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
The Services may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, and
social media sites and our users may post links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these
websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any
responsibility or liability for their policies. We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies and
terms and conditions of use to understand how they collect, use, and share information. We are not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content on the websites of third party sites.
Top
CHANGES TO
OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We may modify or update this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and
practices, and you should review this page periodically. We will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of
this page when we post changes to this Notice. If you object to any changes, you may close your account.
Continuing to use our Services after we publish changes to this Privacy Notice means that you are consenting to
the changes.
Top
COMMENTS?
QUESTIONS? CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or the website, please Contact Customer Service Calling 1-855-845-2599.
ABOUT OUR ADS
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
We Use Tracking Technologies
When you visit our Sites and access or use our Services, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us through a
computer or mobile device, we and our third-party partners, automatically collect information about how you
access and use the Service and information about the device you use to access the Service.
This information allows us to improve your customer experience. For example, we or third parties we work with use
tracking technologies:
To recognize new or current guests and Site visitors.
To store your password if you are registered on our Sites.
To improve our Service.
To serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising (see below for more on interest-based advertising).
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms.
To better understand the interests of our customers and Site visitors.
Third party data collection and interest-based advertising
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party advertising companies to serve you targeted
advertisements based on your browsing history. We permit third party online advertising networks, social media
companies and other third-party services, to collect information about your use of our Sites, including our
mobile apps, over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other websites, apps or services
you may use, and on other devices you may use. Typically, though not always, the information used for
interest-based advertising is collected through tracking technologies, such as cookies, Flash objects, web
beacons, embedded scripts, mobile SDKs, location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively,
“tracking technologies”), which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including click
stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site, device ID or AdID, precise geolocation and
other information. We and our third-party partners use this information to make the advertisements you see
online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting,
attribution, analytics and market research.
We, or our third-party partners, may link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result
in relevant advertising on another device. We may share a common account identifier (such as a hashed email
address or user ID) or work with third party partners who use tracking technologies or statistical modeling
tools to determine if two or more devices are linked to a single user or household. We, and our partners, can
use this cross-device linkage to serve interest-based advertising and other personalized content to you across
your devices, to perform analytics and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns.
Social media widgets and advertising
Our Service may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, LinkedIn, Snapchat, Instagram,
Twitter or other widgets. These social media companies may recognize you and collect information about your
visit to our Service, and they may set a cookie or employ other tracking technologies. Your interactions with
those features are governed by the privacy policies of those companies.
We display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram,
LinkedIn and other social media forums. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us
to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our Service while those users are on the social
media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and
demographics. We may share a unique identifier, such as a user ID or hashed email address, with these platform
providers or they may collect information from our website visitors through a first-party pixel, in order to
direct targeted advertising to you or to a custom audience on the social media platform. These advertisements
are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. If you do not want to
receive targeted ads on your social networks, you may be able to adjust your advertising preferences through
your settings on those networks. You may learn more about advertising preferences by clicking on the links
provided below. Please note that these links are provided for your convenience only and we do not control the
content or features that may be available on these third party services.
Facebook: to learn more about your
advertising preferences on Facebook Companies, please visit Facebook's article on ad preferences.
LinkedIn: to learn more about
advertising preferences on LinkedIn, please visit LinkedIn's advertising settings.
Pinterest: to learn more about
personalization and data, please visit Pinterest's article on
personalized ads.
Snapchat: to learn more about
advertising and interest preferences, please visit Snapchat's advertising preferences.
Twitter: to learn more about privacy
controls for personalized ads on Twitter, please Twitter's
privacy controls for tailored ads.
Your Ad Choices
Controlling cookies, tracking technologies and Flash cookies. Most browsers allow you to adjust
your browser settings to: (i) notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to
accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. You may set
your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would
allow us to know whether you viewed or engaged with our emails.
Some websites have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are
not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. Blocking or deleting cookies may negatively
impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly.
Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all tracking
technologies. For example, browser-based cookie controls may not affect online advertising that is not cookie
based.
Deleting cookies does not delete Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as Flash objects and HTML5. You can learn more
about Flash objects—including how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies—on Adobe’s website.
If you choose to delete Flash
objects from our sites, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the sites or benefit from the
information and services offered.
Interest-based advertising. To learn about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to
opt-out of some interest-based advertising, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online
resources
or the a href="http://optout.aboutads.info/" target="blank" aria-label="Visit DAA's Resources">DAA’s resources.
Residents of Canada may visit the Your Ad Choices Website
Residents of the United Kingdom may visit the Your Online Choices Website
Residents of the European Union may visit the Your Online Choices Website
Please note that opting-out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s online resources
will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may
still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or
device you use. We may work with some tracking technology partners that do not participate in the DAA or NAI
self-regulatory programs and these opt-outs will not have any effect on those partner activities.
Note that some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. If you delete
cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you may
need to opt-out again.
Mobile advertising. You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the
settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads”
(Android). The Digital Advertising Alliance also offers a tool for opting out of the collection of cross-app
data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising. To exercise choices for the companies participating in
this tool, download the AppChoices app.
You may be able to limit the use
of location data for advertising purposes by adjusting your location services settings on your mobile device.
Third Party Partners
The following is a sample of the third-party service partners we work with to provide cross-device linking and/or
interest-based advertising services. We will strive to update this list if or when we work with new partners
which offer you choices about the collection of your information apart from the DAA and NAI opt-out programs
linked above. As partners change and new technologies become available, this list is likely to change over time
and may not always reflect our current partners.
Google Analytics and Advertising. We use Google
Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit our site or Service on
your browser or mobile device, log in to your account on our Service, or otherwise engage with
us. We share a unique identifier, like a user ID or hashed email address, with Google to
facilitate the service. Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact
with our Service and to tailor our advertisements and content to you. For information on how
Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control information sent to
Google, review Google's
“How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” policy.
You can learn
about Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs, including the Google Analytics Browser
Ad-On, by visiting Google Website.
We may also utilize certain forms of display
advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with
Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager
Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us
to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such
as the DoubleClick advertising cookie) or other third-party cookies together to inform,
optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your
advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager
or by visiting NAI’s online resources.
We may use data matching services such as LiveRamp to
help us measure advertising effectiveness and analytics and to create data for personalized
advertising purposes. You can find out how to opt-out of LiveRamp’s services by visiting LiveRamp’s
Website.
We may participate in the Adobe Experience Cloud and
Adobe Experience Cloud Device Co-Op to better understand how you use our website and apps across
the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. You can learn more about Adobe
services and the Adobe Experience Cloud and how you can opt-out of Adobe advertising solutions
by visiting Adobe’s Website.
AddThis (Part of Oracle Marketing & Data Cloud).
Bing Ads.
Flashtalking.
OpenX.
Rubicon Project.
The Trade Desk.
This is not a complete list of all of the advertising partners we may work with. Please visit
the DAA’s resources
to learn more about online
advertising and to exercise your opt-out choices across all participating third party ad networks.
TICKET CONTRACT
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO GUESTS: THIS DOCUMENT IS A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT
ISSUED BY CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE TO, AND ACCEPTED BY, GUEST SUBJECT TO THE IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
APPEARING BELOW.
NOTICE: THE ATTENTION OF GUEST IS ESPECIALLY DIRECTED TO CLAUSES 1, 4, AND
11 THROUGH 14, WHICH CONTAIN IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS ON THE RIGHTS OF GUESTS TO ASSERT CLAIMS AGAINST CARNIVAL
CRUISE LINE, THE VESSEL, THEIR AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES, AND OTHERS, INCLUDING FORUM SELECTION, CHOICE OF LAW,
TIME LIMITATIONS FOR FILING SUIT, ARBITRATION, AND WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL FOR CERTAIN CLAIMS.
Important Terms and Conditions of Contract - Read Carefully
In consideration of the receipt of the full cruise fare and/or boarding and
lodging on the vessel, Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival”) and Guest agree that the booking of the
cruise and the cruise are subject to the following terms and conditions:
1. DEFINITIONS AND SCOPE OF CONTRACT
(a) Whenever the word “Carnival” is used in this Contract it shall
mean
and include the Vessel, and all its owners, operators, employees, agents, charterers and water shuttles. The
term “Guest” shall include the plural where appropriate, and means all persons or entities
booking
or purchasing passage and/or traveling under this Contract, including heirs, representatives and any
accompanying minors. The masculine includes the feminine. “Guest” shall have the same meaning as
“Passenger” in this Contract.
(b) “Cruise Fare” or “Fare” means the amount paid for
the
cruise which includes full board, ordinary ship’s food during the voyage, but not gratuities, spirits,
wine, beer, soft drinks or mineral waters, shore excursions, salon and spa services, room service or dining
in
specialty restaurants, Carnival LIVE concerts, or any other incidental charge or expense. The cruise fare
shall
be deemed to be earned when paid and not refundable except as stated in Carnival’s brochure applicable
to
the voyage and as provided in Clauses 7 and 8, herein.
(c) Cruise Fare does not include Cruise Taxes, Fees, and Port Expenses. “Cruise
Taxes, Fees, and Port Expenses” may include any and all fees, charges, tolls and taxes imposed on
Carnival,
by
governmental or quasi-governmental authorities, as well as third party fees and charges arising from a
vessel’s
presence in a harbor or port. Cruise Taxes, Fees and Port Expenses may include U.S. Customs fees, head
taxes,
Panama Canal tolls, dockage fees, wharfage fees, inspection fees, pilotage, immigration and naturalization
fees,
and Internal Revenue Service fees, environmental fees, as well as fees associated with navigation, berthing,
stevedoring, baggage handling/storage, and security services. Cruise Taxes, Fees, and Port Expenses may be
assessed per passenger, per berth, per ton or per vessel. Assessments calculated on a per ton or per vessel
basis will be spread over the number of passengers on the Vessel. Subject to applicable laws, Cruise Taxes, Fees
and Port Expenses are
subject to change and Carnival reserves the right to collect any increases in effect at the time of sailing
even
if the fare has already been paid in full.
(d) Cruise Fare does not include fuel supplement charges, security surcharges,
or
similar incidental surcharges (“surcharges”); subject to applicable laws, Carnival reserves the
right to impose or pass any
of
these surcharges and no right of cancellation shall be implied. “Fuel supplement” shall mean any
additional charge to defray a portion of Carnival’s fuel costs. The amount of fuel supplements and
government fees and taxes collected are subject to change. Carnival reserves the right to charge a fuel
supplement of up to $9.00 USD, or its equivalent in foreign currency, per person per day, without prior
notice,
in the event that the price of light sweet crude oil according to the NYMEX (New York Mercantile Exchange
Index)
is greater than $70.00 USD per barrel of oil. Carnival may collect any fuel supplement in effect at the time
of
sailing, even if the cruise fare has been paid in full.
(e) This ticket is valid only for the person(s) named hereon as Guests and
cannot be
transferred or modified without Carnival’s written consent. The acceptance or use of this ticket by
the
person(s) named hereon as Guests shall be deemed acceptance and agreement by each of them to all of the
terms
and conditions of this cruise Contract.
(f) All rights, exemptions from liability, defenses and immunities of Carnival
under
this contract shall also inure to the benefit of Carnival’s facilities, whether at sea or ashore,
servants, agents, managers, affiliated or related companies, suppliers, shipbuilders and manufacturers of
component parts and independent contractors, including, but not limited to, shore excursion or tour
operators,
ship’s physician, ship’s nurse, retail shop personnel, health and beauty staff, fitness staff,
video
diary staff, and other concessionaires, who shall have no liability to the Guest, either in contract or in
tort,
which is greater than or different from that of Carnival.
(g) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this contract constitutes the
entire agreement between Carnival and Guest and supersedes all other agreements, oral or written. Any
alteration
to any term of this contract must be in writing and authorized by Carnival. In the event of a direct
conflict
between a provision of this contract and a provision of the Cruise Industry Passenger Bill of Rights (PBOR)
in
effect at the time of booking PBOR controls. Guests purchasing Carnival LIVE concert tickets, spa services
or
shore excursions through Carnival are subject to the additional terms
and
conditions which are incorporated by reference. VIFP Members agree to the
additional terms and
conditions
of VIFP membership which are incorporated by reference. Except as provided in Clause 13 below, should
any
provision of this contract be contrary to or invalid by virtue of the law of the jurisdiction in which this
contract is sought to be enforced or be so held by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision(s)
shall be
deemed to be severed from the Contract and of no effect and all remaining provisions herein shall be in full
force and effect and constitute the Contract of Carriage.
(h) Onboard charges and additional expenses charged to Guest’s Sail and Sign® account will
be made in
the
functional currency of the vessel, which may differ from the type of currency used to secure the booking.
2. NATURE OF CRUISE, TRAVEL DOCUMENTATION, AND GUEST’S OBLIGATIONS
(a)The Guest admits a full understanding of the character of the Vessel and
assumes
all risks incident to travel and transportation and handling of Guests and cargo. While at sea or in port
the
availability of medical care may be limited or delayed. Guest acknowledges that all or part of their voyage
may
be in areas where medical care and evacuation may not be available. Guest agrees to indemnify and reimburse
Carnival in the event Carnival elects to advance the cost of emergency medical care, including medical care
provided ashore as well as transportation and/or lodging in connection therewith. Guests who embark in
violation
of the Ticket Contract terms assume all associated risks and agree to indemnify and reimburse Carnival for
all
resulting losses, costs and expenses, including without limitation those related to the Vessel's deviation
from
its scheduled route, and other expenses attributable to disembarkation of such Guests. Guests are further
advised to refer to sections 5 and 10 below which specify their responsibilities and obligations in these
situations.
(b) Carnival’s vessels visit numerous ports in a number of countries.
Guests
assume responsibility for their own safety and Carnival cannot guarantee Guest’s safety at any time.
The
United States Department of State, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other governmental and
tourist
organizations regularly issue advisories and warnings to travelers and Carnival strongly recommends Guests
obtain and consider such information when making travel decisions. Carnival assumes no responsibility for
gathering said information. The Guest acknowledges that the cruise may be booked in a location that is
susceptible to severe weather systems, including but not limited to, hurricanes, tropical storms and
depressions, and that Carnival reserves the right to alter the ship’s course, ports of call,
itinerary,
activity and shore excursions to avoid such weather systems and insure the comfort and safety of the Guest
and
crew.
(c) Proper travel documentation and eligibility to travel is required at the
embarkation and throughout the cruise. In addition to immigration and customs requirements, the U.S.
government
and others place restrictions on the carriage of Guests whose names appear on government watch lists or who
are
deemed legally ineligible to travel. It is the Guest’s sole responsibility to ensure his/her legal
eligibility to travel and to bring and have available at all times all required travel documents. Guests are
advised to check with their travel agent and with the appropriate government authority to determine the
necessary documents and travel eligibility requirements for their particular cruise. Carnival may cancel the
booking of any Guest who is or becomes ineligible to travel for any reason, or who is traveling without
proper
documentation. Any such Guest, or any Guest who fails to board the ship at embarkation, shall be ineligible
to
board the ship thereafter without Carnival’s consent, and shall not attempt to do so at the same or
another port. Under these circumstances the Guest shall not be entitled to a refund or compensation of any
kind.
Guest is responsible for all related costs and fines, including without limitation travel expenses and for
proper travel documentation for any port, or for departure from or arrival to the US. Under no circumstances
shall Carnival be liable for any costs, damages or expenses whatsoever incurred by any Guest as a result of
such
failure, cancellation or denial of boarding.
(d) Guest acknowledges receipt of Carnival’s applicable brochures and
travel
information and agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of not just this Contract, but also the
information
contained in Carnival’s brochures and website, including but not limited to the information contained
in
the “Frequently Asked Questions” and “Embarkation Information” sections.
(e) Guest acknowledges that, for a voyage commencing in a United States port for
a
round-trip voyage via one or more United States ports, Guest must complete the voyage and disembark at the
embarkation port. Failure to do so may result in a fine or penalty being imposed by the United States
Customs
Service or other governmental agency. In consideration for the fare paid, Guest agrees to pay any such fine
or
penalty imposed because of Guest’s failure to complete the voyage.
(f) Carnival shall refuse boarding to any Guest under the age of twenty-one (21)
unless: (1) the Guest is traveling in the same stateroom with an individual twenty-five years or older; (2)
traveling in the same stateroom with their spouse; or (3) traveling with a parent or guardian in an
accompanying
stateroom. Adult Guests agree to be responsible at all times for the safety and behavior of their minor.
Guests
who are traveling with them and Guests agree to properly supervise and monitor all minors traveling with
them.
Proof of age and/or proof of marriage are required. Carnival shall not be liable to make any refunds or for
any
damages with respect to any Guest’s failure to provide proper proof of age or marriage or otherwise
comply
with this provision.
(g) Guests must attend the mandatory safety briefing at the commencement of the
cruise and any subsequent briefing ordered by the ship's officer during the cruise. Guests shall comply with
all
onboard health, environmental and safety policies and procedures, and shall familiarize themselves with the
nature and character of the ship, as well as, all emergency exits, to assist with safe evacuation in the
event
of an emergency.
(h) Guests must comply with all onboard environmental policies and procedures,
and
shall familiarize themselves with the nature and character of the ship, as well as, onboard waste /
recycling
receptacle stations, and Guest agrees to comply with all environmental laws and regulations.
3. YOUR TRAVEL AGENT
Any travel agent or sales agent utilized by the Guest in connection with the
booking
of the cruise, or this contract is solely the agent of the Guest and not Carnival. Carnival is not
responsible
for the financial condition or integrity of any travel agent utilized by Guest. In the event that an agent
shall
fail to remit to Carnival any monies paid to the agent by Guest, Guest shall be and remain liable for the
fare
due to Carnival, regardless of whether liability is asserted before or after embarkation. Issuance and
validity
of ticket contract is conditional upon final payment being received by Carnival prior to sailing. Any refund
made by Carnival to an agent on behalf of Guest shall be deemed payment to Guest, regardless whether the
monies
are delivered by the agent to Guest. Receipt of this ticket contract, any other documentation or
notification
pertaining to the cruise by Guest’s travel agent shall constitute receipt by Guest.
4. BAGGAGE, PERSONAL PROPERTY, PROHIBITED ITEMS, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
(a) Each fully paid adult Guest will be allowed a reasonable amount of luggage
on
board containing their personal belongings. Luggage means only trunks, valises, satchels, bags, hangers and
bundles with their contents consisting of only such wearing apparel, toilet articles and similar personal
effects as are necessary and appropriate for the purpose of the journey. Carnival reserves the right to
inspect
all luggage for the safety and security of the vessel and deny any such luggage it deems unreasonable or
unsafe.
(b) No tools of trade, household goods, presents and/or property of others,
jewelry,
money, cameras, documents, valuables of any description including but not limited to such articles as are
described in Title 46 of the United States Code section 30503 shall be carried except under and subject to
the
terms of a special written contract or Bill of Lading entered into with Carnival prior to embarkation upon
application of the Guest. The Guest warrants that no such articles are contained in any receptacle or
container
presented by him as baggage hereunder, and if any such articles are shipped in the Guest’s baggage in
breach of this warranty, no liability for negligence, gross or ordinary, shall attach to Carnival for any
loss
or damage thereto.
(c) Carnival shall not be liable for: (1) Guest’s failure to comply with
the
requirements set forth in Clauses 4(a) and 4(b); (2) any loss or damage before baggage comes into
Carnival’s actual custody on board or after baggage leaves Carnival’s actual custody on board,
including, but not limited to, loss or damage by airlines or other transportation services; (3) any loss or
damage of baggage while not in the actual possession, custody and control of Carnival; (4) damage due to
wear,
tear or normal usage; (5) any loss or damage of perishable items, medicine, liquor, cash, securities or
other
financial instruments, or (6) any loss or damage while in the custody and control of stevedores.
(d) It is stipulated and agreed that the aggregate value of Guest’s
property,
does not exceed $50 USD per Guest or bag with a maximum value of $100 USD per stateroom regardless of the
number
of occupants or bags and any liability of Carnival for any cause whatsoever with respect to said property
shall
not exceed such sum, unless the Guest shall in writing, delivered to Carnival, prior to embarkation, declare
the
true value thereof and pay to Carnival prior to embarkation a sum equal to 5% of the excess of such value.
If
Carnival shall be held liable for the loss of or damage to Guest’s baggage or property it is agreed
that
such liability shall not exceed the lesser of: (1) the actual cash value, or (2) value declared in the
manner
above provided (up to U.S. $100 USD if no such declaration has been made). Declared value amounts to be
proportionately reduced in any case where less than all of Guest’s baggage or property is lost,
delayed or
rendered unusable due to damage. In no event shall Carnival be liable to pay any compensation if the nature
or
value of the property has been misrepresented.
(e) No Guest is permitted, to bring on board the vessel live animals (other than
qualified service animals, with not less than 14 days advance notice given to Carnival). Guest will be
solely
responsible for any and all damage and/or loss caused by service animals.
(f) Weapons, firearms, contraband, ammunition, explosives, incendiary devices,
or
other dangerous items are strictly prohibited aboard the vessel. Carnival reserves the right to confiscate,
destroy and/or turn over to authorities these or any other items it deems in its sole discretion to be
detrimental to the safety or comfort of any person or which are otherwise improperly in the possession of
any
Guest. Each Guest warrants that no such articles are contained in any receptacle or container carried or
presented as baggage. Alcoholic beverages are prohibited except as provided for in Clause 8(f). Marijuana
and
all illegal controlled substances are strictly prohibited and may not be brought on board any Carnival
vessel.
All Guests agree Carnival has, at all times with or without notice, the right to search Guest’s cabin
and
baggage and/or personal effects for any of these prohibited items, at any location, to ensure compliance
with
these restrictions. Any Guest who refuses any such search or screening, or any Guest traveling with such
items
and/or attempting to board the vessel with any such items, may be denied boarding or disembarked and no
refund
of the cruise fare will be issued. The Guest will be solely responsible for any and all damage and/or loss
caused by his violation of this policy.
5. FITNESS TO TRAVEL, SPECIAL NEEDS, PREGNANCY, INFANTS, AND DISEMBARKATION
(a) The Guest warrants that he and those traveling with him are physically and
emotionally fit to travel at the time of embarkation, and further warrants that such Guests have no medical
or
emotional condition that would endanger any Guest or crewmembers or result in a deviation of the voyage.
Guests
are encouraged to contact their treating physician to discuss their health concerns, including pregnancy,
before
traveling. (see Clause 5(b) below for pregnancy restrictions). Any Guest with special medical, physical or
other
needs requiring medical attention or special accommodation during the voyage is requested to notify Carnival
in
writing at the time of booking of such special need. Upon booking the cruise, Guests who have special needs
are
requested to contact Carnival's Guest Access Desk (305-599-2600 ext. 70025) to discuss the details of their
special needs. Carnival recommends that any Guest who is not self-sufficient travel with a companion who
shall
take responsibility for any assistance needed during the voyage.
(b) Carnival and the Master each reserves the right to refuse boarding or
passage,
disembark, or confine to a stateroom any Guest who violates the terms of this ticket contract or Carnival's
policies, or any Guest whose physical or mental condition or behavior would be considered, in the sole
opinion
of the Captain in consultation with the ship's physician, a risk to any Guest or crew member. Guest
understands
and acknowledges that in addition to the limitations on medical care described in Clause 2(a), prenatal and
early infant care, in particular, may require specialized diagnostic facilities and/or treatment that are
not
available or obtainable during the cruise on board the ship and/or ashore in ports of call. Therefore, any
Guest
that is unfit to travel, and any Guest who will at any time during the cruise enter her the 24th week of
estimated gestational age, agrees not to book a cruise or board the ship. Infants must be at least 6 months
of
age at the time of embarkation in order to sail, however children must be at least 12 months of age at the
time
of embarkation to sail on the following itineraries: Transoceanic voyages and remote itineraries, where
there
are more than 2 consecutive sea day. Carnival and the Master reserve the right to disembark any unfit Guest
or
any Guest whose behavior affects the comfort, enjoyment, safety or wellbeing of other Guests or crew
members.
Guests disembarked in such circumstances shall be liable as set forth in Paragraphs 2, 8 and 10. Carnival
reserves the right to debark, deny boarding, or cancel the reservation without refund, compensation, or
payment
of any Guest who is unfit to travel and/or who will be in excess of their 23rd week of gestation at time of
sailing, except as set forth in Carnival's cancellation policy described in Clause 6 below, based on the
timing
of such cancellation.
6. CANCELLATION BY GUEST, REFUNDS
Reservations will be held until 30 minutes prior to departure. No refunds will be made in the event of “no
shows”, unused tickets, lost tickets, interruptions, partially used tickets, cancellations received late
or
after the start of the cruise. Carnival strongly recommends the purchase of trip cancellation insurance from
your travel agent. Cancellation charges for individual bookings will be assessed as listed below. For
cancellation charges related to group bookings, partial ship charters or full ship charters refer to your
charter contract or group booking agreement for terms and conditions.
Days Prior to Departure Date
Cancellation Charge (Per Guest)*
2-5 day cruises (excluding all Alaskan, European, Transatlantic, and Panama Canal cruises):
Up to 76 days
None (except fares with non-refundable payments*)
75 to 56 days
Deposit
55 to 30 days
Deposit or 50% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
29 to 15 days
Deposit or 75% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
14 days or less
100% of Total Fare
6 day or longer cruises, as well as all Alaskan, European, Transatlantic, and Panama Canal
cruises:
Up to 91 days
None (except fares with non-refundable payments *)
90 to 56 days
Deposit
55 to 30 days
Deposit or 50% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
29 to 15 days
Deposit or 75% of Total Fare, whichever is greater
14 days or less
100% of Total Fare
Total Fare is defined as Cruise Fare, Transfer Services, Pre/Post Cruise Vacation Packages and Air Supplements
(excluding Restricted Air which is non-refundable any time after booking).
*Certain promotional fare offers may not be listed on this page, please refer to the terms and conditions of your
specific promotion for more details.
Early Saver: The deposit is non-refundable. All cancellations that occur prior to final payment due date will
receive a non-refundable and non-transferable future cruise credit, redeemable for US dollars bookings, in the
amount of the deposit less a $50 per person service fee. The future cruise credit must be used on a sailing
within 24 months from the date of cancellation and can only be applied to your cruise fare. Any unused portion
will be forfeited.
7. CARNIVAL’S RIGHT TO INCREASE FARES, INCREASE OR ESTABLISH CHARGES FOR GOODS AND
SERVICES, CANCEL OR CHANGE VOYAGE, AND
CHANGE STATEROOM ASSIGNMENTS AND TO PERFORM CONSTRUCTION OR REPAIRS
(a) Subject to applicable laws, Carnival reserves the right to increase published fares and air fare
supplements
without prior notice. However, fully paid or deposited Guests will be protected, except for fares listed,
quoted, advertised or booked in error, fuel supplements, government taxes, other surcharges and changes to
deposit, payment and cancellation terms/conditions, which are subject to change without notice. In the event
that a cruise fare listed, quoted or advertised through any website, Carnival sales person, travel agent or
any
other source is booked but is incorrect due to an electronic error, typographical error, human error or any
other error causing the fare to be listed, quoted or advertised for an amount not intended by Carnival,
Carnival
reserves the right to correct the erroneous fare by requesting the Guest to pay the correct fare intended,
or by
canceling the cruise in exchange for a full refund, but in no event shall Carnival be obligated to honor any
such booking resulting from the error or otherwise be liable in such circumstances.
(b) Carnival reserves the right to offer promotional cruise fares that require a
minimum occupancy requirement per cabin. When the booked cruise fare is contingent on a minimum occupancy
requirement per cabin, cancellation by one or more Guests in a cabin may cause an adjustment to the
remaining
Guests booked cruise fare based on the prevailing and available rate at the time of the cancellation
(“recalculated fare”). Final payment in full of the recalculated fares for all remaining Guests
in a
cabin is due by 11:59:59 p.m. EST on the eve before the start of the cancellation penalty period. Failure to
make timely final payment in full of the recalculated fares by all remaining Guests in a cabin will result
in
automatic cancellation of the reservation for the entire cabin.
(c) Carnival has the right without previous notice to cancel this contract at
the
port of embarkation or any time during the voyage and shall thereupon return to the Guest, if the Contract
is
completely canceled, his Cruise Fare, or, if the Contract is partially canceled, a proportionate part
thereof.
Under such circumstances, Carnival shall have no further liability for damages or compensation of any kind.
In
the event a voyage is terminated early due to mechanical failure of the Vessel, Guest is also entitled to
transportation to the Vessel’s scheduled port of disembarkation or Guest’s home city, at
Carnival’s discretion and expense, as well as necessary lodging at the unscheduled port of
disembarkation,
if required, at Carnival’s expense.
(d) Carnival may change the duration and/or itinerary of the cruise at any time.
The
Vessel shall be entitled to leave and enter ports with or without pilots or tugs, to tow and assist other
vessels in any circumstances, to return to or enter any port at the Master's discretion and for any purpose,
and
to deviate in any direction or for any purpose from the direct or usual course, and to omit or change any or
all
port calls, arrival or departure times, with or without notice, for any reason whatsoever, including but not
limited to safety, security, adverse weather, hurricanes, tornadoes, strikes, tides, hostilities, civil
unrest,
port closings, emergency debarkations of Guests or crew, late air, sea, car or motor coach departures or
arrivals, mechanical breakdowns, US or foreign governmental advisories or travel warnings, all such
deviations
being considered as forming part of and included in the proposed voyage. Except as provided in Clause 7(c)
with
regard to early termination of a voyage, Carnival shall have no liability for any compensation or other
damages
in such circumstances for any change in itinerary, ports of call, ports of embarkation and debarkation,
and/or
or duration of the cruise, other than as provided by Carnival's change of itinerary policy at the time Guest
or
his agent acknowledges receipt and acceptance of the terms and conditions of the cruise ticket contract.
Carnival’s change of itinerary policy can be found at on Carnival's Website or at Carnival's
FAQ
page.
(e) Except as provided in Clause 7(c), if the performance of the proposed voyage
is
hindered or prevented (or in the opinion of Carnival or the Master is likely to be hindered or prevented) by
war, hostilities, blockage, ice, labor conflicts, adverse weather conditions, strikes on board or ashore,
restraint of Princes, Rulers or People, seizure under legal process, breakdown of the Vessel, congestion,
docking difficulties or any other cause whatsoever or if Carnival or the Master considers that for any
reason
whatsoever, proceeding to, attempting to enter, or entering or remaining at the port of Guest's destination
may
expose the Vessel to risk or loss or damage or be likely to delay her, the Guest and his baggage may be
landed
at the port of embarkation or at any port or place at which the Vessel may call, at which time the
responsibility of Carnival shall cease and this contract shall be deemed to have been fully performed, or if
the
Guest has not embarked, Carnival may cancel the proposed voyage without liability to refund passage money or
fares paid in advance.
(f) Carnival and the Master shall have liberty to comply with any orders,
recommendations or directions whatsoever given by the Government or Department of any nation or by any
person
acting or purporting to act with the authority of such Government or Department or by any Committee or
person
having under the terms of the War Risks Insurance on the Vessel the right to give such orders,
recommendations
or directions, and if by reason of, and in compliance with any such orders, recommendations or directions
anything is done or is not done the same shall not be deemed a deviation or a breach of this contract.
Disembarkation of any Guest or discharge of baggage in accordance with such orders, recommendations or
directions shall constitute due and proper fulfillment of the obligation of Carnival under this Contract.
(g) Specific stateroom assignments are not guaranteed. Carnival reserves the
right
to move Guests to a comparable stateroom for any reason, including but not limited to, instances in which a
stateroom is booked with fewer than the maximum number of Guests the stateroom can accommodate; or when a
partial Guest cancellation occurs and the remaining number of Guests do not match the maximum number of
Guests
the stateroom can accommodate.
(h) Guest hereby agrees and acknowledges that Carnival's "Great Vacation
Guarantee"
does not apply to itinerary deviations due to safety, weather, emergency debarkations or other force
majeure,
operational or governmental reasons beyond Carnival's control.
(i) Guest agrees and acknowledges that Carnival may, at any time, and without
notice, impose charges for, increase charges for and/or eliminate goods and services, other than what is
included in your Cruise Fare, without liability to the Guest. These additional charges are exclusive of your
Cruise Fare. The goods and services offered or available during the cruise, may differ from goods and
services
previously offered or available on prior cruises and/or what was advertised on Carnival’s website
(Carnival.com), commercials, in brochures, in other printed media, and/or in prior verbal discussions.
(j) Carnival reserves the right to periodically perform repairs to the Vessel
and/or
perform construction on the vessel to alter, amend or remove any appurtenance, amenity or facility on the
Vessel. Guest acknowledges that such repairs, alterations, amendments or removal of any appurtenance may
occur
during the cruise and agrees that Carnival shall not be liable to Guest for a refund, of any portion of the
Cruise Fare, full, partial or otherwise, nor shall Guest have any legal or equitable cause of action
relating
thereto.
8. COMPLIANCE WITH RULES, SOLICITATION, SMOKING, DRINKING, ILLEGAL ACTIVITY, SEARCHES, BEVERAGE
POLICY AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
(a) Guest agrees during the course of the voyage to follow the directions of the
ship’s Master, or his authorized officer. Guest further agrees not to solicit anyone on the vessel for
any
commercial, professional, illegal or illicit purposes. Guest agrees that any violation of this Clause may
subject Guest to disembarkation with no refund to the Guest.
(b) Guest acknowledges that smoking is only permitted in designated areas. Guest
agrees to refrain from smoking in non-designated areas and agrees that Carnival has the right to assess a
$500
charge, per violation, and to disembark the Guest for failure to observe Carnival's Tobacco and
Marijuana Smoking Policy ("Smoking Policy") with no refund to the Guest.
(c) Any and all forms of smoking, including but not limited to, cigarettes, cigars, pipes, vaporizers, and
electronic cigarettes are strictly prohibited on board Carnival’s vessels except in specific designated exterior
deck areas and designated casino/night club spaces. All staterooms and suite accommodations, including the
outside balconies, are NON-SMOKING. In accordance with Carnival's Smoking
Policy any marijuana possession or use
is strictly prohibited on all Carnival ships at all times, regardless of local, state, or other laws which might
permit use or possession of marijuana. Carnival abides by U.S. Federal Law which prohibits the possession or use
of marijuana on its ships for any reason. Any Guest who brings marijuana or any illegal controlled substances on
board, in violation of Carnival’s policy or U.S. or international law, including any law of a port or the flag
state, will be reported to local and/or Federal authorities and U.S. Customs & Border Protection for
possible
detainment and/or enforcement action. Carnival may deny boarding or disembark any Guest who brings or attempts
to bring marijuana or any illegal substance on board with no refund to Guest and at Guest’s own expense for
repatriation and travel. Guest agrees to strictly comply with Carnival’s Smoking Policy. Guest further agrees
that any violation of Carnival’s Smoking Policy would also cause Carnival to incur damages, including but not
limited to, loss of Guest goodwill, revenue, cleaning, maintenance, fines and/or other costs. Any evidence of
smoking in a stateroom or balcony, e.g.; smoke smell/residue, butts, ashes, upholstery/furniture burns,
tampering of the smoke alarm, will constitute a violation of Carnival’s Smoking Policy. Guests who violate our
Smoking Policy will be assessed a $500 charge, per violation, on the Guest’s Sail & Sign account, and may
also
result in the disembarkation of all Guests in the stateroom. Fines will be assessed in the functional currency
of the vessel which might be different that the currency used to secure the booking. Such Guests will be solely
responsible for all resulting financial penalties and expenses to return home, and no refund of their unused
cruise fare will be provided. Guest further acknowledges and agrees that any violation of this policy shall, in
the sole discretion of Carnival, constitute a material breach of this cruise contract. In the event of such
breach, Guest forfeits all rights hereunder, including the right to remain on board. Carnival reserves the right
to disembark Guest(s), at any port, as determined by Carnival. Carnival shall not be liable for any refund or
other compensation or damages whatsoever to any Guest disembarked pursuant to this provision, or who disembarks
because another Guest is so disembarked, and all such Guests forfeit all rights under Carnival’s “Vacation
Guarantee.” Such Guests may also be prohibited from sailing with Carnival in the future.
(d) Guest agrees, in all ports of call, to return to the Vessel not less than 30
minutes before the scheduled departure time. Guest further acknowledges that shipboard and shore side clocks
may
have different times, but it is Guest’s responsibility to return to the vessel so as not to miss
vessel’s departure. Any costs associated with transporting Guest to rejoin the vessel including, but
not
limited to, governmental fees, visa fees, subsistence, lodging, air fare, launch fare, car hire or agency
fees
shall be for the account of Guest.
(e) Carnival has a "zero tolerance" policy toward any illegal activity or
behavior
by Guests or crew aboard. Guest agrees to comply with this policy and further acknowledges that it is
Carnival's
policy to report incidents of illegal activity or behavior to the appropriate law enforcement authorities.
Carnival Cruise Line will cooperate with relevant authorities in any civil or criminal proceedings sought by
those agencies. For the safety of the vessel and of other guests and crew, Carnival reserves the right to
confine any Guest who commits a crime on board until law enforcement authorities can be contacted and/or
board
the vessel.
(f) Beverage Policy: For safety reasons, Guests are prohibited from bringing
alcoholic beverages on board with the following exception: At the beginning of the cruise during embarkation
day, Guests (21 years of age and older) may carry on in their hand luggage, one 750 ml bottle of
sealed/unopened
wine or champagne per person. A $15 corkage fee (a charge exacted at a restaurant for every bottle of wine
served that was not bought on the premises), per 750 ml bottle, will be charged should Guests wish to
consume
their wine or champagne in a main dining room, steakhouse or bar. Guests are also prohibited from bringing
water, sodas and other non-alcoholic beverages on board that are packaged in bottles. A small quantity of
non-alcoholic beverages (i.e., sparkling water, sodas, juice, milk) packaged in cans or cartons may be
brought
on board on embarkation day, only if carried on in Guests’ hand luggage (not in checked luggage). A
small
quantity is considered a maximum of 12 sealed, unopened cans/cartons of 12 ounces each or less per person.
Any
hard liquor, beer, other forms of alcoholic beverage, and non-alcoholic beverages, outside of the exceptions
referenced above, are strictly prohibited (in both carry-on and checked luggage) and such items will be
confiscated and discarded and no compensation will be provided. Alcoholic beverages purchased in the
vessel’s gift shops or at a port of call will be retained by Carnival until the end of the voyage.
Carnival reserves the right to refuse to serve alcohol to any passenger. Guest acknowledges that the minimum
age
permitted for the purchase, possession or consumption of alcoholic beverages aboard Carnival’s vessels
is
twenty-one (21). Guest agrees to supervise all persons under age twenty-one (21) under Guest’s charge
to
insure that they do not violate this, or any other, shipboard regulation. Guests who attempt to purchase
alcohol
by using false identification or the Sail & Sign card of a Guest who is twenty-one or older will be
deemed
in violation of this policy. Any Guest twenty-one or older who attempts to or purchases alcohol for any
Guest
under twenty-one will also be deemed in violation of this policy. Guest agrees that Carnival has the right
to
disembark any Guest who violates this policy and as well as any adults traveling with minors who violate
this
policy or any other shipboard regulation.
(g) Compliance with APHIS regulations: To protect U.S. agriculture and natural
resources from the introduction and spread of foreign plant and animal pests and diseases please be advised
that
agricultural products including seeds, soil, live insects, food such as fresh fruit, vegetables and animal
products including meat, milk, and eggs must not be brought back to the United States. This food includes
meals
that were offered during the cruise but were not consumed. If you have in your possession any meals or food,
including any fresh fruit, vegetables and animal products such as meat sandwiches, milk, eggs from the ship,
you
must leave them behind or deposit them in the amnesty bin/food collection bin at the exit during
disembarkation.
These items are prohibited entry by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.
Violations of these prohibitions may result in penalties and fines to the Guest.
(h) Tampering with Life Saving Devices: Guest agrees to not tamper with or
discard
over board any life saving device such as, but not limited to; life rings and life jackets, unless in an
emergency or instructed to do so by the ship's master. Tampering with life-saving devices may result in a
fine
to the Guest.
(i) Guest agrees not to engage in any lewd, lascivious, indecent, obscene, offensive, or outrageous behavior
while on board and specifically agrees that violation of this policy may result in confinement or debarkation
from the vessel with no refund to the Guest and at Guest’s own expense for repatriation and travel. Furthermore,
all guests should ensure their clothing and accessories are respectful to fellow guests. Specifically, items
worn during the cruise should not contain any message that may be considered offensive or contain nudity,
profanity, sexual innuendo/suggestions. In addition, clothing/accessories should not promote negative ethnic or
racial commentary, or hatred or violence in any form.
(j) All guests must adhere to Carnival’s environmental policy as follows: Any dumping or pollution of any kind
including discharge of any item into the ocean and/or waterways is strictly prohibited. Guest will be strictly
liable for any illegal dumping or pollution. Any willful or negligent act of discharging or releasing any
unauthorized item overboard, without the express permission of the ship's staff may result in a $500 charge, per
violation, posted to Guest’s Sail & Sign® account. Fines will be imposed using the functional
currency of the
vessel, which may be different than the form of currency used to secure the booking. Additionally, Guest will be
charged the reimbursement cost of any unauthorized discharged property belonging to Carnival and such charge
will be posted to Guest’s Sail & Sign® account. Guest shall also be responsible for any fines or
penalties
imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental agency or official, port or port official, or for expenses
or losses caused or incurred for Guest’s violation of this policy. Violation of this policy may result in the
disembarkation of all guests in the stateroom. Guests who are disembarked for violating our environmental policy
will be responsible for all financial charges and expenses to return home, and no refund of their unused cruise
fare will be provided. Additionally, they may be prohibited from sailing with Carnival Cruise Line in the
future.
9. PERSONAL DATA; VIDEO SURVEILLANCE; RIGHT TO SEARCH OR
INSPECT; PRIVACY NOTICE AND PUBLIC WIRELESS SERVICES
(a) Carnival may utilize closed circuit television or other surveillance means
onboard the vessel.
(b) Calls made to Carnival, and calls received from Carnival, may be recorded
for
the purposes of audit, training and the monitoring of services provided by Carnival.
(c) Guest agrees Carnival has, at all times with or without notice, the right to
enter and search Guest's stateroom, personal safe or storage spaces, or to search or screen any Guest,
and/or
personal effects, at any location, to ensure compliance with any of the restrictions set forth in this
agreement. Any Guest who refuses any such search or screening may be denied boarding or disembarked and no
refund of the cruise fare will be issued.
(d) The personal data Guest provides to Carnival, or which is obtained through
Guest's dealings with Carnival or with its affiliates, will be processed in accordance with Carnival privacy
notice, which describes how personal data may be processed, and which is available on the Carnival website.
Carnival may from time to time change its privacy notice; you can find the up-to-date privacy notice on the
Privacy Notice page or by writing
to
the address given below. Guests may provide personal data to Carnival that may include names, postal or
email
addresses, date of birth, passport information, financial account, telephone numbers, likenesses,
photographs or
other information which would identify Guests personally. Guests may also provide Carnival or others certain
sensitive data such as health, medical, dietary, religious, gender or sexual orientation information. Guest
agrees that Carnival may (1) keep their personal and sensitive data, (2) use it in its business worldwide in
accordance with its published privacy notice , (3) share it with its affiliated or related companies and (4)
subject it to processing worldwide provided Carnival's safeguards are used. Guest agrees that any personal
or
sensitive data provided to Carnival in the European Economic Area may be used, processed and transferred
worldwide including to the U.S.
(e) Guest agrees that Carnival may disclose personal or sensitive data to
unaffiliated third parties (1) with the Guest's consent or authorization, (2) to help complete a transaction
for
the Guest, (3) to comply with law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests,
orders
or legal process, (4) to enforce this or other agreements or protect the rights, safety or property of
Carnival
or others, (5) as part of a purchase, sale, or transfer of assets or our business, (6) to Carnival's agents
or
service providers to perform functions on its behalf, or (7) as otherwise described in Carnival's published
privacy notice, as amended from time to time.
(f) Carnival may, but will not be required to, make wireless access to the
Internet
or access to wireless telephone services ("Wireless Services") available to Guests on board either directly
or
through a third party service provider. All Guests agree that use of Wireless Services is at their own risk
and
that Carnival shall not be liable to Guests in any manner for claims, losses or damages resulting therefrom.
Guests' use of Wireless Services onboard is public; privacy of any information sent or received is not
guaranteed. Personal data may be available to third-party service providers and Carnival is not liable under
any
circumstances for any lack of privacy while using Wireless Services. Guest agrees that Carnival has the
right,
but not the obligation to monitor, record, intercept and disclose any transmissions over or using Wireless
Services aboard the vessel, and to provide billing, account, or use records, and related information
relating to
all Wireless Services as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion (for example, in response to lawful
process, orders, subpoenas, or warrants, or to protect Carnival's rights, passengers or property). All
Guests
agree that their use of Wireless Services is governed by Carnival's Terms and Conditions of Wireless
Services
[contained in your Folio or available on connection to the internet in addition to] and any terms and
conditions
imposed by a third-party Wireless Services provider.
(g) Carnival may use facial recognition technology to enable embarkation,
debarkation, at entry and exit of the vessel at ports of call, on all photos taken by Carnival during
Guest's
voyage, as well as those photos Guest uploads to Carnival's mobile app. Carnival will delete facial
biometric
identifiers following completion of the voyage, prior to a subsequent voyage. All un-identified photos will
be
deleted within thirty (30) days after the end of each voyage or earlier upon request. Any photos that have
been
identified and linked to Guest's SPMS Guest ID will be retained for two (2) years to enable guest access and
purchase of photos and photo memorabilia after the end of the voyage. Photos may be deleted earlier upon
request. Carnival does not share facial recognition records with any third parties outside of the Carnival
Corporation & plc group of companies. For more information about facial recognition technology, please email
Carnival at dpo@carnival.com.
10. GUEST’S REIMBURSEMENT FOR FINES, EXPENSES, DEBTS AND DAMAGES
(a)The Guest shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival or the Master for
any
fines or penalties imposed on Carnival by any government, governmental agency or official, port or port
official, or for expenses or losses caused or incurred for Guest's failure to observe or comply with local
requirements in respect of immigration, border patrol, customs and excise, agriculture, health, environment
or
any other government regulation whatsoever, and the Guest shall be liable for any and all losses and fines
caused by their actions in regards to illegal dumping or pollution of any kind, including discharge of any
item
into the ocean and/or waterways. For Guests who embark the vessel in violation of the ticket contract terms,
any/all resulting damages, losses, costs, expenses, credits, refunds and related claims, including without
limitation those related to a deviation of the vessel to disembark such Guests shall be the sole
responsibility
of the Guest.
(b) The Guest or Guest's estate shall be liable to and shall reimburse Carnival
for
all deviation expenses (including loss of revenue), damages to the Vessel, its furnishings, operations or
equipment, or any property of Carnival caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by any
misconduct,
willful or negligent act or omission on the part of the Guest or any minors traveling with the Guest,
including
discharge and release of any unauthorized item overboard, without the express permission of the ship's
staff.
The Guest or Guest's estate shall defend and indemnify Carnival and the Vessel, their servants and agents
against liability which Carnival or the Vessel or such servants or agents may incur towards any person,
company
or Government for any damage to property, personal injury or death caused directly or indirectly, in whole
or in
part, by any misconduct, willful or negligent act or omission on the part of the Guest or minors traveling
with
Guest.
(c) Carnival and the Vessel shall have a lien upon all baggage, money and other
property whatsoever accompanying the Guest and the right to sell the same by public auction or otherwise for
all
sums whatsoever due from the Guest under this Contract and for the costs and expenses of enforcing such lien
and
such sale.
11. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS, SHORE EXCURSIONS AND OTHER SERVICES
(a) Guest acknowledges that all Shore excursions/tours (whether conducted in the
water, on land or by air), airline flights and ground transportation, as well as the ship’s physician,
and
on board concessions (including but not limited to, the gift shops, spa, beauty salon, fitness center, golf
and
art programs, video/snorkel concession) are either operated by or are independent contractors. Even though
Carnival shall be entitled to collect a fee and earn a profit from the ticketing or sale of such services by
such persons or entities, Carnival neither supervises nor controls their actions, nor makes any
representation
either expressed or implied as to their suitability. Carnival, in arranging for the services called for by
the
physician or nurse, all on board concessions, all shore excursion/tour tickets, all pre and post cruise
airline
flights or other transportation off of the ship and its water shuttles, does so only as a convenience for
the
Guest and Guests are free to use or not use these services. Guest agrees that Carnival assumes no
responsibility, does not guarantee performance and in no event shall be liable for any negligent or
intentional
acts or omissions, loss, damage, injury or delay to Guest and/or Guest’s baggage, property or effects
in
connection with said services. Guests use the services of all independent contractors at the Guest’s
sole
risk. Independent contractors are entitled to make a proper charge for any service performed with respect to
a
Guest.
(b) Guest acknowledges that the ship’s masseuse, barber, hair dresser,
manicurist, fitness or golf instructor, videographer, art auctioneer, gift shop personnel, wedding planners
or
other providers of personal services are employees of independent contractors and Carnival is not
responsible
for their actions. Guest further acknowledges that although independent contractors or their employees may
use
signage or clothing which contains the name “Carnival” or other related trade names or logos,
the
independent contractor status remains unchanged. Independent contractors, their employees and assistants are
not
agents, servants or employees of Carnival and have no authority to act on behalf of Carnival.
(c) Although Carnival may have contracts, concessionaire agreements, and/or
independent contractor agreements with the above mentioned service providers and contractors. Guest hereby
acknowledges and agrees that Guests are not intended third-party beneficiaries of any such contracts and
Guests
have no right to assert themselves as third party beneficiaries of such contracts or agreements.
12. LIMITATIONS OF CARNIVAL’S LIABILITY
(a) In consideration for the fare paid, it is agreed that Carnival shall not be
held
vicariously liable for the intentional or negligent acts of any persons not employed by Carnival nor for any
intentional or negligent acts of Carnival’s employees committed while off duty or outside the course
and
scope of their employment.
(b) In consideration for the fare paid, it is agreed that Carnival shall have no
liability as a consequence of Guest's use of ship's athletic or recreational equipment or as a consequence
of
Guest's decision to participate in any athletic or recreational activity or event.
(c) On international cruises which neither embark, disembark nor call at any
U.S.
port and where the Guest commences the cruise by embarkation or disembarks at the end of the Cruise in a
port of
a European Member State, Carnival shall be entitled to any and all liability limitations and immunities for
loss
of or damage to luggage, death and/or personal injury as provided under EU Regulation 392/2009 on the
liability
of carriers to passengers in the event of accidents. Unless the loss or damage was caused by a shipping
incident, which is defined as a shipwreck, capsizing, collision or stranding of the ship, explosion or fire
in
the ship, or defect in the ship (as defined by the Regulation), Carnival’s liability is limited to no
more
than 400,000 Special Drawing Rights (“SDR”) (approximately U.S. $608,000, which fluctuates
depending
on the daily exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal) if the passenger proves that the
incident
was a result of Carnival’s fault or neglect. If the loss or damage was caused by a shipping incident,
Carnival’s liability is limited to no more than 250,000 SDRs (approximately U.S. $380,000, which
fluctuates depending on the daily exchange rate as published in the Wall Street Journal). Compensation for
loss
caused by a shipping incident can increase to a maximum of 400,000 SDRs unless Carnival proves that the
shipping
incident occurred without Carnival’s fault or neglect. Shipping incidents do not include acts of war,
hostilities, civil war, insurrection, natural disasters, or intentional acts or omissions of third parties.
In
cases where the loss or damage was caused in connection with war or terrorism, Carnival’s liability
for
any personal injury or death (whether occurring during a shipping incident or a non-shipping incident) is
limited to the lower of 250,000 SDRs per passenger or 340 million SDRs per ship per incident. Punitive
damages
are not recoverable for cruises covered by EU Regulation 392/2009. For more information on the EU Regulation
392/2009, please see the Official Journal of the European Union EU Regulation 392/2009 PDF .
In addition, Guests embarking a cruise in a European Member State port are
afforded
rights under EU Regulation 1177/2010. For additional information on EU Regulation 392/2009 and EU Regulation
1177/2010, please visit Carnival's EU Regulation 392/2009 PDF and EU Regulation 1177/2010 PDF.
(d) Carnival shall not be liable to the passenger for damages for emotional
distress, mental suffering/anguish or psychological injury of any kind under any circumstances, except when
such
damages were caused by the negligence of Carnival and resulted from the same passenger sustaining actual
physical injury, or having been at risk of actual physical injury, or when such damages are held to be
intentionally inflicted by Carnival.
(e) In addition to all the restrictions and exemptions from liability provided
in
this Contract, including under Clause 12(c) for cruises that embark or disembark in a port of a European
Member
State, on all cruises Carnival shall also have the benefit of all statutes of the United States of America
providing for limitation and exoneration from liability and the procedures provide thereby, including but
not
limited Title 46 of the United States Code sections 30501 through 30509, and 30511. Nothing in this Contract
is
intended to nor shall it operate to limit or deprive Carnival or any such statutory limitation of or
exoneration
from liability under any applicable laws.
13. JURISDICTION, VENUE, ARBITRATION, TIME LIMITS FOR CLAIMS AND GOVERNING LAW
(a) Carnival shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever for personal injury,
illness or death of the Guest, unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 185 days
after
the date of the injury, event, illness or death giving rise to the claim. Suit to recover on any such claim
shall not be maintainable unless filed within one year after the date of the injury, event, illness or
death,
and unless served on Carnival within 120 days after filing. Guest expressly waives all other potentially
applicable state or federal limitations periods.
(b) Carnival shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever, other than for
personal
injury, illness or death of the Guest, unless full particulars in writing are given to Carnival within 30
days
after the Guest is landed from the Vessel or in the case the Voyage is abandoned, within 30 days thereafter.
Legal proceedings to recover on any claim whatsoever other than for personal injury, illness or death shall
not
be maintainable unless commenced within six months after the date Guest is landed from the Vessel or in the
case
the Voyage is abandoned, within six months thereafter, and unless served upon Carnival within 120 days after
commencement. Guest expressly waives all other potentially applicable state or federal limitation periods
for
claims which include, but are not limited to, allegations concerning any and all civil rights, the ADA,
trade
practices and/or advertising.
(c) Except as provided in Clause 13 (d) below, it is agreed by and between the
Guest
and Carnival that all disputes and matters whatsoever arising under, in connection with or incident to this
Contract or the Guest’s cruise, including travel to and from the vessel, shall be litigated, if at
all,
before the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida in Miami, or as to those
lawsuits
to which the Federal Courts of the United States lack subject matter jurisdiction, before a court located in
Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of the Courts of any other county, state or country.
(d) Any and all disputes, claims, or controversies whatsoever, other than for
personal injury, illness or death of a Guest, whether brought in personam or in rem or based on contract,
tort,
statutory, constitutional or other legal rights, including but not limited to alleged violation of civil
rights,
discrimination, consumer or privacy laws, or for any losses, damages or expenses, relating to or in any way
arising out of or connected with this Contract, the booking of the cruise, including but not limited to the
booking of Carnival Vacation Protection products, shore excursions, and land and hotel packages, or
Guest’s cruise, no matter how described, pleaded or styled, between the Guest and Carnival, with the
sole
exception of claims brought and litigated in small claims court, shall be referred to and resolved
exclusively
by binding arbitration pursuant to the United Nations Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of
Foreign
Arbitral Awards (New York 1958), 21 U.S.T. 2517, 330 U.N.T.S. 3, 1970 U.S.T. LEXIS 115, 9 U.S.C.
§§
202-208 (“the Convention”) and the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1, et seq.,
(“FAA”) solely in Miami-Dade County, Florida, U.S.A. to the exclusion of any other forum. Guest
hereby consents to jurisdiction and waives any venue or other objection that may be available to any such
arbitration proceeding in Miami-Dade, Florida. The arbitration shall be administered by National Arbitration
and
Mediation (“NAM”) under its Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and the fee
schedule in effect at the time of initiating the proceeding with NAM, which are deemed to be incorporated
herein
by reference. If you have a question about the arbitration process or to obtain a current copy of the
Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or fee schedule, you can contact them at: National
Arbitration and Mediation, attention Claims Department, 990 Stewart Street, First Floor, Garden City, NY
11530,
telephone number (800) 358-2550.
NEITHER PARTY WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OR TO ENGAGE IN
PRE-ARBITRATION
DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE APPLICABLE ARBITRATION RULES AND HEREIN, OR OTHERWISE TO LITIGATE THE
CLAIM
IN ANY COURT (OTHER THAN SMALL CLAIMS COURT). THE ARBITRATOR’S DECISION WILL BE FINAL AND BINDING.
OTHER
RIGHTS THAT GUEST OR CARNIVAL WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. An award
rendered by
an arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction under the Convention or FAA. Carnival and
Guest
further agree to permit the taking of a deposition under oath of the Guest asserting the claim, or for whose
benefit the claim is asserted, in any such arbitration. In the event this provision is deemed unenforceable
by
an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction for any reason, then and only then the provisions of Clause
13
(c) above governing venue and jurisdiction shall exclusively apply to any lawsuit involving claims described
in
this Clause.
(e) Except as expressly provided in Clause 12 (c), any and all disputes
whatsoever
arising out of or relating to this Contract or Guest’s Cruise as well as the interpretation,
applicability
and enforcement of this Contract shall be governed exclusively by the general federal maritime law of the
United
States, without regard to choice of law rules, which replaces, supersedes and preempts any provision of law
of
any other state or nation, however, the terms of this Contract do not displace non-excludable consumer laws
applicable in jurisdictions outside the United States.
14. CLASS ACTION WAIVER
THIS CONTRACT PROVIDES FOR THE EXCLUSIVE RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES THROUGH
INDIVIDUAL
LEGAL ACTION AND SUPERSEDES ANY LAW ENTITLING GUEST TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. THIS CLASS ACTION
WAIVER
PRECLUDES GUEST FROM PARTICIPATING IN OR BEING REPRESENTED IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION REGARDING
ANY
CLAIM BROUGHT UNDER THIS TICKET CONTRACT OR IN CONNECTION WITH GUEST'S CRUISE. EVEN IF APPLICABLE LAW
PROVIDES
OTHERWISE, GUEST AGREES THAT ANY ARBITRATION OR LAWSUIT AGAINST CARRIER WHATSOEVER SHALL BE LITIGATED BY
GUEST
INDIVIDUALLY AND NOT AS A MEMBER OF ANY CLASS OR AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION, AND GUEST EXPRESSLY AGREES TO
WAIVE
AUTHORITY TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS ON A CLASS ACTION BASIS. IF GUEST'S CLAIM IS SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION UNDER
CLAUSE
13(d) ABOVE, THE GUEST FURTHER AGREES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS MATERIAL AND
ESSENTIAL TO
THE ARBITRATION OF ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND IS NON-SEVERABLE FROM THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE
CLAIMS.
THE VALIDITY AND EFFECT OF THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER MAY BE DETERMINED ONLY BY A JUDGE OR COURT OF LAW AND
NOT BY
AN ARBITRATOR. GUEST AGREES THAT THIS SECTION SHALL NOT BE SEVERABLE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES FROM THE
ARBITRATION CLAUSE SET FORTH IN SECTION 13 (d) ABOVE, AND IF FOR ANY REASON THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS
UNENFORCEABLE AS TO ANY PARTICULAR CLAIM, THEN AND ONLY THEN SUCH CLAIM SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION.
Guest agrees that Carnival can receive immediate judicial assistance to enforce this class action waiver.
15. CARNIVAL’S USE OF GUEST’S LIKENESS
Each Guest grants Carnival and/or its promotional partners the exclusive right
to
include photographic, video and other visual portrayals of Guest in any medium of any nature whatsoever for
any
purpose including without limitation trade, advertising, sales, publicity or otherwise, without compensation
to
Guest, and all rights, title and interest therein (including all worldwide copyrights therein) shall be
Carnival’s sole property, free from any claims by Guest or any person deriving any rights or interest
from
Guest. Each Guest understands and agrees that professional onboard photographers may photograph Guest, and
that
those photos may be processed, displayed and sold to Guests and others. For additional information regarding
Carnival’s use of Guest’s likeness including use of facial recognition technology please refer to Clause
9(g)
above.
16. GUEST’S USE OF PHOTOS, VIDEOS OR RECORDINGS PROHIBITED
Guest hereby expressly agrees that he/she will not utilize any tape recording,
video, or photograph(s) of himself/herself, any other Guest, crew, or third party on board the vessel, or
depicting the vessel, its design, equipment, or any part thereof whatsoever, for any commercial purpose or
in
any media broadcast, or for any other non-private use, without the express written consent of Carnival. For
the
privacy of our guests and crew, Guest expressly agrees not to record or video interactions with other guests
or
crew without their express permission, and Guest further agrees that any use of video, photographic or
recording
equipment, including cell phones, in the medical center is expressly prohibited. Guest acknowledges that by
boarding the vessel, at any time, Guest irrevocably agrees to this provision, which is a condition precedent
to
being permitted on board the vessel and can be enforced by any legal means, including, but not limited to,
injunctive relief.
17. GUEST’S OBLIGATIONS FOR EXPENSES OR IF CONFINED, DENIED BOARDING OR DISEMBARKED
(a) Guest agrees if Carnival incurs any expense or sustains any damage as
delineated
in but not limited to Clauses 2, 4, 5, 8, 10 and this Clause, that Carnival may charge Guest's on-board
charge
account for any expense incurred or damage sustained.
(b) If Guest is denied boarding, confined to a stateroom or disembarked from the
vessel pursuant to any provision of this contract, including but not limited to Clauses 2, 4, 5, 8, and 10,
Guest agrees:
i. Carnival will not be liable for any refund of Cruise Fare, other compensation
or
any damages;
ii. All rights under Carnival's Vacation Guarantee are forfeited. This
forfeiture
also applies to any Guest who disembarks because another Guest is disembarked;
iii. Disembarkation and repatriation to the embarkation port or any other
destination will be at Guest's sole expense; and,
iv. To indemnify Carnival and that Carnival may charge Guest's on-board charge
account for any and all expenses incurred by Carnival in relation to Guest's disembarkation and/or
repatriation.
IMPORTANT TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON CRUISE PORTIONS OF VACATION PACKAGES - PLEASE READ CAREFULLY
18. Please see above for the applicable terms and conditions
for
the cruise portion of Guests vacations. For avoidance of doubt, and unless specifically contradicted in
Clauses
18 through 28, the above terms and conditions, including the terms and conditions in Clauses 11 through
14,
which contain important limitations on the rights of guests to assert claims against carnival cruise
line,
the
vessel, their agents and employees, and others, including forum selection, choice of law, time
limitations
for
filing suit, arbitration, and waiver of jury trial for certain claims, cover Carrier’s Carnival Vacation
Protection products, shore excursions, and land and hotel packages. The terms and conditions in this
paragraph
apply only to Carnival's responsibilities for non-cruise portions of vacation packages. Other terms and
conditions with respect to air travel, hotel and other non-cruise activities may be applied by the
entities
providing those services.
19. The payment of the required deposit or any partial or full
payment for reservation of a land package before or after the cruise shall constitute acceptance and
consent
to
all of the terms and conditions of this Contract and the General Information and Vacation Package
Conditions
and
Restrictions contained in the brochure for such vacation package and/or the brochures and circulars of
the
suppliers. These provisions are hereby incorporated by reference in this Contract and vacation package
Guests
(hereinafter referred to as Guests) are advised to take note of them.
20. For purposes of this paragraph “CARNIVAL”
refers to
Carnival Cruise Line, its affiliates, subsidiary companies, agents, servants, and employees. CARNIVAL is
the
principle tour operator and its responsibility to Guests is limited to the arrangement of all tours and
accommodations offered in these vacation packages. CARNIVAL shall not be responsible for personal
injuries,
death, or property damage, economic loss, inconvenience or delay, consequential damages, or change of
itinerary
or accommodations incurred by any person or Guest which may occur due to acts or omissions or tortious
conduct
on the part of any direct or supplemental air carrier, hotel or other suppliers of arrangements and
services
or
other independent contractors, their employees, agents or others not under the direct control of
CARNIVAL.
21. CARNIVAL reserves the right to decline to accept or to
reject
any person as a Guest, at any time, or to cancel a vacation package due to circumstances beyond the
control
of
CARNIVAL.
22. CARNIVAL reserves the right to substitute hotels for other
hotels in a similar category, to substitute air carriers, and to change schedules without prior notice
should
circumstances so require.
23. If a change in the itinerary is needed due to factors or
conditions beyond CARNIVAL'S control, no refund or credit will be made, however, CARNIVAL will make an
effort to
provide accommodations and services of a comparable quality and standard as set forth in the brochure.
Any
such
change shall not modify the cancellation provisions in the brochure. No credit will be allowed or refund
given
for any services provided in the brochure should any such services not be utilized by Participants.
24. CARNIVAL makes no representations or warranties, implied or
otherwise, in regard to the reliability of suppliers or independent contractors, nor does it assume a
duty
of
safety or responsibility for the independent acts of suppliers, independent contractors, their employees
or
agents.
25. Vacation packages are non-transferable. Fares shall be
deemed
to be earned when paid and non-refundable unless otherwise expressly stated in the cancellation
provisions
in
the brochure.
26. CARNIVAL shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever
other
than for personal injury, illness or death, of the Guest unless full particulars thereof in writing are
given to
CARNIVAL within 30 days after the Guest shall complete the packages, or in the case that the tour is
abandoned,
within 30 days thereafter. Suit to recover any claim shall not be maintainable in any event unless
commenced
within six months after the date of the loss.
27. CARNIVAL shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever for
personal injury, or illness or death of the Guest unless full particulars in writing are given to
Carnival
within 185 days after the date of the injury, event, illness or death giving rise to the claim. Suit to
recover
on any such claim shall not be maintainable unless filed within one year after the date of the injury,
event,
illness or death, and unless served on Carnival within 120 days after filing.
28. It is agreed by Guest and CARNIVAL that all disputes
between
Guest and CARNIVAL arising under or in connection with a vacation package shall be litigated, if at all,
in
and
before the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida in Miami-Dade County,
Florida,
U.S.A., to the exclusion of the courts of any other state or county.
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CARNIVAL’S AIR PROGRAMS
29. Arrangements by CARNIVAL: If you are participating in our
FLY2FUN program, or FLY2FUN and Tour package, Carnival will arrange for air transportation from the
select
home
cities offered to an airport near the departure point of your Cruise or Cruise tour and return air
transportation from an airport near the termination point of your Cruise or Cruise tour to the home city
from
which you departed. Please refer to Carnival’s web page for additional information on our FLY2FUN
program
and destinations. Carnival reserves the right to add or withdraw an air city at any time, but will
attempt
to
accommodate those Guests under deposit or final payment. Air bookings are not guaranteed and are subject
to
air
carrier’s availability and restrictions. Guest who purchased the FLY2FUN program will be
responsible
for
securing their own hotel accommodations and will be responsible for hotel, taxes, porterage and
transportation
between the hotel and the airport/pier.
30. Schedule Changes/Air Delays: Carnival strives to
accommodate
each Guest on flights that will ensure timely arrival and boarding of your ship. In the event that the
Guest
is
precluded from a timely arrival to the port of embarkation, as a result of weather conditions or other
flight
delays, Carnival, at its own expense, will make the flight, transportation, and lodging arrangements
necessary
to coordinate for the Guest’s successful boarding at ship’s next port of call. Carnival
reserves
the
right to change or alter, without notice, flight arrangements in order to meet our ship departure and/or
arrival
times. Guest will be notified of flight re-accommodations. If tickets have already been issued, Carnival
will
adjust your itinerary or air carrier accordingly and will notify Guests of any price adjustments that
may be
necessary. If you choose to cancel your flight arrangements or alter your airline schedule in any way
once
your
tickets have been issued you will be responsible for any additional cost or fees resulting from the
cancellation
or change, which can total up to the full cost of the ticket. If you request Carnival’s assistance
with a
change in airline arrangements, within 60 days of departure and you purchased FLY2FUN Flexible Fare
program,
a
service fee of $200 USD, or its equivalent in foreign currency, will be levied in addition to any
charges
imposed by the airlines. If you purchased the FLY2FUN Restricted Fare program and you chose to make a
change,
all airline imposed change fees will be levied regardless of when the change is made. If your flights
are
delayed, refer to the Fly2Fun page.
31. Refunds/Seat Assignments/Special Services/Fares/Lost
Tickets/Baggage Charges: Failure to use your FLY2FUN airline ticket/s results in a waiver of its value
and
any
compensation; unused airline tickets are only refundable to Carnival. Please note that because of
changing
airline tariffs, your actual air ticket may reflect fares higher or lower than the air add-on or cruise
only
credit amounts originally quoted. If so, the difference is neither chargeable nor refundable to you; you
will be
charged the amount originally quoted. Carnival reserves the right to pass on to the Guest any
cancellation
or
change penalties, which may total up to the amount originally quoted. It is your sole responsibility to
re-confirm flight arrangements, within 48 hours of flight departure. Please note that although Carnival
Cruise
Line can pass requests for seat assignments, special meals and special assistance to the airlines, we
cannot
guarantee that such requests will be honored. For the best travel experience, we recommend that Guests
or
their
travel agents contact the airlines directly to confirm these requests. Carnival is not responsible for
airline
schedule changes. Guests are responsible for luggage fees, excess luggage charges as well as any other
charges
imposed by airlines or airports. For additional information on airline’s baggage charges and fees
please
refer to the Airline Baggage FAQs page,
reference
against the Travel Information page you received along with your cabin confirmation or the Travel
Information
page in your cruise document accessed through Manage My Cruise. If a paper ticket is issued instead of
an
E-ticket, the original paper ticket must be returned to Carnival; any outstanding refund will be held
pending
the receipt of the paper tickets.
32. Liability and Relationship with Airlines: If Carnival is
unable
to arrange for air transportation for any cause beyond Carnival’s control, such as airline
capacity
controls, air transportation arranged is no longer available, or otherwise fails to materialize,
Carnival’s sole liability will be limited to refunding the air add-on paid or cruise only credit.
Carnival
acts as an independent travel agent, and it is not affiliated with the airline carriers. Carnival books
air
as a
convenience for the Guests. Carnival assumes no liability for any of the airlines’ acts or
omissions,
including, without limitation, those involving cancellation of flights, schedule changes, re-routings,
damage to
or delay or loss of baggage, flight delays, equipment failures, accidents, pilot or other staff
shortages,
overbooking or clerical/system errors. Your rights against the airlines are controlled and subject to
the
terms
and conditions set forth in the airline’s ticket and tariffs, and any and all applicable laws and
regulations.
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CARNIVAL EASY PAY OPTION
33. This offer applies only to qualifying cruises where the
"Carnival Easy Pay" option is available on the cruise detail page.
34. This offer is not transferable and may not be combined with
other offers.
35. To be eligible for this offer, Guest must reside in the
United
States of America and must have a valid credit card associated with their Carnival.com account. Please
note
that
this program is not available to Guests using a debit card, PayPal, or ACH from a bank account (e.g.,
checking
or savings account) to make payments. This offer may not be available to every guest and may not be
available
for all qualifying cruises. In determining eligibility for this offer, Carnival reserves the right to
consider,
for each transaction, factors including Guest’s payment history and the nature and price of the
cruise
being reserved. Carnival will not use a credit report to determine eligibility for this offer.
36. Carnival reserves the right to cancel this offer at any
time.
37. Guest will be charged the full price of the applicable
deposit
in one initial payment and subsequent monthly payments (if the full price is not evenly divisible,
Guest’s
final payment amount may be smaller). No interest or finance charges apply to this offer. Any interest,
finance
charges or fees assessed by the issuer of the payment method to which payments are charged may still
apply.
Taxes (other than Cruise Taxes, Fees, and Port Expenses) may apply in certain jurisdictions. Any
applicable
taxes will be due and assessed in full as part of Guest’s initial payment when the booking is
completed.
38. Guest authorizes Carnival to charge each payment to the
credit
card associated with Guest’s Carnival.com account that was used to make the initial payment or, if
Carnival is unable to complete a charge using such credit card, to any other credit card Guest has on
file
in
Guest’s Carnival.com account. Guest agrees to maintain in their Carnival.com account at least one
valid
credit card that expires no earlier than 20 days after the last payment due date.
39. Guest may prepay the full remaining balance of their
purchase
at any time, but may not prepay a portion of the remaining balance.
40. If Carnival is not able to charge any payment to a credit
card
on file in Guest’s Carnival.com account, Carnival reserves the right to pursue any remedy
available,
including the right to cancel Guest’s reservation, as well as all remaining Guests in the same
cabin.
Guest agrees that Carnival and its affiliates have no liability related to the exercise of these
remedies.
INTERNATIONAL CRUISE LINE PASSENGER BILL OF RIGHT
The Members of the Cruise Lines International Association are dedicated to the comfort and care of all passengers
on oceangoing cruises throughout the world.  To fulfill this commitment, our Members have agreed to adopt
the following set of passenger rights:
The right to disembark a docked ship if essential provisions such as food, water, restroom facilities and
access to medical care cannot adequately be provided onboard, subject only to the Master’s concern for
passenger safety and security and customs and immigration requirements of the port.
The right to a full refund for a trip that is canceled due to mechanical failures, or a partial refund for
voyages that are terminated early due to those failures.
The right to have available on board ships operating beyond rivers or coastal waters full-time, professional
emergency medical attention, as needed until shore side medical care becomes available.
The right to timely information updates as to any adjustments in the itinerary of the ship in the event of a
mechanical failure or emergency, as well as timely updates of the status of efforts to address mechanical
failures.
The right to a ship crew that is properly trained in emergency and evacuation procedures.
The right to an emergency power source in the case of a main generator failure.
The right to transportation to the ship’s scheduled port of disembarkation or the passenger’s
home
city in the event a cruise is terminated early due to mechanical failures.
The right to lodging if disembarkation and an overnight stay in an unscheduled port are required when a
cruise
is terminated early due to mechanical failures.
The right to have included on each cruise line’s website a toll-free phone line that can be used for
questions or information concerning any aspect of shipboard operations.
The right to have this Cruise Line Passenger Bill of Rights published on each line’s website.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please read these terms and conditions prior to using this site.
By using this site, you agree to the following terms and conditions:
OWNERSHIP AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE
This site is owned and operated by CARNIVAL CRUISE LINES ("CARNIVAL"). All materials contained in this site are
the copyrighted property of CARNIVAL. No material from CARNIVAL.COM or any Web site owned, operated, licensed,
or controlled by CARNIVAL collectively or any one of which is referred to as "the Carnival Sites" may be copied,
reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download
one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you
keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials
for any other purpose is a violation of CARNIVAL's copyright and other proprietary rights. For purposes of these
terms, the use of any such material on any other Web site or computer network environment is expressly
prohibited. Carnival owns all right, title and interest in and to all trademarks, service marks, and trade names
included in the Web Site. The Legal Notice section of this page provides additional information about Carnival’s copyright, trademark and
other intellectual property rights.
To the extent the Web Site provides interactive capabilities that allow you to submit information or data on the
Web Site, you expressly acknowledge you may not upload to, distribute through, or otherwise publish through the
Carnival Sites any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of
privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable that would constitute or encourage a
criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise give rise to liability or violates
any law.
By uploading or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such
rights has expressly granted) us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use,
reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or
incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the
universe. In addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived.
Any personal information you provide to us while registering on CARNIVAL.COM, BOOKCCL.COM or when using
CARNIVAL.COM will be used by Carnival in accordance with Carnival’s Privacy
Notice. Non-personal information you send or communicate to us, such as questions, comments or
inquiries, will be not considered personal information and therefore will not be subject to our Privacy Notice.
Accordingly, Carnival may use any such non-personal information you supply to us, which may include, but is not
limited to, any inventions, ideas, concepts or know-how, without restriction or liability.
REGISTRATION, PASSWORD AND SECURITY
When you register with CARNIVAL.COM, you will create a login name and a password in completing the registration
process and will provide us with certain information. It is your responsibility to provide us with true and
accurate information during the registration process. Carnival will accept your information as it is provided to
us. We will not verify the truth, accuracy or completeness of your information and we expressly disclaim any
liability in connection therewith. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. It
is also your sole obligation to immediately notify Carnival of any unauthorized use of your account or any other
breach of security.
MODIFICATION OF TERMS
Carnival reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time at our
discretion. You may check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Carnival Sites
subsequent to the revisions of these terms (including the CARNIVAL.COM Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions
applicable to Carnival's Internet Booking Application) means you accept those changes.
TERMINATION
These terms are effective until terminated by CARNIVAL, for any reason, with or without notice. Upon
termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from the Carnival Sites and all copies thereof, whether
made under the terms of these terms or otherwise.
LINKS
Carnival, at its discretion, may provide links to other web sites or resources or allow third party web sites to
link to CARNIVAL.COM. Because Carnival has no control over such web sites or resources, you expressly understand
and agree that Carnival is not responsible in any way or form for the contents, products, advertising,
materials, services or resources contained on any other web sites and Carnival does not endorse or sponsor any
third party web sites. Carnival is not responsible or liable, whether directly or indirectly, for any damage,
loss or claims by or in connection with your use or reliance on any content, products, advertising, materials,
services or resources available on or through such web sites.
DISCLAIMER
THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, CARNIVAL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. CARNIVAL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF
VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. CARNIVAL DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR
THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR
OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT CARNIVAL) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION.
APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
CARNIVAL ADDITIONALLY DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE ACCURACY OF FARES AND PRICES
(COLLECTIVELY, “FARES”) ADVERTISED ON THE CARNIVAL SITES AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR OR OBLIGATED TO HONOR
ERRONEOUS OR INACCURATE FARES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL CARNIVAL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE, EVEN IF
CARNIVAL OR A CARNIVAL AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE
LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE
LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNIVAL'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL
DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), OR
OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THIS SITE.
JURISDICTION
This site is controlled and operated by CARNIVAL from its offices within the State of Florida, United States of
America. CARNIVAL makes no representation that materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in
other locations. These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Florida, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in
equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in
Miami-Dade County and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes
of litigating any such action.
SHORE EXCURSION IMPORTANT CONDITIONS
Please read the following information before ordering any shore excursions online. These conditions are binding
once you purchase any shore excursion provided by independent tour operators through Carnival. The deadline for
making shore excursion bookings online is 3 days prior to sailing, unless otherwise noted in the shore excursion
description. All of the shore excursions listed on the carnival.com website may not be available for every
cruise itinerary.
All excursions are subject to change without notice. Descriptions, departure times, itineraries, pricing and
locations may be altered and may vary due to unforeseen circumstances. Descriptions and excursion lengths are
all based on approximate times and predetermined points of interest. Changes may be unavoidable and can be made
at the tour operator’s sole discretion. Departure times and meeting places will be printed on the shore
excursion ticket. As a delay may result in a missed excursion or interfere with the excursion’s normal
operation, guests are required to report to the specified location, at the designated departure time.
You will be required to pay for your shore excursion order in full using our secure online credit card
processing. You will receive instant online confirmation that your order has been paid in full. Your tickets
will be delivered to your cabin prior to embarkation.
Shore Excursion Cancellation and Refund Policy
Shore excursions may be cancelled by Carnival or the Tour Operator due to inclement weather conditions, or any
other reason whatsoever. In which case, and as your sole recourse, full refunds will be made to guests who have
purchased cancelled excursions.
Excursions may be canceled or modified depending on the number of guests participating. Some excursions require
a minimum number of guests to operate. If this minimum is not met, excursions may be cancelled by the Tour
Operator and full refunds will be issued.
For online cancellations that occur outside the cut-off window, 3 days prior to sailing, a full refund will
automatically be posted to the credit card that was used to pay for the shore excursion order. Please allow 5-7
business days for the credit to post to your account. No changes can be made within the cut-off window. If you
need to make changes after the cut-off date, you must wait until sailing and see the Shore Excursion Manager
onboard. In the event of a cruise booking cancellation within the cut-off window, a full refund will
automatically be posted to the credit card used to pay for the order.
If the designated contact person on a shore excursion order must cancel from their cruise booking and the
remaining guests who are sailing would like to retain the shore excursion order, a new contact person needs to
be assigned. If a designated contact person cancels and does not reassign the responsibility, the associated
shore excursion orders will automatically cancel and be refunded.
Once onboard, cancellations are subject to a 25% cancellation charge. However, within 24 hours of arrival in
port, all shore excursion orders are non-refundable. A refund, less any applicable cancellation charges, will be
applied to the designated contact person’s sail and sign account. Carnival will only offer shipboard
credit for shore excursion order refunds, but note any credit not utilized by the end of your cruise will be
refunded via check to the order’s designated contact person on the morning of debarkation.
Guests are encouraged to purchase Carnival’s Cruise Vacation Protection Plan to cover any eligible
non-refundable shore excursion cancellation charges.
Responsibility
Carnival is not responsible for any losses, damage, death, injuries, or claims whatsoever arising from,
connected with, or related to any activities engaged in by guests while off Carnival’s ships or water
shuttles in any port of call. This includes all shore excursions, whether booked online, sold onboard or sold by
third parties ashore. Guests engage in all such activities off the ship at their own risk.
Carnival acts only as an agent for the independent tour operators supplying excursions or services. Independent
contractors operate all shore excursions, including any related transportation. Carnival neither supervises nor
controls their actions, nor makes any representation either expressed or implied as to their suitability.
Carnival sells tickets for all excursions as a convenience to guests only. Tour operators, transportation
providers, and their employees are neither agents nor employees of Carnival, notwithstanding their use of any
signage or clothing which may contain the name “Carnival” or other related trade names or logos. It
is understood and agreed that Carnival assumes no responsibility for, nor guarantees performance of, and in no
event shall be liable for, any loss, damage, injury, or death in connection with said excursions or
transportation. Please review your ticket for further information regarding your rights and obligations as well
as those of Carnival.
Excursions/Tours & Activities not Sold by Carnival
Carnival recommends that guests do not engage in excursions, tours or activities that are not sold through
Carnival as Carnival has no familiarity whatsoever with these services or their operations.
Restrictions
Please note that there are certain restrictions based on age, health, weight and/or height, which have been
imposed by the individual excursion operators for your own safety. Carnival urges you to abide by them.
Tour operators have the right to require any individual to withdraw from an excursion at any time if they deem
that individual’s conduct detrimental to or incompatible with the interests, comfort, well-being or
harmony of the group as a whole. Tour operators reserve the right to alter or adjust excursions to meet local
conditions for participant safety and convenience. Neither Carnival nor local tour operators will extend
financial reimbursement to compensate for a guest’s disappointment in the event that circumstances beyond
the reasonable control of Carnival or the tour operator make it impossible to provide services as
intended.
Helicopter Weight Policy
The Federal Aviation Administration requires guests’ weights and names for weight and balance calculations
as well as flight manifesting. Any guest whose weight is 250 pounds or more will be required to purchase a seat
and a half. You must purchase the specific helicopter excursion for guests over 250 pounds or you will be
refused service. Once onboard you may see the Shore Excursion Manager for assistance.
Pricing
Prices for shore excursions are quoted per person, in U.S. dollars and are subject to change without notice.
Prices also vary by departure date and time and are capacity controlled. Some restrictions may apply. Most
prices include transportation and when noted, meals, refreshments, guides and entrance fees. On snorkeling,
scuba and golf excursions, only the equipment specified is included in the price. Some fishing excursions,
particularly in Alaska, require the purchase of a fishing license, unless otherwise noted. Please see Fishing Policies.
Children three years old or less, who do not occupy a seat, will not be charged and do not require a ticket
unless noted in the shore excursion description. Children between the ages of 4 to 12 years and teens between
the ages of 13 to 18 years will be charged full adult price or special child/teen prices, when applicable and
noted. Guests under 18 years of age must be accompanied by an adult to participate in shore excursions. Some
excursions require a minimum age to participate and will be noted accordingly.
Fishing Policies
Alaska State law requires a valid one-day fishing license, which may be purchased from your excursion boat
captain. In addition, during King Salmon season, you are also required to purchase a King Salmon license.
Children 12 and under are required to wear life jackets at all times while onboard the fishing boat. Children
must weigh 40 pounds or more to fit the life jacket and participate in the fishing excursion.
Personal Possessions
Neither Carnival, nor the Tour Operators will be responsible for personal possessions. Do not leave your
possessions unattended at any time, either in the vehicles in which you are traveling or otherwise. Remember
coats, umbrellas, cameras, handbags, wallets, traveling bags, binoculars, and similar items remain, at all times
throughout the shore excursion, under the guest’s custody and control.
Transportation
Guests should consider that standards of transportation vary considerably throughout the world. Air-conditioned
motorcoaches are not available in many areas. In some destinations, local buses are the best available. Guests
wishing to travel with friends should all leave the ship together, as this will help the shore excursion staff
allocate sufficient space in the same vehicle.
Please note that motorcoaches and other forms of transportation may require guests to climb 2 to 3 steps. Most,
but not all motorcoaches, can accommodate collapsible wheelchairs. Staff is not obligated to lift guests into or
out of vehicles. Transportation via water shuttle may prevent guests in wheelchairs from going ashore at certain
ports of call. For further information about specific excursions’ transportation accessibility, please
look for the accessibility advisories online, represented by a blue wheelchair icon or see the Shore Excursion
Manager onboard.
Required Documentation & Identification
Please note that travel documentation requirements vary by destination and change often. It is the
responsibility of the guest to provide valid travel and medical history documents required for air travel,
debarkation at various ports of call and re-entry into the appropriate country of origin.
Your Sail & Sign Card will serve as your identification card when you re-board the ship in a port of call.
Remember to take it with you whenever you go ashore. You will be required to show it to a Carnival security
officer in order to re-board the ship.
THE FUN SHOPS ONLINE IMPORTANT CONDITIONS
Please read the following information before ordering anything from The Fun Shops online. All online orders are
subject to these shopping terms & conditions.
All orders are accepted up to and no later than two days prior to debarkation date. Prices and deadlines are
subject to change without notice. Holidays and changes in the itineraries may cause shorter deadlines. Some
products, such as flowers, are time sensitive and must be ordered within a specific time frame prior to sailing
(varies by ship port). ALL ORDERS MUST BE PREPAID. In the event an item is not available at the time of sailing,
an item of equal value will be substituted. The Fun Shops Online products may be subject to sales tax depending
on the location of delivery.
Alcohol Orders
Alcohol orders are not permitted to be taken to any location outside of the approved delivery locations
specified for those products at checkout. This program is designed for in-cabin entertaining or in-dining
consumption only. Consumption in public areas is strictly prohibited.
Cruise Cash
Cruise Cash provides an immediate credit to a guest's onboard Sail & Sign account. Although the cruise cash
cannot be redeemed for cash, the cruise cash is a non-refundable credit that can enhance a guest’s
cruising experience; the credit can be applied to cover charges to their onboard account, including taxes and
gratuity charges. The total amount of the Cruise Cash purchased must be used in a single voyage, cannot be
transferred to any future booking, and any unused credits will be forfeited.
Cruise Cash Bar
Cruise Cash Bar provides an immediate credit to a guest's Sail & Sign onboard account; this credit can be
applied to cover any bar purchase, including CHEERS, alcoholic drinks, juice, soda, water, and coffee shop
charges. Cruise Cash Bar is valid for a single voyage and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Cruise Cash
Bar is non-refundable and any unused credits will be forfeited.
Cruise Cash Photo
Cruise Cash Photo provides an immediate credit to a guest's Sail & Sign onboard account; this credit can be
applied toward Photo purchases. This credit is good for any photo department charge made to their account
including photos, camera batteries, cameras, and photo albums. Cruise Cash Photo is valid for a single voyage
and cannot be transferred to future bookings. Cruise Cash Photo is non-refundable and any unused credits will be
forfeited.
Formalwear Rentals
Formalwear rentals are only available for pre-cruise orders. Formalwear inventory is not kept onboard,
therefore, selections cannot be exchanged onboard for alternate colors or sizing. The delivery and formalwear
rentals are provided by an independent contractor; Carnival assumes no responsibility for the acts of the
independent contractor.
OTHER
If any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision
shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
provisions. This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be
modified except in writing, signed by all parties.
MOBILE APPLICATION TERMS & CONDITIONS
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
CARNIVAL MOBILE APPLICATION
INTRODUCTION AND OVERVIEW
PARENTAL CONSENT
1. THE APPLICATION
2. LICENSE GRANT AND USE RESTRICTIONS
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
4. NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES
5. ACCOUNTS, PROFILES AND SOCIAL FEATURES
6. PURCHASE OF CHAT SUBSCRIPTION
7. TERM AND TERMINATION
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
10. INDEMNIFICATION
11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY BINDING ARBITRATION
12. MISCELLANEOUS
Third Party Terms [APPLE, GOOGLE]
If you'd like to review our Privacy Notice for Mobile Apps, please refer to Carnival's Privacy Notice.
End User License Agreement for CARNIVAL MOBILE APPLICATION
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT CLICK THE
“ACCEPT” BUTTON OR DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE APPLICATION.
Top
Introduction and Overview
Please read this end user software license agreement (“License”) carefully before clicking the
“Accept” button or downloading or using the Carnival Mobile Application (“Application”
or “App”).  As used herein, “Application” includes, without limitation, any
services specific to the Application, software code, scripts, interfaces, graphics, displays, text, images,
artwork, music or video clips, documentation and other components or content and any updates, modifications or
enhancements to these items accompanying the Application or this License.  These terms are an
agreement between You and Carnival Cruise Lines (“Carnival,” “us,” and
“our”) and its affiliates (individually and collectively,
“Carnival”).  “You,” “Your” and “Licensee” in this
License refer to You, an individual, and/or to the company or other legal entity on whose behalf You accept
this License.
TO USE MANY OF THE FEATURES OF THIS APP, YOU MUST BE ON BOARD A CARNIVAL VESSEL.
This Application is licensed to You by Carnival for use strictly in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this License. By clicking the “accept” button or downloading or using the Application, You are entering
into and agreeing to be bound by the terms of this License, the Carnival Terms and Conditions located on the
Terms and Conditions page, and the Carnival
Privacy Notice located on the Privacy Notice page; each as
amended from time to time, and which policies are incorporated herein by reference. If there are
any inconsistencies between this License and the Carnival Terms and Conditions, this License takes precedence
with respect to the Application. If at any time after reviewing the Application You wish to terminate this
License, You must un-install and remove the Application from Your Device, and delete any copy of the Application
in Your possession.
Your use of the Application also may be governed by terms and conditions required by (i) any applicable third
party content and service providers, (ii) the manufacturer and other providers of Your Device and its hardware
and software components, including its operating system, (iii) the online store or other applicable distributor
through which You obtain the Application, (iv) the applicable wireless service agreement for Your Device, (v)
any applicable open source or third party software license, and (vi) the terms or conditions governing Your
personal accounts for web content services You access through the Application ((i) through (vi), including
without limitation those terms listed in the “Third Party Terms” section of this License,
collectively being referred to as the “Related Agreements”). No Related Agreement, however, shall
have the effect of limiting, encumbering or otherwise restricting Carnival’s rights and remedies or Your
obligations under this License, or waiving any restrictions on Your rights to use the Application under this
License. This License shall not have the effect of limiting, encumbering or otherwise restricting
Carnival’s rights and remedies or Your obligations under any Related Agreement between You and Carnival,
or waiving any restrictions on Your rights under any Related Agreement between You and Carnival. You understand
and agree that even if You are not the account-holder for Your Device, Your purchase and use of the Application
is governed by terms and conditions in the applicable service wireless service agreement for Your Device.
If Carnival makes any updates or upgrades to the Application available to You, such updates or upgrades shall be
subject to the terms and conditions of this License unless the Application is expressly provided to You under
other, or additional terms and conditions, in which case, those other, or additional terms and conditions (which
may include the payment of additional fees), shall apply.
Top
IF YOU ARE BETWEEN THE AGES OF THIRTEEN (13) AND
SEVENTEEN (17), YOU MAY USE THIS APPLICATION ONLY WITH THE INVOLVEMENT OF A PARENT OR GUARDIAN WHO AGREES TO
THESE TERMS AND TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USE.
IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 13, YOU MAY ONLY USE THIS APPLICATION WITH THE EXPRESS CONSENT OF YOUR
PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN.
Your Parent or Legal Guardian can provide Carnival with their consent in the following ways:
Using a credit card, debit card, or other online payment system that provides notification
of each separate transaction to the account holder;
Providing consent when granting You authority to make charges to Your parent’s Sail
& Sign account;
If onboard a Carnival Vessel, providing a copy of a form of government issued ID to Guest
Services.
Each time You access and/or use the Application (other than to simply read the terms and conditions of this
License), You agree to be bound by and comply with the terms and conditions of this License, the Carnival Terms
and Conditions, the Carnival Mobile App Privacy Notice and any other applicable terms and conditions set forth
in any Related Agreements. DO NOT USE THIS APPLICATION IF YOU DO NOT AGREE.
The business realities associated with operating the Application are such that, without the conditions that are
set forth in this License – such as Your grants and waivers of rights, the limitations on our liability,
and Your indemnity to us – we would not make the Application available to You.
THIS LICENSE IS SUBJECT TO THE ARBITRATION PROVISION INCLUDED IN SECTION 11 OF THIS LICENSE.
Top
1. THE APPLICATION: In order to access the
Application while aboard Carnival Vessels (“Vessels”), You will need access to the unsecured
Carnival Wi-Fi Service (“Wi-Fi”). Please review the Terms of Service & Acceptable Use Policy for
the Carnival Wi-Fi Service onboard prior to accessing Wi-Fi.
The Application allows You to effortlessly find up-to-date information about Your Carnival cruise:
Before check-in, countdown to Your cruise and share the application with Your friends.
After check-in, when You log in with WiFi, You will be able to access information regarding
onboard activities, restaurants, menus, open times, entertainment, ports of call, spa
services, and shopping.
You can also:
Create an online profile. You can choose an avatar from Facebook or Your phone image library
and whether to make Your profile public or private.
View ship messages and announcements
See what's happening every minute of every day
Save favorite activities to one convenient list
If You purchase the Application Chat function, You can add other cruisers who have also
purchased the Application Chat function to Your contacts and Chat with them during Your
cruise.
Voice, data and messaging rates may apply when You use this Application.
1.1 CONSENT TO USE LOCATION INFORMATION: By using this Application, You agree that Carnival may
collect and share Your Location Information for such purpose. If You do not want Your Location Information
collected either do not download/use the Application or You may modify Your Device settings to disable
collection of Your Location Information.
1.2 CONSENT TO DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION: This Application allows You to create a Profile in
which You can share Your name, Your cruise itinerary, plans, and other information regarding Your cruise. This
Application also allows You to view some of the Personal Information of the contact that You add to Your
Profile. In addition, if You elect to purchase the Application Chat function, You can communicate with contacts
that You add to Your profile. You and the contact with whom You communicate will be able to view past Chats. You
consent to the display of Your personal information, including without limitation Your name, photo, or other
information, by the Application.
Top
2. LICENSE GRANT AND USE RESTRICTIONS.
2.1 License Grant. Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 2.2, Carnival grants You a
personal, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to install and use one copy of the
Application on a single device owned and controlled by You (“Device”), and to access and use the
Application on such Device solely for Your personal entertainment use, strictly in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this License, the Related Agreements, and all applicable local, national, and international laws
and regulations.  You represent, warrant and agree that You are using the Application solely
for Your own personal entertainment use and not for redistribution or transfer of any kind.
2.2 Restrictions on Use. You shall not: (a) decompile, reverse engineer,
disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, or decrypt the Application, even for research purposes; (b)
make any modification, adaptation, improvement, enhancement, translation or derivative work from the
Application; (c) violate any applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with Your access or use of the
Application; (d) remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or
trademark) of Carnival or its collaborators, suppliers or licensors; (e) use the Application in a manner that
derives revenue directly from such use, or use the Application for any other purpose for which it is not
designed or intended; (f) install, use or permit the Application to exist on more than one Device at a time or
on any other mobile device or computer; (g) distribute the Application to multiple Devices; (h) make the
Application available over a network or other environment permitting access or use by multiple Devices or users
at the same time; (i) use the Application for creating a product, service or software that is, directly or
indirectly, competitive with or in any way a substitute for any services, product or software offered by
Carnival; (j) use the Application to send automated queries to any website or to send any unsolicited commercial
e-mail; (k) use any proprietary information or interfaces of Carnival or other intellectual property of Carnival
in the design, development, manufacture, licensing or distribution of any applications, accessories or devices
for use with the Application; (l) circumvent, disable or tamper with any security-related components or other
protective measures applicable to the Application or the Device or (m) reproduce, archive, retransmit,
distribute, disseminate, sell, lease, rent, exchange, modify, broadcast, synchronize, publicly perform, publish,
publicly display, make available to third parties, transfer or circulate the Application. You agree to abide by
the rules and policies established from time to time by Carnival. Such rules and policies may include, for
example, required or automated updates, modifications, and/or reinstallations of the Application and obtaining
available patches to address security, interoperability or performance issues. These obligations survive
termination of this License.
Top
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
3.1 Rights to Application. You acknowledge and agree that the Application, any copies thereof
(including without limitation any copy that You download, install, or use on Your Device), and all copyrights,
patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights associated therewith are, and shall
remain, the property of Carnival or its collaborators, licensors, or suppliers.  Furthermore, You
acknowledge and agree that the source and object code of the Application and the format, directories, queries,
algorithms, structure and organization of the Application are the intellectual property and proprietary and
confidential information of Carnival and its collaborators, licensors and suppliers. Title to the Application
shall remain with Carnival. Carnival and its collaborators, licensors, and suppliers reserve the right to
change, suspend, terminate, remove, impose limits on the use of or access to, disable access to, or require the
return of the Application (or any copy thereof) at any time without notice and will have no liability for doing
so. Except as expressly stated in this License, You are not granted any intellectual property rights in or to
the Application by implication, estoppel or other legal theory, and all rights in and to the Application not
expressly granted in this License are hereby reserved and retained by Carnival.These obligations survive
termination of this License.
3.2 Carnival Marks. Carnival owns all right, title and interest in and to all trademarks,
service marks, and trade names included in the Application. For additional information about Carnival’s
copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights, please visit Carnival's Legal
Copyright & Trademark page. You are not authorized to use the Carnival Marks in any advertising,
publicity or in any other commercial manner without the prior written consent of Carnival, which may be withheld
for any or no reason. These obligations survive termination of this License.
3.3 Open Source Software. The Application may utilize or include third party software that is
subject to open source license terms (“Open Source Software”). You acknowledge and agree that Your
right to use such Open Source Software as part of the Application is subject to and governed by the terms and
conditions of any applicable open source license, including, without limitation, any applicable
acknowledgements, license terms and disclaimers contained therein (collectively, the “Open Source License
Terms”). In the event of a conflict between the terms of this License and the Open Source License Terms,
the Open Source License Terms shall control.
Top
4. NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES.
4.1 General. You acknowledge that the Application may permit access to products, services,
websites, advertisements, promotions, recommendations, advice, information, and materials created and provided
by advertisers, publishers, content collaborators, marketing agents, vendors and other third parties
(“Third Party Content and Services”).
4.2 Disclaimer. You acknowledge that Carnival does not investigate, monitor, represent or
endorse the Third Party Content and Services (including any third party websites accessed through the
Application). Furthermore, Your access to and use of the Third Party Content and Services is at Your sole
discretion and risk, and Carnival shall have no liability to You arising out of or in connection with Your
access to and use of the Third Party Content and Services. Third parties may collect information
about You and Your Device if You choose to use Third Party Content and Services.  Carnival and
its collaborators, suppliers, and licensors are not responsible for third parties’ data collection
practices.  Carnival encourages You to review the third parties’ privacy policies.
4.3 Third Party Terms of Service. You acknowledge and agree that Your access to and use of the
Third Party Content and Services and any correspondence or business dealings between You and any third party
using the Application are governed by and require Your acceptance of the terms of service of such third party,
including, without limitation, any terms, privacy policies, conditions, representations, warranties or
disclaimers contained therein. You assume all risks arising out of or resulting from Your transaction of
business over the Internet and with any third party, and You agree that Carnival and its collaborators,
suppliers, and licensors are not responsible or liable for any loss or result of the presence of information
about or links to such advertisers or service providers. Furthermore, You acknowledge and agree that this
License does not grant You any license to (i) the Third Party Content and Services; (ii) any products, services,
processes or technology described in or offered by the Third Party Content and Services; or (iii) any copyright,
trademark, patent or other intellectual property right in the Third Party Content or Services or any products,
services, processes or technology described or offered therein. You agree that You will not use Third Party
Content or Services in a manner that would infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that Carnival
and its collaborators, suppliers, and licensors are not in any way responsible for any such use by You.
4.4 Endorsements. You acknowledge and agree that the provision of access to any Third Party
Content and Service shall not constitute or imply any endorsement by Carnival of such Third Party Content and
Services.Carnival reserves the right to restrict or deny access to any Third Party Content and Services
otherwise accessible through the Application, although Carnival has no obligation to restrict or deny access
even if requested by You.
4.5 Inaccurate or Inappropriate Materials. You understand that by accessing and using the Third
Party Content and Services, You may encounter information, materials and subject matter (i) that are incomplete
or inaccurate; (ii) that You or others may deem offensive, indecent, or objectionable; (iii) which may or may
not be identified as having explicit language, and (iv) that automatically and unintentionally appears in search
results, as a link or reference to objectionable material.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, You agree
to use the Third Party Content and Services at Your sole risk and that Carnival and its collaborators,
suppliers, and licensors shall have no liability to You for information, material or subject matter that is
found to be incomplete, inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
Top
5. ACCOUNTS, PROFILES AND SOCIAL FEATURES
5.1 Accounts. In order to access or use the features on the Service, You must be onboard a
Vessel. The Application’s practices governing any resulting collection and use of Your personal
information are disclosed in its Privacy Notice. IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF THIRTEEN (13) THEN CARNIVAL
MUST OBTAIN VERIFIABLE CONSENT FROM YOUR PARENTS BEFORE YOU CAN REGISTER AS A USER, CREATE A PROFILE PAGE,
SUBMIT PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US, OR OTHERWISE USE THIS APPLICATION. FOR INFORMATION ON THIS PROCESS, SEE
GUEST SERVICES ON BOARD.
Your username will be your cruise Folio number and Your password will be the month and day of your birth (mm/dd)
and You agree that: (i) You will not use a username (or e-mail address) that is already being used by someone
else, may impersonate another person, belongs to another person, violates the intellectual property or other
right of any person or entity, or is offensive. We may reject the use of any password, username, or e-mail
address for any other reason in our sole discretion; (ii) You will provide true, accurate, current, and complete
registration information about Yourself in connection with the registration process and, as permitted, to
maintain and update it including on Your Profile Page, continuously and promptly to keep it accurate, current,
and complete; (iii) You are solely responsible for all activities that occur under Your account, password, and
username – whether or not You authorized the activity; (iv) You are solely responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of Your password and for restricting access to Your Device so that others may not access any
password protected portion of the Application using Your name, username, or password; (v) You will immediately
notify us of any unauthorized use of Your account, password, or username, or any other breach of security; (vi)
You will not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities and You
will not post private or confidential information via the App, including, without limitation, Your or any other
person's credit card information, social security or alternate national identity numbers, non-public phone
numbers or non-public email addresses; (vii) You will not use the App for any illegal or unauthorized purpose.
You agree to comply with all laws, rules and regulations (for example, federal, state, local and provincial)
applicable to Your use of the App and your Content (defined below), including but not limited to, copyright
laws; (viii) You will not interfere or disrupt the App or servers or networks connected to the App, including by
transmitting any worms, viruses, spyware, malware or any other code of a destructive or disruptive nature; and
(ix) You will not sell, transfer, or assign Your account or any account rights.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage (of any kind and under any legal theory) to You or any third party
arising from Your inability or failure for any reason to comply with any of the foregoing obligations.
If any information that You provide, or if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that any information that You
provide, is false, inaccurate, outdated, incomplete, or violates any applicable terms or conditions or law, then
we may suspend or terminate Your account. We also reserve the more general and broad right to terminate Your
account or suspend or otherwise deny You access to it or its benefits – all in our sole discretion, for
any reason, and without advance notice or liability.
Top
5.2 Profiles. When You are on board Your Vessel, You can create a Profile. To create a Profile,
You must be logged in to the Vessel’s Wi-Fi. Click here for
terms and conditions related to the Carnival Wi-Fi Service. You must enter Your cruise Folio number, and the
month and day of Your birth (mm/dd). You may be able to create a nickname and/or choose a profile
picture. However, if You choose to submit photographs to the Application or include other images of real people,
then make sure they are of You or of You and someone You know – and only if You have their express
permission to submit it. EACH MEMBER OF YOUR TRAVELING PARTY MUST CREATE HIS OR HER OWN PROFILE IN ORDER TO
ACCESS THE APP AND RELATED SERVICES.
Without limiting the foregoing, Profile Pages may not include content that You are attempting to sell through the
Application, and cannot be used to conduct commercial activities, including, but not limited to, transactions,
advertising, fundraising, contests or other promotions absent our prior written consent. We may offer You the
ability to set preferences relating to Your profile or Application activities, but settings may not become
effective immediately or be error free, and options may change from time-to-time. We assume no responsibility or
liability for users’ Profile material.
We do not review Profile Pages to determine if they were created by an authorized person or an appropriate party,
and we are not responsible for any unauthorized Profile Pages that may appear on the Application. If there is
any dispute as to whether a Profile Page has been created or is being maintained by an authorized representative
of the individual who is the subject of that Profile Page, then we shall have the sole right, but are not
obligated, to resolve such dispute as we determine is appropriate in our sole discretion. Such resolution may
include, without limitation, deleting or disabling access to Profile Pages, or any portion thereof, at any time
without notice.
Top
5.3 Family and Friends. The Family and Friends feature allows You to plan Your shipboard
activities with Your Family and Friends and other guests and to Chat with each other with the Chat function.
Each person must purchase their own subscription for the Carnival Chat function in order to utilize this
feature. You can add family members and friends to Your contacts. Family and Friends can share itinerary and
activity information.
To invite Family or Friends who have their own App Profiles, You will need to sign in to the App and send Your
Family Member or Friend an invitation to their e-mail address. When a Family Member or Friend accepts Your
information, that person can see Your name or nickname, Your Profile photograph, and Your entire trip itinerary.
Family and Friends who are on Your reservation will also be able to see Your reservation information.
Your Family Members and/or Friends may also send You an invitation. You acknowledge that by sending and/or
accepting an invitation to connect on the App, You authorize that Family Member or Friend to plan or modify
activities for You without notice to You. Carnival is not liable or responsible for the conduct of the family or
friends You choose to connect with on the App, including in the planning or modification of activities on Your
behalf, or for a family or friend’s use of any information You choose to share with the family or friend.
If You create a profile for a Family Member or a Friend who does not have his or her own App account, You are not
creating an App account for that person. Instead, You are providing information about that Family Member or
Friend in order to add him or her to activities on that person’s behalf. You may remove Family Members or
Friends from these “Managed Profiles” at any time.
5.4 User Generated Content. Carnival may allow You to upload certain images, graphics, photos,
audio and video clips, statements and other content or materials (collectively, "Content") on or through the
App. You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic
or sexually suggestive photos or other content via the App. You are solely responsible for your conduct and any
Content that You post on or through the App. Carnival may, but has no obligation to, remove, edit, block, and/or
monitor Content or accounts containing Content that Carnival determines in its sole discretion violates this
License.
Carnival does not claim ownership of any Content that You post on or through the App. Instead, you hereby grant
to Carnival a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully paid and royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide
license to use publish and distribute the Content that you post on or through the App in all media and types of
advertising and promotion throughout the world. You represent and warrant that: (i) You own the Content posted
by You on or through the App or otherwise have the right to grant the rights and licenses set forth in these
terms; (ii) the posting and use of your Content on or through the App does not violate, misappropriate or
infringe on the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights,
copyrights, trademark and/or other intellectual property rights; (iii) You agree to pay for all royalties, fees,
and any other monies owed by reason of Content You post on or through the App; (iv) no advertisement or other
materials need be submitted to You for further approval and Carnival shall be without liability to You for any
distortion or illusionary effect resulting from the publication of my biography, picture, and likeness; and (v)
You have the legal right and capacity to enter into this License in your jurisdiction. Additionally, You
expressly release Carnival from and against any and all claims which You may have at any time for the
remuneration, invasion of privacy, rights of publicity, defamation or any cause of action arising out of
Carnival’s use or any advertisement, marketing device or other publication relating to Carnival’s
use of your Content.
Top
6. PURCHASE OF CHAT SUBSCRIPTION
6.1 The Application Chat function will enable You to communicate (“Chat”) with Your
Friends and Family while on the Vessel. All Friends and Family who are identified as “travel with,”
“same cabin” or “same account” on Your Folio will automatically be pre-loaded as
contacts. In order to Chat with anyone else, You must first add them to Your Profile and they must accept Your
invitation to Chat. In order to use the Carnival Chat function, You must purchase a subscription. A
valid/funded/activated sail and sign card is required for purchase. Your Friend and/or Family Member must also
be subscribed to Carnival Chat. The purchase of a Carnival Chat subscription is a limited, non-exclusive,
revocable, non-assignable, personal, and non-transferable right to use the Chat function for the duration of
Your Carnival sailing. Accordingly, Youhave no property, proprietary, intellectual property, ownership, or
monetary interest in Your Chats, which remain our Content. The right may be immediately suspended or terminated
for any reason, in our sole discretion, and without advance notice or liability. We may modify usage
subscriptions and virtual items at our sole discretion, and such modifications may make the usage subscriptions
or virtual items more or less common, valuable, effective, or functional.
6.2 You may not purchase, sell, barter, or trade any usage subscriptions or virtual items, or
offer to purchase, sell, or trade any usage subscriptions or virtual items. Any such attempted transfer will be
null and void.
6.3 If we suspend or terminate any usage subscriptions or virtual items, then You will forfeit
the suspended or terminated subscription or items, except as may be set forth in any additional terms (such as
any refund policies that may apply to a subscription service). Likewise, except as may be set forth in any
additional terms or as required by applicable law, we are not responsible for repairing or replacing same, or
providing You any credit or refund or any other sum, in the event of our modification of any usage subscriptions
or virtual item, or for loss or damage due to error, or any other reason.
Top
7. TERM AND TERMINATION
This License shall
be effective until terminated. Carnival may, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time and for any or no
reason, suspend or terminate this License and the rights afforded to You hereunder with or without prior notice.
Furthermore, if You fail to comply with any terms and conditions of this License, then this License and any
rights afforded to You hereunder shall terminate automatically, without any notice or other action by Carnival
Upon the termination of this License, You shall cease all use of the Application and uninstall the Application.
Carnival may, without notice to You, disable the Application. Carnival will not be liable to You or any third
party for compensation, indemnity, or damages of any sort as a result of terminating this License in accordance
with its terms, and termination of this License will be without prejudice to any other right or remedy Carnival
may have, now or in the future. These obligations survive termination of this License.
Top
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE
THAT THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN OR ACCESSED THEREBY, IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS
IS’ AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND THAT YOUR USE OF OR RELIANCE UPON THE APPLICATION AND ANY
THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES ACCESSED THEREBY IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND DISCRETION. CARNIVAL AND ITS
COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND GUARANTIES
REGARDING THE APPLICATION AND THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES, WHETHER ORAL, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, AND
WHETHER ARISING BY LAW, STATUTE, USAGE OF TRADE, CUSTOM, COURSE OF DEALING OR PERFORMANCE OF THE PARTIES, OR THE
NATURE OR CONTEXT OF THIS LICENSE, AND INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. FURTHERMORE, CARNIVAL AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS
AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS; (II) THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ACCURATE,
RELIABLE, TIMELY, SECURE, FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR ERROR-FREE; (III) THE QUALITY OF ANY
PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL ACCESSED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE APPLICATION WILL BE AS
REPRESENTED OR MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; OR (IV) ANY ERRORS IN THE APPLICATION OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES
WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM CARNIVAL OR FROM THE
APPLICATION SHALL CREATE ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR GUARANTY. FURTHERMORE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT CARNIVAL
AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS OR OTHERWISE SUPPORT OR
MAINTAIN THE APPLICATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE APPLICATION IS NOT INTENDED OR SUITABLE FOR USE IN SITUATIONS
OR ENVIRONMENTS WHERE THE PERFORMANCE OF, USE OR MISUSE OF, FAILURE OF, OR ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN THE
CONTENT, DATA OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY, THE APPLICATION COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE
PHYSICAL, PROPERTY, OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE. CARNIVAL AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS DO NOT
WARRANT THAT THE APPLICATION WILL BE COMPATIBLE OR INTEROPERABLE WITH YOUR DEVICE OR ANY OTHER PIECE OF
HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, EQUIPMENT OR DEVICE INSTALLED ON OR USED IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR DEVICE. FURTHERMORE, YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPATIBILITY AND INTEROPERABILITY PROBLEMS CAN CAUSE THE PERFORMANCE OF YOUR DEVICE TO
DIMINISH OR FAIL COMPLETELY, AND MAY RESULT IN PERMANENT DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE, LOSS OF THE DATA LOCATED ON YOUR
DEVICE, AND CORRUPTION OF THE SOFTWARE AND FILES LOCATED ON YOUR DEVICE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT CARNIVAL
AND ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS, AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, SHALL HAVE
NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES SUFFERED, RESULTING FROM OR ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH COMPATIBILITY OR
INTEROPERABILITY PROBLEMS. SHOULD THE APPLICATION PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE BURDEN OF ALL NECESSARY
EXPENSES, SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. THIS SECTION 8 SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION OF THIS LICENSE.
NOTWITHSTANDING AND WITHOUT WAIVING THE FOREGOING, THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RELATED AGREEMENTS MAY PROVIDE
LIMITED REMEDIES TO YOU.
Top
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
EXCEPT
TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL CARNIVAL, ITS COLLABORATORS, SUPPLIERS OR
LICENSORS, NOR THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, BE LIABLE FOR ACCIDENTS, PROPERTY DAMAGE,
PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION OF, THE PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE, OR YOUR
ACCESS OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE APPLICATION AND ANY THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES, WHETHER
OR NOT THE DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, CARNIVAL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU (WHETHER
UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STATUTE OR OTHERWISE) SHALL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF (i) THE INITIAL PURCHASE PRICE PAID
BY YOU FOR THE APPLICATION, (ii) THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO CARNIVAL FOR THE APPLICATION DURING THE ONE
MONTH PRECEDING THE DATE THAT THE CLAIM ARISES, OR (iii) TWO DOLLARS ($2.00). THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL
APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THIS SECTION 9 SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION
OF THIS LICENSE.
Top
10. INDEMNIFICATION
You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless CARNIVAL and its collaborators, suppliers and licensors, and their
officers, directors,
agents and employees (the “Indemnified Parties”) from and against any claim, proceeding, loss,
damage, fine, penalty, interest and expense (including, without limitation, fees for attorneys and other
professional advisors) arising out of or in connection with the following: (i) Your access to or use of this
Application or Third Party Content and Services; (ii) Your breach of this License; (iii) Your violation of law;
(iv) Your negligence or willful misconduct; or (v) Your violation of the rights of a third party. You will
promptly notify Carnival in writing of any third-party claim arising out of or in connection with Your access to
or use of the Application. These obligations survive termination of this License.
Top
11. DISPUTE RESOLUTION BY BINDING ARBITRATION
Please read this carefully as it affects your rights.
Summary:
Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer's satisfaction by calling our customer service
department at 1-888-227-6482. In the unlikely event that Carnival's customer service department is
unable to resolve a complaint You may have to Your satisfaction (or if Carnival has not been able to resolve
a dispute it has with You after attempting to do so informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes
through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction. The
arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association
(“AAA”), as modified by this License, and will be administered by the AAA in Miami, Florida.
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge
or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.
Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. Any arbitration under this
License will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not
permitted.
Top
12. MISCELLANEOUS
The following provisions survive termination of this License:
12.1 Governing Law, Limitation on Actions. This site is controlled and operated by Carnival from
its offices within the State of Florida, United States of America. Carnival makes no representation that
materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. These terms shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without giving effect to any principles of
conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall
be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Miami-Dade County and You hereby consent and submit to
the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action
12.2 Severability. If any provision of this License is held to be invalid or unenforceable with
respect to a party, the remainder of this License, or the application of such provision to persons other than
those to whom it is held invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected and each remaining provision of this
License shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
12.3 Waiver. Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or require performance
of an obligation under this License shall not affect a party’s ability to exercise such right or require
such performance at any time thereafter nor shall the waiver of a breach constitute waiver of any subsequent
breach.
12.4 Modification or Amendment. Carnival reserves the right to modify or discontinue,
temporarily or permanently, at any time and from time to time, the App (or any function or feature of the App or
any part thereof, including but not limited to rates and charges) with or without notice. You agree that
Carnival will not be liable to You or to any third party for any such modification, suspension or discontinuance
of the Service. This License may be updated or changed from time to time, as determined by Carnival in its sole
discretion. Carnival will provide notice of changes in the License in any manner acceptable by law, including by
posting them to our onboard website or at such other website as Carnival may designate. Any changes or
modifications will be effective immediately upon such notice, and You waive any right You may have to receive
specific notice of such changes or modifications. Your use of the App following updates or a change to this
License constitutes Your acceptance of those changes; therefore, You should frequently review this license to
understand the terms and conditions that apply to Your use of the Service. If You do not agree to the revisions,
You must terminate Your use of the App immediately.
Top
12.5 Survival. Any provisions of this License which by their express language or by their
context are intended to survive the termination of this License shall survive such termination.
12.6 Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as explicitly provided in this License or in the Related
Agreements, nothing contained in this License is intended or shall be construed to confer upon any person (other
than the parties hereto) any rights, benefits or remedies of any kind or character, or to create any obligations
or liabilities of a party to any such person.
12.7 No Transfer by You. You may not rent, lease, lend, sublicense, assign or transfer the
Application, this License or any of the rights granted hereunder. Any attempted transfer in contravention of
this provision shall be null and void and of no force or effect. These obligations survive termination of this
License. Carnival may assign this License without restriction.
12.8 Copyright Complaints. Carnival respects the intellectual property rights of others. If You
believe that Your work has been copied and has been posted, stored or transmitted by or through the Application
in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit a notification pursuant to the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing Carnival’s Copyright Agent the following
written information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner
of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that You claim has been infringed upon;
A specific description of where the material that You claim is infringing is located;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by You that You have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized
by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your notice
is accurate and that You are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright
owner's behalf.
Carnival’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement relating to the Application can
be reached as follows:
Attn: General Counsel
Carnival Cruise Lines
3655 NW 87th Avenue
MLGL-815
Miami, Florida 33178-2428
For more information about Carnival’s copyright protection practices under the DMCA and for information on
how to contact Carnival’s DMCA agent, please refer to Carnival's Legal
Copyright & Trademarks page.
12.9 Entire Agreement. This License including the documents incorporated herein by reference
constitute the entire agreement with respect to the use of the Application licensed hereunder and supersedes all
prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter.
Top
THIRD PARTY TERMS. The below Third Party Terms are
incorporated herein and made part of this License: Apple and Google.
APPLE: Additional provisions and Usage Rules required by Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) may
be found at
Apple's Media
Services Terms and Conditions page . If Your Device is manufactured by
Apple or if You obtain the downloadable Application through iTunes, You and Carnival acknowledge and agree that
Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries to this License, and that, upon Your acceptance of the
terms and conditions of this License, Apple will have the right to enforce this License against You in its
capacity as a third party beneficiary to the License. APPLE SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CLAIMS MADE BY
YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY RELATED TO THE APPLICATION OR YOUR USE OR POSSESSION OF THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO (i) PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS, (ii) ANY CLAIM THAT THE APPLICATION FAILS TO CONFORM TO ANY
APPLICABLE LEGAL OR REGULATORY REQUIREMENT, (iii) CLAIMS ARISING UNDER CONSUMER PROTECTION OR SIMILAR
LEGISLATION, OR (iv) ANY CLAIMS, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES ATTRIBUTABLE TO ANY FAILURE OF
THE APPLICATION TO CONFORM TO ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. IF YOU HAVE PAID ANY FEE TO APPLE FOR USE OF THE
APPLICATION, IN THE EVENT OF ANY FAILURE OF THE APPLICATION TO CONFORM TO ANY APPLICABLE WARRANTY, YOU MAY
NOTIFY APPLE, AND APPLE WILL, AS YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, REFUND TO YOU THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID, IF ANY,
FOR THE APPLICATION. APPLE WILL HAVE NO OTHER WARRANTY OBLIGATION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATION.
GOOGLE Additional provisions and Usage Rules required by Google Inc. (“Google”) may
be found at Google Play Terms
of Service page . If Your Device is manufactured by
Google or if You obtain the downloadable Application through Google Play, You and Carnival acknowledge and agree
that Google and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries to this License, and that, upon Your acceptance
of the terms and conditions of this License, Google will have the right to enforce this License against You in
its capacity as a third party beneficiary to the License.
April 2015
CARNIVAL'S SMS MESSAGE AND ALERT SERVICE AGREEMENT
Your use of Carnival’s text message service (the “Service”) is governed by this SMS Message and
Alert Service Agreement (“Agreement”) which incorporates the terms of the cruise ticket contract as
if restated herein. You must be at least 18 years old to use the Service, and if you are under18, your parent or
legal guardian must have read and agreed to the below terms before subscribing.
Please read the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement carefully. Your use and continued access of the
Service will constitute your ongoing agreement to this Agreement with its changes and revisions. For purposes of
this Agreement "you" shall mean the owner or authorized user of the mobile device whose telephone number is
submitted to subscribe to the Service. You further represent that you are authorized to accept these terms and
conditions. If you cannot accept this Agreement, do not use the Service. This Agreement may be modified at any
time without any prior notice. It is your responsibility to regularly check the site to determine if there have
been changes to this User Agreement and to review such changes. Your failure to abide by this Agreement or any
other terms or conditions posted anywhere within the Service may result in suspension or termination of your
access to the Service, without notice, in addition to Carnival's other remedies.
1. The Service
i. Subscription to Booking & Account-Related Text Messages:
As part of the Service, you may subscribe to receive text messages (SMS) about for sailing alerts,
or payment
reminders, and/or cancellations to your designated mobile phone or wireless ("Device"). Text
messages may be
sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or prerecorded. Payment reminder and cancellation
texts will be
limited to five (5) texts before the commencement of your voyage. The number of sailing alerts will
depend on
the voyage booked but will not exceed ten (10) per voyage. Consent is not required as a condition of
purchase.
To subscribe, simply check the box confirming acceptance in the Online Check-in system and provide
your Device
phone number. You can also subscribe with our contact center over the phone. By subscribing to
receive these
text messages, you agree to receive booking and account-related text messages from Carnival or its
third party
service provider to your Device phone number. You represent and warrant that you are the registered
owner or
authorized user of the Device and phone number provided and that you are authorized to enroll the
designated
phone number to receive such text messages. You agree and represent that the Device phone number you
provide at
subscription is accurate and up-to-date. If your Device phone number changes, you must immediately
update it as
set forth in Section (iii). Standard data and message rates apply. For information on how to
unsubscribe, see
Section 1(v)(a) below.
ii. Subscription to Personal Vacation Planner (PVP) and Marketing Text
Messages
As part of the Service, you may subscribe to receive text messages (SMS) for your PVP’s contact
information,
virtual business card (MMS/vCard), and other sales/marketing information via text message. Text
messages may be
sent using an automatic telephone dialing system or prerecorded. By subscribing to receive these
text messages,
you agree to receive marketing messages on a recurring basis from Carnival or its third party
service provider
to your Device phone number. Consent is not required as a condition of purchase.
To subscribe, contact your Personal Vacation Planner by phone to request a virtual business card
then simply
reply "yes" to incoming text message communication. You represent and warrant that you are the
registered owner
or authorized user of the Device and phone number provided and that you are authorized to enroll the
designated
phone number to receive such text messages. You agree and represent that the Device phone number you
provide at
subscription is accurate and up-to-date. If your Device phone number changes, you must immediately
update it as
set forth in Section 1(iii). Standard data and message rates apply. For information on how to
unsubscribe, see
Section 1(v) (b) below.
For additional information regarding use of personal information you supply or communicate to
Carnival or the
Service, please see our Privacy Notice.
For additional questions, please Contact Us.
iii. Functionality; Security; Mobile Use Precautions
This Service is offered on an "as is" and "as available" basis without warranties of any kind,
except as
otherwise expressly stated. Text messaging service may not be available at all times and in all
areas; certain
variables could affect delivery of the messages, including but not limited to the functionality of
your
carrier’s network and text messaging platform, and restrictions set by your carrier to your account.
Carnival or
its text messaging provider does not guarantee message delivery, timeliness, or that messaging
Services, will be
available at all times. Carnival is not responsible for messages that are lost or misdirected.
Carnival will
send you a confirmation text when you have opt in or out to receive text messages.
If you have reason to believe that access to your Device is no longer secure (e.g., loss, theft or
unauthorized
disclosure or use of your Device used to access the Service), you must promptly change your contact
information
in Carnival’s online check-in system (for booking and account-related text messages) or by
contacting your
Personal Vacation Planner (for PVP and marketing text messages).
You are solely responsible for keeping the Service updated with your current phone number. Blocking
messages will
disable the ability to send or receive text messages. Carnival shall not be liable for information
sent to a
Device that is associated with your outdated mobile phone number. If you install any software or
enable any
service that stores information from the Service on any Device or computer, it is your
responsibility, prior to
transfer of such Device, to remove your information or otherwise disable access to such software or
service, in
order to prevent unauthorized access to your information or account.
iv. Third Party Charges and Mobile Alerts
A mobile phone or wireless device is required to use the Service. The messaging Service is not
available on all
rates plans. Your carrier may charge you for each text message sent and received. Higher rates may
apply to
messages received when travelling internationally. Contact your carrier for text messaging rates and
terms
applicable to your plan. You are solely responsible for any fees or charges incurred from
participating in the
Service. Under no circumstances will Carnival, its selected third party service provider, any of its
agents or
respective corporate affiliates be responsible or liable for any text messaging or wireless service
charges
incurred by you or a person that had access to your mobile phone or wireless device, or for any
overcharge or
billing error by or any billing dispute with your participating carrier.
v. How to Unsubscribe from the Service:
a.  Booking & Account-Related Text Messages
You may unsubscribe at any time by texting the keyword "STOP" to 278473. The STOP request
includes your agreement
that Carnival or its third party service provider may send to your Device a single
confirmation message within
24 hours of receipt of your STOP message. Unsubscribing from booking and account-related
text messages will
not unsubscribe you from PVP and marketing text messages (if you have
previously subscribed to
receive those text messages).
b.  Personal Vacation Planner (PVP) and Marketing Text Messages
You may unsubscribe at any time by texting the keyword "STOP" to 38574. The stop request
includes your agreement
that Carnival or its third party service provider may send to your Device a single
confirmation message within
the 24 hours of receipt of your STOP message. Unsubscribing from PVP and marketing text
messages will
not unsubscribe you from booking and account-related text messages (if you
have previously
subscribed to receive those text messages).
vi. Use of the Service
The Service is intended for your personal, noncommercial use only. You are solely responsible for
maintaining
confidentiality of your contact information and information received on your Device, and for failure
to do so.
You are solely responsible for all use of the Service by you and anyone you allow access to the
Service on your
Device.
Top
2. Third Party Service Providers
Carnival reserves the right to hire a third party for the purpose of providing its Service. You acknowledge that
all third party Service providers are independent contractors, and that Carnival neither supervises nor controls
their actions, nor makes any representation either express or implied as to their suitability. You agree that
Carnival assumes no responsibility, does not guarantee performance and in no event shall be liable for any
negligent or intentional acts or omissions, loss, damage, injury or delay to Guest and/or Guest’s property
or effects in connection with the Service. Consent to receive messages from Carnival includes consent to receive
messages transmitted for Carnival by a third party.
3. Intellectual Property
The Service contains material that is owned by Carnival and protected by state, national and international
copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish,
upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material, including code and software, from the Service.
You agree not to disrupt, overwhelm, attack, modify or interfere with the Service or its associated software,
hardware and/or servers in any way, and you agree not to impede or interfere with others' use of the Service.
You further agree not to alter or tamper with any information or materials on or associated with the Service.
4. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify Carnival and its affiliates, employees, agents, representatives and third party Service
Providers, and to defend and hold each of them harmless, from any and all claims and liabilities (including
attorneys fees) which may arise from your conduct, from your unauthorized use of material obtained through the
Service, or from your breach of this Agreement, or from any such acts through your use of the Service.
5.  Disclaimer Of Warranty And Limitation Of Liability
You acknowledge that you are using the service at your own risk. The Service is provided “as is,” and
Carnival, its affiliates and its third party Service providers:
expressly disclaim any and all warranties, express and
implied, including but not limited to any warranties of accuracy, reliability, title,
merchantability, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose or any other warranty,
condition, guarantee or representation, whether oral, in writing or in electronic form,
including but not limited to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained therein
or provided by the Service.
do not represent or warrant that access to the Service
will be uninterrupted or that there will be no failures, errors or omissions or loss of
transmitted information, or that no viruses will be transmitted on the Service.
undertake no responsibility for damages caused by the
inclusion of erroneous, incomplete or outdated information in itineraries.
shall not be liable to your or any third parties for
any direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages allegedly sustained arising out
of this agreement, including but not limited to: the providing of services hereunder, the
delivery or non-delivery of information, your access to or inability to access the Service,
including for viruses alleged to have been obtained from the Service, your use of or reliance on
the Service or any of the information, regardless of the type of claim or the nature of the
cause of action, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
You hereby agree to release Carnival, its affiliates and third-party service providers and each of their
respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from claims, demands and damages (actual and
consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and
undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with your use of the Service.
6. Termination Or Suspension Of Access To The Service
Carnival has the right to terminate and/or suspend your ability to access the Service or any portion thereof, for
any or no reason, without notice.
7. General.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the state of Florida without giving effect to any principles of
conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall
be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Miami-Dade County and you hereby consent and submit to
the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. If any provision of
these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed
severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein. Any delay or failure to enforce
any term by Carnival shall not be deemed a waiver.  Any cause of action must be brought within ONE YEAR of
the date the claim arises.
Top
COPYRIGHT & TRADEMARKS
Carnival Cruise Line © 2006 - 2020 Carnival Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
The Carnival brand is one of the most widely recognized in the cruise industry, and the trademarks developed by
Carnival Cruise Line (“Carnival”) identify the Carnival products and differentiate Carnival’s services from
those of its competitors.
CARNIVAL, CARNIVAL CRUISE LINE, THE WINGED SHIP FUNNEL DESIGNS, CHOOSE FUN, the Carnival Cruise Line ship names,
Carnival shipboard and shoreside program and amenity names and all other trademarks, slogans, logos and imagery
used on this website and in the advertising and promotional material published by Carnival are, whether or not
registered, owned by Carnival.
Carnival considers its compilation of links to Internet resources, the description of those resources and the
information contained within Carnival's websites, including but not limited to, the site design, text, graphics,
photographs, interfaces, and selection and arrangement of same, to be copyright-protected materials. You are not
authorized to copy, reproduce or modify any portion of Carnival’s websites without prior written
authorization.
The name of Carnival and its trademarks, service marks, trade names, patents, copyright-protected materials and
imagery may not be used without prior, specific, written permission from Carnival, except by those travel agents
who advertise, market and book Carnival cruises in conformity with Carnival’s published Travel Agency Guidelines
located at GoCCL.com. For all other purposes, whether commercial or personal, the transmission, use, copying or
modification of the Images, in whole or in part, in any form or by any means, whether electronic, mechanical, by
photocopy or recording, is strictly prohibited without the prior written consent or licensure of Carnival.
Unauthorized use of the Imagery and the information contained herein may constitute a violation of applicable
intellectual property, criminal, civil or privacy laws. In no event may a Carnival trademark be combined with or
appear as a trademark or logo next to any other business name, word(s) or logo(s) without express written
authorization from Carnival.
Carnival reserves the right to bring any civil action in Miami, Florida, arising from the improper or
unauthorized use of this website or any part thereof, including without limitation for infringement of its
trademarks and other intellectual property.
Carnival makes no warranty, express or implied, with respect to the use of the links provided; does not
guarantee the accuracy, completeness, usefulness or adequacy of any resources, information, apparatus, product
or process accessed via this website; and is not responsible for any errors or omissions in the resources or
information accessed via this Home Page or for the results obtained from the use of such resources or
information.
If you have reason to believe that any person, company or business has violated Carnival's trademark rights or
infringed Carnival's copyright-protected materials, please notify the Legal Department at Carnival's Miami,
Florida offices by e-mail at cclegaldepartment@carnival.com.
DMCA & COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Carnival will investigate notices of copyright infringement and take appropriate actions under the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) ("DMCA").
Pursuant to the DMCA, written notification of claimed copyright infringement must be submitted to the following
designated agent for this website:
Attn: Legal Department at cclegaldepartment@carnival.com.
You should include the following information: (1) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to
act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (2) identification of the
copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (3) identification of the material that is claimed to be
infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit location of the material; (4) information reasonably
sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email
address; (5) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of
is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (6) a statement that the information in the
notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of
an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Upon receipt of notices complying with the DMCA, Carnival will act to remove or disable access to any material
found to be infringing or found to be the subject of infringing activity and will act to remove or disable
access to any reference or link to material or activity that is found to be infringing. Please note that
Carnival may request additional information before removing any infringing material. If a dispute develops as to
the correct owner of the rights in question, Carnival reserves the right to remove the content along with that
of the alleged infringer pending resolution of the matter.
PLAN A CRUISE
Today's Deals
Search Cruises
Travel Agent Finder
Weddings & Occasions
Gift Cards
Carnival MasterCard
Financing Powered by Uplift
Carnival EasyPay
VIFP Club
Group Travel
Group Shore Excursions
Charters, Meetings & Incentives
Themed Cruises
Already Booked
Manage My Cruises
Shore Excursions
In-Room Gifts & Shopping
Spa & Salon Services
Internet Plans
Beverage Packages
Carnival HUB App
Fly2Fun
Airport Transportation
Customer Service
FAQs
Contact Us
Guests with Disabilities
Early Saver Price Protection Form
Lowest Price Guarantee Claim Form
Lost and Found
Post-Cruise Inquiries
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Corporate
World's Leading Cruise Lines
Sustainability
Business Ethics
Diversity & Inclusion
Slavery Statement
Investor Relations
Carnival Foundation
Discover OCEAN
About Carnival
About Us
Cruise Ticket Contract
Passenger Bill Of Rights
Safety and Security
St. Jude
Press/Media
Legal
Notices
Privacy & Cookies
Careers
Travel
Partners
Site Map
Opens in a new window. External site which may or may not meet
accessibility guidelines
Opens in a new window. External site which may or may not meet
accessibility guidelines
Opens in a new window. External site which may or may not meet
accessibility guidelines
Opens in a new window. External site which may or may not meet
accessibility guidelines
Opens in a new window. External site which may or may not meet
accessibility guidelines
Opens in a new window. External site which may or may not meet
accessibility guidelines
©
Carnival Corporation. All rights reserved.
Indicates external site which may or may not meet accessibility guidelines.
*Taxes, fees and port expenses are additional. View terms and conditions