https://www.marine-events.co.uk/buying-catamaran-try-before-you-buy-help-and-advice/
X
Home
Event Types
Your Choices
Luxury Sailing Experience Day
Luxury Performance Powerboat Day
Yacht Regatta Day – Racing Afloat
Combination Day – Sailing Yacht & Powerboat
Cowes Week Hospitality & Charter Days
This Summer’s Special Events
Film & TV Boating Specialisation
Overseas Incentives & Private Yacht Charters.
SailGP
America’s Cup
Boats
Sailing Yacht Charter – Our Fleet
Power Boat Charter – Our Fleet
Luxury Catamaran Charters – UK
Luxury Catamaran Charters – Caribbean
Cats
Luxury Catamaran Charters – UK
Luxury Catamaran Charters – Caribbean
Holiday Tuition and Preparation – Mono Hull to Catamaran
Buying a Catamaran- Try before you buy, help and advice.
Saltwater Fly Fishing Safari’s – BVI’s
Paddle boarding Safari – Solent
Venues
Gallery
Event Photos 2019
Event Photos 2018
Event Photos 2017
Event Photos 2016
Event Photos 2015
Event Photos 2014
Event Photos 2013
Event Photos 2012
Event Photos 2010
All Galleries
About us
News
Testimonials
FAQ’s
Contact
Buying a Catamaran- Try before you buy, help and advice.
If you have arrived on this page, it could mean that you are thinking of buying a catamaran, either to sail in UK waters, warmer climates or maybe even planning a cruising life.
Catamarans come in all shapes and sizes, the things I love about Cats…others see as negatives, what might seem great for cruising in 30 degrees, might not be the right plan for a boat in UK waters, are you interested in speed or space? can you combine the two?…and the list goes on, there is no right or wrong, it is personal preference and understanding the benefits and weakness’s on each.
We have a passion for cats, love talking about them and of course love sailing on them, we offer a consultancy service, giving advice and hopefully knowledge, helping you to work out which boat works best for you, Lagoon, Nautitech, Fountain Pajot, Privilege, Outremer, Robertson and Caine are just a small selection of the choices available, all very different, all building superb boats, but not all will suite your plans.
Other questions are worth considering, do I plan to buy the boat out right? use it 100% privately and NO ONE sets foot on it? should I consider chartering, if I am chartering, could I consider a larger boat as the charter income will offset the difference, If I am chartering, maybe I could have it on a fleet over sea’s? could a yacht ownership program with a larger company with guaranteed income and more than 10 weeks holiday a year work for me?  Once again…all these options are great but only one will suite your own idea’s and plans.
In addition to helping and assisting in your buying process, we also offer own boat tuition once you have bought your boat, helping you get to know the handling and sailing characteristics of your boat, teaching you not only to sail your boat but to sail it to its full mile munching potential.
We will assist your family/crew, to have a better understanding of the workings of the boat, teach them away from the grumpy skipper (thats you) and give them their own presence on the boat and their own jobs, a happy, confident and knowledgeable crew…is the ONLY crew!
We have been chartering and managing cats since the late nineties and would love to help in any way we can.
If you would like more information, contact Steve directly on steve@marine-events.co.uk
If you would like to see a selection of boats available for charter in the Solent for tuition weekends then why not visit our Catamaran Charters page or you could visit our Caribbean Page.
Yacht of the Month
Moody 66 – ‘Odile’
Marine Events are delighted to announce that the Moody 66 will again be available for charter again this summer
Find out More ...
More Information
First Name*Last Name*Email address*
Contact NumberComments/messageWe will use the data you submit to fulfil your request. Privacy Policy.Marketing Consent
Please send me your special offers and update email. Privacy Policy.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Recent News
Cats Cats and More Cats!
Marine Events Catamaran Fleet Continues to Grow Catamarans…once a taboo word with in the sailing community,  are now with out doubt
Find out More ...
News boats for 2019 on Marine Events Fleet
A selection of new sailing yachts and Powerboats secured for 2019   Marine events is always trying to update and
Find out More ...
Subscribe to Updates
info@marine-events.co.uk
Home
Corporate Sailing and Powerboat Events
Boats
Venues
News
About
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
© 2020 Marine Events All rights reserved.
First Name:*Last Name:*Email*
We will use the data you submit to fulfil your request. Privacy Policy.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
We use cookies to enhance your experience whilst on our site, and improve our services by analysing our site traffic we also use them to enable social media features.
By closing this banner, scrolling
or clicking a link or continuing to browse you agree to the use of cookies.AcceptRefuseCookie Policy
Revoke cookies