http://www.tefaf.com/privacy
Disclaimer
Please note that the content on the website may be used for press purposes when covering the TEFAF art fair. The usage rights are at publication's discretion. It cannot be guaranteed that the objects currently shown on the website will pass TEFAF vetting which takes place shortly prior to the opening of the Fair.
Agree and download
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Effective Date: December 9th, 2019
TEFAF provides this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) to explain how we collect, use, process, and disclose your information, including personal information (“PI”) we collect on www.tefaf.com and our other websites (collectively, the “Website”). When this Privacy Policy mentions “TEFAF,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to the TEFAF company that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy (the “Data Controller”). If your country of residence is the United States, TEFAF New York is the Data Controller. If your country of residence is in the European Union, the Data Controller is TEFAF Maastricht.
We use the information we collect for our business purposes. In addition, we may provide aggregate information and statistics about our customers, sales and related site-information to our third-party vendors, but this information and statistics will not include PI. Please note that we may release PI in good faith as is reasonably necessary to comply with the law or protect our rights or others’ rights.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us, or that we may obtain, through sources other than our Website, such as by phone, through postal mail and through other live and print media, including without limitation, information obtained from or provided to us by third parties.
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post changes on this page and note the effective date so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
We encourage you to visit this page periodically to learn of any updates.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED ON THE WEBSITE?
Personal information
We may collect PI from users of our Website, for example, through such users’ activities, transactions and completion of online forms and applications on our Website.
Such information may be collected, for example, when users apply to a fair, subscribe to our newsletter, create an exhibitor account, submit a comment or question to us using a “contact us” or similar feature on our Website, send us an e-mail, view web pages, advertisements or file attachments, or in any other way submit PI to us via our Website. Additionally, if you contact us, we may keep a record of your correspondence, including any PI contained therein. A request for service, support, or information may be forwarded to third parties not affiliated with the Company as needed to respond to the request. If you provide PI (including name, home or business address, email address, telephone number, etc.) of another individual, by your submission of such individual’s information, you represent and warrant that you have obtained the appropriate consent from such individual to submit such individual’s PI to our Website.
Non-personal information
The Website automatically also collects certain information. For example, the website automatically recognizes your domain name, IP address and region or geographical area, browser version, mobile carrier, device information, operating system and the website you passed through to reach our Website. In addition, our Website automatically gathers certain usage information like the numbers and frequency of visitors to our website and its various web pages or content. We also may collect certain information through cookies and similar tools as further described in the section below titled “Advertising” and in the Cookie Statement.
HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION USED?
We may use the collected PI for various purposes, including to: (i) process your application; (ii) send you our newsletter to which you subscribed; (iii) administer your account; (iv) improve the operation of the Website, and administer or diagnose problems with our Website; (v) respond to your requests, inquiries and comments, (vi) otherwise contact you about your use of the Website; (vii) send you emails and otherwise provide you with information, such as sending you information from TEFAF and third parties to keep you informed about various fairs, events and resources (See “Opt-Out” section below for how to unsubscribe); (viii) monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Website; (ix) maintain our internal record keeping, (x) analyze user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Website and e-mails, both on an individual basis and in the aggregate, (xi) match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both PI and non-personal information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources, including third parties, and (xii) implement any other legally permissible purpose for which the information was collected.
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE COLLECTED INFORMATION?
Service providers
We use third-party partners to help operate or promote our Website and deliver our products and services, and may share your information with our affiliates, service providers and other third parties that provide products or services for or through the Website or for our business (such as vendors, consultants, volunteers and other similar service providers that use such information on our behalf). Disclosed PI is used only to provide required services and is otherwise maintained securely.
Advertising platforms and networks
We may use third party platforms such as AdRoll or Google to serve advertisements on our behalf. These companies may use cookies or other technologies to tailor advertisements you see on the Website and third-party websites, to track your response to advertisements, report on visitor interaction and to measure the effectiveness of advertisements. We may provide certain of these third-party advertising companies with some PI to help them serve more relevant advertisements for our products. These companies may combine information they learn about your visit to our website with data about your web activities at third party websites or with demographic information to identify your likely interests so that they can provide you with more useful and relevant advertisements when you visit websites within their networks.
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser on your computer or mobile device when you visit. Our cookies enable us to personalize your visits to your interests and preferences. Cookies track where you travel on our Website.
They may store your username and/or password.
A cookie may enable us to relate your use of our Website to other information about you, including your PI, but they do not gather PI.
All of these purposes serve to improve and personalize your experience on our Website. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. However, you can usually change the web browser to disable cookies. Please note that if you disable all cookies, the functionality of the website may be impaired. For more information, please see our Cookie Statement.
We may also work with third parties that collect information about your use of the website and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes.
We use Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the website and for analytics and marketing purposes.
For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses information when you use our website, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Opting out of advertising
The information practices of third-party advertising companies are governed by their own privacy policies and are not covered by this privacy policy. Some of these advertising companies may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), a cooperative of online marketing companies that offers a centralized tool for opting out of behavioral advertising delivered by each of its member companies. If you would like to obtain more information about the NAI and make choices about their members’ use of your information, please visit the NAI website. Also, through the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”), several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of and greater control over ads that are customized based on their online behavior across different websites. To make choices about interest-based ads from third parties participating in the DAA, please visit the DAA consumer opt out page.
You can also opt out of receiving targeted ads served by AdRoll by clicking here, and opt out of interest-based Google ads using Google’s Ads Settings. Please note that these ad opt-out tools above do not opt you out of being served non-targeted advertising. You will continue to receive generic, non-targeted ads.
Finally, it is important to note that in most cases opting out drops an “opt-out cookie” on your browser.
As a result, if you delete, block or otherwise restrict cookies or use a different browser or device, you’ll need to renew your opt-out choice.
Aggregate statistics
We may disclose aggregate statistics regarding user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Website and e-mails to third parties in the form of aggregate data, such as overall patterns or demographic reports that do not describe or identify any individual user.
Legally compelled disclosures
We may disclose user information (which may include PI) to government authorities, and to other third parties when compelled to do so by government authorities, at our discretion, or otherwise as required or permitted by law, including but not limited to in response to court orders and subpoenas.
We also may disclose user information when we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other users of the Website, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Business transfers
In the event that we, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, PI may be one of the transferred assets.
RIGHT TO OPT IN AND OPT OUT
You may have the right and opportunity on the Website to opt in and opt out of certain of our uses of your PI. You also may be able to make these requests by adjusting your preferences in your Website account or profile, if such an account or profile is available.
If you do not have such an account or profile, you may submit your request to info@tefafny.com.
A request to have us stop sharing your PI with other entities will only apply as of the date of your request, and we will not be responsible for any communications that you may receive from entities that received your PI prior to such request.
In these cases, please contact that entity directly.
You will also be able to opt out of Company’s e-mails by clicking on an opt-out or unsubscribe link within the e-mail you receive or by sending a message to an email address set forth in the promotional email. A request to opt out of promotional emails will only apply as of the date of your request, and it may take up to 10 days to process your request, during such time, you may still receive promotional emails. Please understand that if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us.
SECURITY
We use reasonable security methods to safeguard the information we collect from you through the Site. However, because no security system is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of your data on our servers. In addition, because internet communication is unsecure, we cannot warrant the security of your information or guarantee that the information you transmit to our Website may not be intercepted, accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
The Website provides links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from that of ours. If you submit PI to any of these third-party sites, your information is governed by the privacy policies of those sites and no longer governed by this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any websites you visit.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Users who reside in California and have provided their PI to TEFAF New York may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of PI to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under the California “Shine the Light” law. This request may be made free of charge once per calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to request such information, please see the How to Contact Us section below.
EUROPEAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to those that visit our Website from the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom or Switzerland. TEFAF shall secure and process PI in accordance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We process PI with your consent. On other occasions, we may process PI when we need to do this to fulfill a contract (for example, for billing purposes) or where required to do this by law. If necessary, we may also process PI when it is in our legitimate interests to do this (e.g., to provide certain services, deliver direct marketing, personalization, or for fraud detection) and when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
Please be aware that the PI we collect may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your location. We may process and store PI in the United States. We will restrict the transfer of PI to service providers that are part of the Privacy Shield scheme, which requires them to provide a similar level of protection of your PI to what is required in the EEA.
You have a right to the following:
Right to be informed: you have the right to be informed about how we collect and use your PI;
Right of access: you have the right to request a copy of your PI held by us;
Right to rectification or correction: you are entitled to have your PI rectified if they are inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to erasure: you are entitled to request the deletion or removal of your PI;
Right to restrict processing: you have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your PI. We can still store your PI, but may not use it further;
Right to object: you have the right to object to certain types of processing of your PI;
Right to lodge a complaint: you have the right to lodge a complaint about the way we handle or process your PI with a data protection authority.
Right to data portability: you have the right to request the transfer of your PI to another party;
Right to withdraw your consent: where we are processing PI with consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent
To exercise these rights, contact us using the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not store your PI any longer than is necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concern about the online privacy policy for this site or its implementation, please contact us at:
TEFAF (The European Fine Art Fair Stichting)
Dijsselhofplantsoen 14
1077 BL Amsterdam
The Netherlands
T +31 20 303 64 00
info@tefaf.com
or:
1 Rockefeller Plaza, 11th floor
New York, NY 10020
USA
info@tefafny.com
We use cookies on our website to give you the best experience. Read more about our cookie policy.
Accept
Modify