https://www.drycreekvineyard.com/contact-us/covid-19-policy/
^ Back to top
Tasting Room
Contact Info
Customer Service
PR Contact
Map & Directions
Links
Wine Shipping
Privacy Policy
Tasting Room
Contact Info
Customer Service
PR Contact
Map & Directions
Links
Wine Shipping
Privacy Policy
COVID-19 Policy
EMPLOYEE HEALTH
We have provided training to all employees on any new COVID-19 – related procedures or equipment required to maintain their safety in accordance with OSHA and CDC standards, such as the proper use of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), etc.
Our employees are regularly self-monitoring for symptoms and taking their own temperatures each day before traveling to work.  Any employees with a temperature reading of 100 degrees or higher, or that exhibits any other COVID-19 related symptoms (cough, sore throat, vomiting or diarrhea) is required to stay home.
Our employees will notify their supervisor if they begin to feel sick and immediately leave the premises.
Our employees will wear face coverings while conducting tastings.
Our employees will thoroughly wash their hands before and after each tasting session.
Workspaces for employees maintain 6 feet of separation and establish the “maximum physical distancing occupancy” for our space.
GUEST ENGAGEMENT & SOCIAL DISTANCING
During our reopening, our tasting locations are primarily outdoors and adhere to social distancing and sanitation requirements.
The number of our guests is limited by the number of tasting areas available, and all tastings conducted will be by appointment only to further manage the number of guests visiting at one time.
Guests will be required to wear face coverings until they are seated for their tasting. Once they are seated and the tasting begins, they can remove their face covering until the tasting ends.
Our tasting menus are one-use only and disposed after each tasting.
ENHANCED SANITATION PRACTICES
We have posted Covid-19 information signage at winery entrances with winery / tasting area sanitation procedures posted at the door and or in designated outdoor tasting areas.
We have regularly scheduled sanitization of all tasting room surfaces including doorknobs, light switches, tasting room stations, and bathroom fixtures at multiple and frequent intervals.
We are offering hand sanitizer throughout the winery tasting room.
We are sanitizing all tasting stations at the conclusion of every tasting session.
We have placed signage recommended by the CDC in our public restrooms to remind guests to wash hands.
Wine bottles are handled by tasting room staff only and will not make contact with a guest’s glass.
Communal wine “dump buckets” have been removed. If you’d like a personal dump bucket, please ask a tasting room associate.
Glassware used for each tasting session is sanitized and washed immediately upon conclusion of each tasting to ensure used glasses do not collect in racks or tasting area.
A nightly cleaning crew cleans, sanitizes, and disinfects all areas of our facility to encourage a safe environment for our guests and staff.
https://www.drycreekvineyard.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/2020412-2.html