http://www.brodak.com/privacy_policy/
Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of Brodak Manufacturing & Distributing Company, Inc.
Our postal address is
100 Park Avenue Carmichaels, PA 15320
We can be reached via e-mail at flyin@brodak.com or you can reach us by telephone at (724) 966-2726
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/ or layout of our page for each individual visitor and .
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically, we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward .
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address or writing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address, write to us at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, The DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
Search
Product Search
Find a Product
Brodak
Home
Welcome to Brodak Manufacturing
About Us
A Tribute to Our Founder
Message from John
Gift Certificates
Contact Us
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
What's Popular
Dope (4 oz.)
$9.99
More Info
Dope (16 oz.)
$18.99
More Info
Butyrate Thinner
$6.99
More Info