https://www.stevenotwinery.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Wine Club
If you have selected either “Club Case Price” or “Club Bottle Price” and are not currently a Stevenot Wine Club Member, you will automatically be enrolled in the Stevenot Wine Club.
General
At Stevenot Winery, we strive to offer a first-class experience for our members, and uphold the highest degree of professionalism. We, therefore, reserve the right to cancel and/or terminate any user’s account for any violation of these Terms & Conditions. Any fraudulent behavior, creating of multiple accounts to acquire additional credits, spamming, flaming, excessive use of profanity or abusive language, either on Stevenot Winery or any other website in regards to Stevenot Winery, or while contacting any of our Member Services team, will not be tolerated. By using Stevenot Winery website, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions, please do not use the Stevenot Winery site.
Wine may only be sold and delivered to individuals twenty-one years or older. There must be an adult present to sign for all Stevenot Winery shipments. A valid government-issued ID may be required upon delivery.
Wine sales are solicited, offered, accepted, made, and delivered by licensed wineries or retailers who receive all orders. To address possible state alcoholic beverage law concerns, Stevenot Winery pays for new member referrals through an instant rebate that discounts a portion of the price of each item the existing member purchases. Void where prohibited.
Privacy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us on our site.
What kind of information do we collect from you when you visit our site?
When you visit stevenotwinery.com, our stats package come from our network provider and collects some basic information about your browser. Examples are things like what type of browser and operating system are you using; how long did you stay on our site; what pages did you look at. This helps us understand how visitors browse our site, so that we can make their shopping experience better.
We also collect personal information about you when you check-out of our store such as your name, address, postal code, phone number, etc. We need this information to process payment and ship merchandise to you.
Sharing of Information
Under no circumstances will we share any information that we collect with any third-parties or websites. All the information you give us is completely private and used solely for order processing and shipping. If you give us permission to send you marketing emails, then we use your email for that purpose, but never does that email get sold or distributed to any other website or list.
Newsletter Opt-Out
If you have chosen to opt into our newsletter or marketing emails and decide to opt out, we have a simple unsubscribe form that will let you get off our email list.
Consumer inquiries and privacy
If you have any questions about your privacy, or want to make changes to your profile, or get off our marketing list, simply send us an email.
Protecting your information
All the payment information we collect is done so under SSL – a standard internet security measure. Any data that we store about you is kept behind a secure firewall in our database and is not accessible to the public in any way. We do not store credit card information on our website.
Shipping Policy
Our shipping policy is that we try to ship all orders the same day as we receive them excluding extreme conditions. We use Goldenstate Overnight for shipments in California unless specified. All wines are sold in California and title passes to the buyer in California. Out of state shipping is processed by Amador Shippers /UPS located in Plymouth, California. Please email wineclub@stevenotwinery.com for additional information.
Refund Policy
We will replace or refund you for any bottle of wine that is damaged, flawed or that the customer finds unsatisfactory. We ask the customer return the unfinished portion of the original bottle for replacement. By law, we cannot accept returns of alcoholic beverages unless the product is corked, or flawed. We are also unable to accept return of wine that was damaged due to adverse weather conditions during shipment, or wine that is ordered in error. Please send an email to wineclub@stevenotwinery.com to arrange for the return of corked or flawed product.
Once the wine is received we will refund your credit card account for the cost of the wine less shipping and handling. If the original shipment was damaged or flawed you will receive a full refund, including shipping and handling charges. Please contact the tasting room at (209) 728-3485 for return instructions.
A 15% restocking fee will be applied to all canceled orders.
Copyright
All content included on or made available through any Stevenot Winery website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, and data compilations is the property of Stevenot Winery or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content included in or made available through any Stevenot Winery site is the exclusive property of Stevenot Winery and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
Trademarks
The trademarks displayed on the Stevenot Winery website are the registered and unregistered trademarks and trade dress of Stevenot Winery and its licensors. For a list of Stevenot Winery Trademarks please reach out to member services. In addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through any Stevenot Winery website are trademarks or trade dress of Stevenot Winery in the U.S. and other countries. Stevenot Winery’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Stevenot Winery’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Stevenot Winery. All other trademarks not owned by Stevenot Winery that appear in any Stevenot Winery service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Stevenot Winery.
Copyright Trademark Complaints
Stevenot Winery respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement please email and Stevenot Winery will address it.
Risk of Loss
All items purchased from Stevenot Winery are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Your Account
If you use any Stevenot Winery site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. All alcohol listings are intended for adults. Stevenot Winery reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion.
You must be at least 21 years of age to use Stevenot Winery website and purchase alcohol through our website. We cannot ship to P.O. or APO/FPO boxes.
Membership
You may become a Stevenot Wine Club Member by providing the requested registration information and submitting it to Stevenot Winery through our website. By becoming a member and providing your membership and credit card information, you authorize Stevenot Winery to charge your credit card (including shipping and any applicable tax) for each monthly Stevenot Winery wine shipment. Please notify us 3 days prior to any shipment to update your account, change your address or to cancel your membership.
Membership Termination
You may cancel your Stevenot Winery membership at any time by contacting Stevenot Winery Member Services by contacting us at (209) 728-3485. Stevenot Winery may terminate your membership and refuse any and all current or future use of Stevenot Winery or other services, or any portion thereof, (1) in order to comply with applicable Law, (2) if you provide any information that Stevenot Winery determines, in its sole discretion, to be untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete (or if the information becomes untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete), (3) if Stevenot Winery determines, in its sole discretion, that you are using your Stevenot Winery membership in a manner not permitted by these Terms of Service, or (4) in other circumstances, as Stevenot Winery deems appropriate in its sole discretion.
Links to Third-Party Websites
The Stevenot Winery website may contain links to third-party websites. These links are provided for your convenience only. Stevenot Winery has no control over third-party websites and we cannot be responsible for the content of such websites or the privacy practices of third-parties. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to the Stevenot Winery website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to such websites terms.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THE STEVENOT WINERY WEBSITE AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, AND STEVENOT WINERY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. NEITHER STEVENOT WINERY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH STEVENOT WINERY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE OR THE CONTENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER STEVENOT WINERY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH STEVENOT WINERY REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE WEBSITE OR THE CONTENT WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR THE CONTENT WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL STEVENOT WINERY, ITS LICENSORS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. USE OF THE WEBSITE AND THE CONTENT IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Stevenot Winery and its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and content providers from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from your violation of these Terms & Conditions or your use of the Stevenot Winery website.
United States Only
Unless otherwise specified, the Stevenot Winery website are presented solely for the purpose of promoting products and services available in the United States. Stevenot Winery makes no representation that the Stevenot Winery website are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you access a Stevenot Winery site from locations outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms & Conditions and any dispute or claim arising out of or related to these Terms & Conditions, their subject matter or their formation (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule. Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or related to these Terms & Conditions or the Stevenot Winery website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal or state courts located in Los Angeles, California. You agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver of these Terms & Conditions by Stevenot Winery shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition, and any failure of Stevenot Winery to assert a right or provision under these Terms & Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms & Conditions is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of these Terms & Conditions will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
These Terms & Conditions constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Stevenot Winery and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the website.
Modifications
We may, at any time, revise or modify these Terms & Conditions or impose new conditions for use of the Stevenot Winery website. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice to you, which may be given by any means including, without limitation, posting on the Stevenot Winery website. Any use of a Stevenot Winery site by you after such notice shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have questions or comments about these Terms & Conditions or the Stevenot Winery website, please write, phone or email us via the contact information below:
Stevenot Winery
PO Box 978,
Murphys, CA 95247
(209) 728-3485
wineclub@stevenotwinery.com
Menu