http://www.neratsociety.co.uk/html/privacy-policy.shtml
Latest news 14-04-2020 @ 11:00:
Following the government announcement on avoiding all non essential contact to control the spread of Coronavirus (COVID-19) the upcoming shows are subject to being cancelled.
Follow us on Facebook for the latest updates.
Promoting excellence in the care and breeding of fancy rats
About the NERS
Membership
Committee
Rattitude magazine
Members' forum
Rat-keeping information
Next NERS show
Show calendar
Show results
Show articles
Longevity award scheme
Championship scheme
Hall of fame
NERS Rescue fund
Rescue stories
Fundraising
Looking for rats?
Buying from pet shops
NERS breeders
NERS rescues
Contact us
Privacy Policy
We’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website and your interactions with us. And importantly how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website and/or having a club membership, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to webmaster@neratsociety.co.uk
Who are we?
We’re North of England Rat Society ("NERS"), the north of England’s biggest fancy rat club or society comprised on a core elected committee, support roles and hundreds of members.
We not currently a registered charity or registered company but operate as closely as possible to a non-for-profit charitable organisation.
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us, become a member, or enter your rats into our many shows.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when. If you donate online or pay for a membership to us, your card information is not held by us, it is collected by our third-party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions, as explained below.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
process a donation that you have made;
process membership(s) that you have submitted;
dealing with entries into a show;
send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you.
These may include physical and electronic copies of “Rattitude” magazine, important club updates, confirmation of show entries.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
For example, membership data will be purged once a member has reached their existing membership period plus 2 months to allow for any outlying membership communications.
Who has access to your information?
We do not and will not sell or rent your information to third parties. However, administration staff of the NERS Rescue Fund (who are also NERS committee) may request basic contact information.
Please be reassured that we will not release your information unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
When you are using our secure online donation pages, your donation is processed by a third-party payment processor, who specialises in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions. If you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact us.
We may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of a merger or closure of the club with other fancy rat club(s), or if we’re under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to enforce or apply our terms of use or to protect the rights, property or safety of our supporters and customers. However, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
Your choices
You have a choice about whether you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us about club news and updates, then you can select your choices by ticking the relevant boxes situated on the membership form or contacting the membership committee officer to update your preferences.
We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by email: webmaster@neratsociety.co.uk
How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. If you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at: webmaster@neratsociety.co.uk
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information NERS holds about you.
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information.
Use of 'cookies'
Like many other websites, the NERS website uses cookies. 'Cookies' are small pieces of information sent by a website to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to store previous logged in status on our Forums. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how to switch off cookies on your computer, visit our full cookies policy. Turning cookies of may result in a loss of functionality when using our website, including the inability to use the forum.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third-party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third-party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third-party site.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Review of this Policy
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated on 25 May 2018 at 11:30.
© NERS 2001-2020 | Privacy Policy