https://www.thamesrivercruise.co.uk/privacy-cookie-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how we at Thames Rivercruise collect data about you. It also explains how we will store and handle that data, and keep it safe. For details about our booking terms and conditions please click here
What data we collect
We collect your name, address, telephone number and email address. We may also collect other information relevant to your booking.
Why we collect data
We collect this data to inform you of our services and enable you to assemble the relevant information for your possible booking and to establish a contract between ourselves and yourselves for the actual booking.
What we do with the information we collect
We collect this information so we are able to understand your needs and provide you with the right service required for your booking.
Some of your data will be shared with our caterers and entertainments team. The information shared is however minimal.
When making a booking you will receive a copy of the data that we collect.
If you are happy for us to send you further information after your party and you have given us permission to do so we will send you details of new products, special offers or other information which may be of interest to you using the email address which you provided.
We may also from time to time use your information to contact you for marketing purposes. We may contact you via phone, email or mail.
How we protect your personal data
We know how much data security matters to all our customers. With this in mind we treat your data with the upmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it. In order to prevent any unauthorised access, we have measures in place to secure the information online.
Access to your personal data is password protected.
How long we keep your data
Data is kept for 6 years from the end of the last company financial year. This information is retained according to the requirements of HMRC
Your rights
You have the right to request:
Access to the personal data we hold about you. Any access request may be subject to a small fee.
The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing
That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at anytime and withdraw that consent.
You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time. You can write to us or email us here. You can also click the unsubscribe link on our emails.
In cases where we are holding your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation. We must then do so unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue holding your personal data until the issue is resolved.
Changes to our privacy policy
Our privacy policy will be reviewed on an annual basis and any changes made will be updated accordingly and available on our website or on request.
Cookie Policy
The Thames Rivercruise website (thamesrivercruise.co.uk) uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with the best possible experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site by identifying possible errors and generic browsing behaviours. All cookies collected by our site are anonymous and will not be used to personally identify you. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
We use cookies to assist with booking of cruises and analysis of traffic activity around our site. From time to time we may also share this information with third parties for the purpose to advertise our services to you on other sites, these partners will use the cookies as set out in this policy and at all times this data shall remain fully anonymous and specific to your browsing device.
Using cookies for this purpose limits the number of times you see an advertisement as well as helping us measure the effectiveness of any advertising campaign.
Whilst like most other websites use anonymous cookies to help improve the user experience, analytics and to show targeted information after your visit we understand you may not want to receive this, it is possible to turn off cookies in your browser settings although parts of our website may not work as they should.
By continuing to use the website of Thames Rivercruise you confirm you are accepting our use of cookies. For more information about cookies please click here www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies.
If you have any questions about our cookies or our cookie policy please contact us via our contact us page here.