https://www.mackinacbridge.org/privacy-policy/
HomeMBA Board
Meet the Board Members
Schedules, Agendas, and Minutes
About MBA
Press Releases
Frequently Asked Questions
Tower Tour Certificates
Location
Kids Corner
Contact Us
History
The “Mighty Mac”
Facts & Figures
History of the Bridge
Historical Construction Album
Michigan State Ferry Album
In Memory Of
Events
Event Schedule
Annual Bridge Walk
Projects
Dirty Jobs 2007
Links of Interest
Photo Galleries
Shop
Mackinac Bridge Posters
Token Gift Packs / Medallion
Mackinac Bridge Books & DVD’s
Tolls & Traffic
MacPass Information
Toll Schedule
Current Conditions
Rules & Regulations
Monthly Traffic Statistics
Bridge Cam
MACPASS
Mackinac Bridge Authority
N 415 I-75
St Ignace, MI
49781
(906) 643-7600
Contact Us
Friday, Dec 11 - 12:42 AM
All Clear, Have a Pleasant Trip!
Full condition report
Privacy Policy
Friday, Dec 11 - 12:42 AM
All Clear, Have a Pleasant Trip!
Full condition report
Check out our views of the Bridge
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
When you access mackinacbridge.org, we may
gather information in the following ways:
Information collected
automatically. When you view pages on MackinacBridge.org,
some of your information is automatically collected. This may include
information about how you linked to mackinacbridge.org, when you accessed
our website, the searches you initiated, things you clicked on, your IP
address, the type of browser and operating system you used, and the pages
you requested and visited. This information is aggregated and is used
to improve the website.
Information voluntarily
submitted. The Mackinac Bridge
Authority (or our third party vendors)
may collect additional information if you voluntarily provide it (e.g., in
connection with an online transaction). The type of information
varies by transaction and may include: your name, address, phone number,
email address, social security or federal identification number, credit
card number, driver license number, username, and password.
Emails from us
If you provide us with your email address, we
may use it to email you newsletters and announcements.
You may unsubscribe to these services by
following the instructions contained in the email.
Information on third party provided by user
If you provide us with information about a third
party, we may retain that information to provide the service requested. For
example, users may share articles on mackinacbridge.org with a third party through
the "mail to a friend" option.
Cookies
Mackinacbridge.org uses "cookies" to customize your browsing
experience. A cookie is a small text file that is saved on your computer when
you visit a website.
Session cookies allow you to move through many
pages of a website quickly and easily without having to authenticate or
reprocess each new area you visit. Session cookies are destroyed after
successful completion of a transaction, after a few minutes of inactivity, or
when the browser is closed.
Persistent cookies help websites remember your
information and settings when you visit them in the future. They continue to
exist after a few minutes of inactivity, after the browser is closed, or after
a user completes a single session. Persistent cookies generated by mackinacbridge.org
expire within five years.
Mackinacbridge.org uses cookies in the following
ways:
To help you to conduct online
transactions.
To perform statistical analyses
on website usage to understand how people are using the website and how we
can improve it.
If you choose to do so, you can configure your
browser to notify you when a new cookie is received. You can also view and
delete existing cookies, prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, and
disable cookies altogether. If you disable cookies, you can still use mackinacbridge.org,
but your ability to use some areas or functions of the website may be limited.
Sharing information
We will only share personal information about
you with others if:
We have your consent to share
the information, or
We need to share your
information to provide the product or service you have requested, or
We are authorized to do so by
law. E.g., to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, or to
requests pursuant to a statute requiring or permitting disclosure such as
the Michigan Freedom of Information Act, MCL 15.231, et seq.
We limit access to personally identifiable
information gathered through MackinacBridge.org to employees and agents who
need access to perform a specific job. Security measures have been integrated
into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of this website as
part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well
as the electronic transmission of information.
MackinacBridge.org uses Secure Sockets Layer
(SSL) technology to encrypt and protect your personal financial information
during Internet transmissions.
Outside links
We provide links to other organizations through mackinacbridge.org.
These links provide are for informational purposes only. In providing these
links, we do not endorse the content, products, services, or viewpoints of
these external websites. Once you leave mackinacbridge.org and link to an
external website, mackinacbridge.org terms and policies no longer apply.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Individuals under the age of 13 are not eligible
to use services that require submission of personal information and should not
submit any personal information to mackinacbridge.org. This includes submitting
personal information to MackinacBridge.org as part of a user profile or
personalization profile. If you are an individual under the age of 13, you may
use these services only if used with your parent or legal guardian.
Copyright © 2020
•
Produced by Gaslight Media
•
All Rights Reserved.