http://www.environment.gov.sk.ca/privacy/
Choose a Ministry
Advanced Education
Agriculture
Child Support Recalculation Service
Education
Environment
Executive Council and Office of the Premier
Family Matters: Assisting Families through Separation and Divorce
Government Relations
Health
Highways
Highways
Justice and Attorney General
Labour Relations and Workplace Safety
Parks, Culture and Sport
SaskBuilds and Procurement
Social Services
Environment
Quick Search:
This Site
All Government Sites
Advanced Search
|
Help?
Thursday, December 10, 2020
Directory|Contact Us
Services For:
BusinessMunicipalitiesIndividuals
Home/Privacy
Resources
About SaskatchewanAbout GovernmentAbout Environment
Privacy
Our CommitmentThe Government of Saskatchewan is committed to protecting your privacy. Its entire operations, including this web site, are subject to The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act.
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal InformationThis website does not automatically gather personal information about you. We will only collect this type of information if you voluntarily supply it.
If you provide us your personal information, it will only be used or disclosed for the purposes for which it was collected or, in limited circumstances, in accordance with The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act.
If you do not wish to provide personal information via the Internet or you wish to obtain services via other means (i.e. in-person or via the telephone), please contact us at:
Ministry of Environment     3211 Albert Street     Regina, SK  S4S 5W6     Toll Free:  (800) 567-4224
The Government of Saskatchewan may monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload, delete or change information, or otherwise cause damage. We record the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer that has contacted our web sites, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected or we are legally obligated to do so by law. SecurityInformation collected is maintained in a secure environment. CookiesSome Government of Saskatchewan websites may distribute a small file to your browser, called a "cookie". Such files allow us to provide you with personalized information on your future visits to our websites; they are not used for any other purpose. If you wish, you may change the settings on your web browser to deny cookies or to warn you when cookies will be deposited. More InformationQuestions or concerns regarding our management of this privacy statement may be directed to:
Ministry of Environment      Freedom of Information and Privacy Coordinator     3rd Floor     3211 Albert Street     Regina, SK  S4S 5W6      Telephone:  (306) 787-9177     Fax:             (306) 787-8441
If you are not satisfied with our response to your privacy concern, you may wish to contact the:
Saskatchewan Information and Privacy Commissioner     503-1801 Hamilton Street     Regina, SK  S4P 4B4     Telephone: (306) 787-8350     Fax:            (306) 798-1603
Home|Disclaimer|Privacy|Help|Site Map|© Copyright 2013
Home/Privacy
© 2020 Government of Saskatchewan. All rights reserved.