http://www.luxyachts.com/privacy-policy
Search
Welcome
Sign Out
Sales
Charter
Management
Crew
About Us
Contact Us
Welcome
Search
Create Account
Sign In
Sales
Charter
Management
Crew
About Us
Contact Us
Sign In
Create Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The team at Luxury Yacht Group hate junk mail and personal information theft just like the rest of the real world. We will
always use our best efforts to protect your personal data and only send you emails based upon your requests to us.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Luxury Yacht Group, LLC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information
collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.luxyachts.com website ("Site").
PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users
visit our site, register on the site, fill out a form, respond to a survey, and in connection with other activities, services,
features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily
submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them
from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Data is stored and processed in the United States and is kept until the data subject
asks for it to be removed. This is done in order to allow the data subject to re-engage with the company at a later date.
NON-PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
WEB BROWSER COOKIES
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
Luxury Yacht Group, LLC may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site
We may need your information to display content on the Site correctly.
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your requests and support your needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their account with us. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
We store your data using multiple encrypted databases.
We monitor our network 24/7 using state of the art network intrusion devices and have systems in place to notify our users should we believe that our network has been compromised.
We only ask our users for the minimum required personal data to be able to perform our job correctly and provide an excellent service.
Our data protection officer is always looking at better ways to protect your data from malicious attack or theft.
THIRD PARTY DATA
If you provide us with contact information for a third party any information provided to us by that third party is held in confidence between the company and that person with whom we have a data protection obligation.
THE RULES WE COMPLY WITH
We operate in a global market and make every best effort to comply with Florida state, US Federal and EU GDPR regulations.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others unless obligated to do so by a legally authorized subpoena or as requested to comply with a request for information from a government agency.
We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes if you have given us your permission.
ELECTRONIC NEWSLETTERS
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each newsletter email or User may contact us via our Site. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes if you have given us your permission.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
We do not place third-party advertising on our Site. We may place editorial content on our Site that links to a third party site or service. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Luxury Yacht Group, LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact our Data Protection Officer - data@luxyachts.com.
This document was last updated on May 24th 2018.
"Luxury Yacht Group provides sales, charter, management and crew services to luxury yachts and their owners around the world."
COMPANY
About
Sitemap
Contact
MAIN
Sales
Charter
Management
Crew
CONNECT
Fort Lauderdale: +1 954 525 9959
Southampton: +44 (0) 238 000 9959
San Diego: +1 858 224 2789
Antibes: +33 (0) 489 120 970
Auckland: +64 (0) 9 282 4530
Sydney: +61 (2) 9053 6690
Palma: +34 871 55 17 98
SOCIAL
Copyright ©2001 - 2020 Luxury Yacht Group LLC
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy