http://www.keele.ac.uk/students/counsellingmh/self-helpresources/self-helpapps/
Covid-19 information and FAQs for applicants, students and staff >
Self-help apps
These are apps which students have told us they find useful - just search for their titles in your app store. Know of another one? Let us know!
Meditation & mindfulness
Meditate, sleep, relax
Designed to help people resist or manage the urge to self-harm, and it’s completely private and password protected.
Calm Harm is based on the principles of dialectical behaviour therapy (DBT). DBT is a type of talking therapy that is often effective in people with mood disorders. The app provides tasks that encourage users to distract themselves from urges to self-harm and help manage their "emotional mind" in a more positive way.
Adventure game to learn skills and be calm. The App measures your heart rate and suggests tasks to suit your state of mind. Tasks include simple breathing techniques and light exercises to take your mind off your worries.
Chill Panda uses the camera on a smartphone or other mobile device to capture your heart rate. The app uses your device's LED light to measure the volume of blood flowing through your fingertip as your heart beats. Chill Panda asks you to rate your mood to work out your current emotional state.
You are then encouraged to take part in a variety of playful tasks and activities, including breathing and light exercise.
Help to stop unhelpful habits with a cognitive beahvioural therapy (CBT) approach.
Support to break free from anxiety and panic attacks.
Anxiety and panic explained, with breathing guidance and internal exposure ideas.
A mindfulness app.
Cognitive behavioural therapy-based app designed by psychologists at the Universities of Liverpool and Manchester. The App is about breaking the vicious circle of depressing or anxious thoughts, feelings and behaviour.
Daily tools for managing stress, anxiety, and depression alongside a supportive community. Based on cognitive behavioural therapy and mindfulness meditation. Records mood, positive thoughts, relaxation methods, and sends daily reminders.
FAQs
Frequently asked questions
Contact us
+44(0)1782 734187
counselling@keele.ac.uk
Make an appointment
Confidential online form
Current Keele student? Join us on social media!