http://www.beertutor.com/privacy.shtml
Advanced Search
Home | Beer Database | Beer Styles | Forums | Homebrewing | Articles | Videos | Beer Trivia Quizzes | Recipes | City Guides | Glossary | Tools
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
Sponsor
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
Links
Travel Guides
Oregon Campgrounds
Privacy Policy
Our Policy:
7 Seconds Resources, Inc. policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users. This policy statement tells you how we collect information from you and how we use it. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
Your Email Address:
When you register for our site, you enter your email address and a variety of other personal information. When registering, you have the option of making your email address visible to others or keeping it hidden. With the previous exception, your information is used exclusively by us and is not shared with any 3rd parties. Any addition demographic information collected is used solely by us to gain a better understanding of who our audience is. Should you send us an email, we may also use your email address to respond to your feedback.
Statistical Data:
For site management, information is collected for statistical purposes. Our server collects this information for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors. This information is only used by 7 Seconds Resources, Inc. and your specific data is never shared with others.
Forums:
Our bulletin board will store a few details about you while you are using the bulletin board. The board administrator takes all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorised access to the information is granted. The following information is collected.
Cookies
The bulletin board software will set the following cookies:
Membername: This is so the board can 'remember' your username when using the bulletin board. This cookie is called 'amembernamecookie'.
Password: This is so you don't have to re-tpye in your password everytime you wish to make a post or use any of the member only features on the board. This cookie is called 'apasswordcookie'.
Last Visit Data: So that you can be made aware of any new posts since your last visit, two cookies are stored. One called 'templastvisit', the other 'lastvisit'. These only store data in a numerical format.
IP address
When you register and when you make a post - your IP address is stored on our server. This protects you as a member and us as a company when identifying that the user who posted is indeed authentic. This information will only be used if you misuse any features on the board or in any dispute. The board administrator is able to ban by IP address.
Registration Form
The registration process is designed so that you can keep a unique identity. The only required parts to the registration process are the 'Membername', 'Password', 'Location' and 'Email address'. There is an option to keep this email address private if you wish. The bulletin board administrator will take all reasonable measures to ensure that any information you provide confidentially is kept confidential. You may change this information at any time by editing your profile.
Bulletin Board Security
PHPBB.com being the authors of this Bulletin Board software have taken all reasonable steps to ensure that there is sufficient security in place to stop external misuse of any and all information that you provide.
About Us
|
| Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Links | Advertise | Contact Us
7 Seconds Resources, Inc.