https://www.keeneluxurytravel.com/privacy/
Toggle navigation
HOME
LINKS
ABOUT KLT
History & Staff Bios
Client Testimonials
In The News
SHIP REVIEWS
Regent Ship Reviews
Silversea Ship Reviews
Passenger Cruise Reviews
CONTACT
TOLL FREE (800) 856-1155
LOCAL (972) 701-9292
info@keenetravel.com
Keene Luxury TravelCruises & Custom Tours
Luxury Cruise Talk
Ocean Cruise Lines
more info...
River Cruise Lines
more info...
Land Tours
more info...
Our Hosted Trips
more info...
Privacy Statement
Keene Luxury Travel understands the privacy concerns of today's Internet users. We are committed to protecting your privacy online and offline. We hope that the following explanation of our privacy policy alleviates any possible concerns.
Whenever personal information (name, address, credit card numbers, etc.) is required, we will explicitly ask you to supply it. Any personal information provided will be used to tailor our products and services to better suit the interests of our valued customers.
Keene Luxury Travel will not intentionally sell or disclose any personal information about you or your travel plans to any other persons, organizations, or companies known to collect such information expressly for the purposes of delivering unsolicited email or illicit materials. Your personal information may be divulged when required by law or when protecting the legal rights and/or property of Keene Luxury Travel.
Keene Luxury Travel does use cookies for functional purposes. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of some websites if you do so. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major websites use them to provide better service to their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer.
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to Contact our Customer Service Department.
The New KLT Referral Bonus Program -Up to a $10,000 Discount!
Win a FREERegent Cruise! Link For Details.
Write A Ship Review And Win $5,000! -Link For Details
Receive exclusive offers and discounts via email – Sign Up Now!
Search
Value Air for First & Business Class
3535 Victory Group Way, Ste 510     Frisco, TX 75034
800-856-1155
972-701-9292
Monday - Friday 9:00am - 5:00pm (CST)
info@keenetravel.com
Privacy Policy | Copyright
2020 © All Rights Reserved. Keene Luxury Travel
Travel content powered by Advaia.com