http://www.adventureworld.co.nz/terms-and-conditions/
PEACE OF MIND
ColombiaEcuadorPeruUruguay
Multi-country Trips
Antarctica & Arctic
AntarcticaArctic
Terms and Conditions
Please click the button below to view our most up-to-date terms & conditions in relation to COVID-19.
COVID-19
The www.adventureworld.com website (including any redirections to or from www.adventureworld.com.au and www.adventureworld.co.nz) (the “Site”) is owned and operated by Adventure World Travel Pty Ltd ABN.  In these booking terms and conditions the expressions “Adventure World”, “we”, “our” or “us” include Adventure World Travel Pty Limited and entities that assist or participate with Adventure World Travel Pty Ltd in the provision of the services it agrees to provide (where the context permits, including its and their employee and agents) and the expressions “you”, “your”, “client” or the “passenger” include a person seeking or requiring the services offered by Adventure World, all other persons (if any) included with that person in the booking and that person’s or those persons’ travel agent (if any).
1. Terms and Conditions
Please carefully read and ensure you understand the following terms and conditions. You must not make any booking unless you understand and agree with the following terms and conditions.
2. Travel Products and Availability
By requesting a quote for or booking any services or products (“Travel Products”), you (if booking directly or through a travel agent) and your travel agent on your behalf (if booking through a travel agent) acknowledge and confirm that you have read our booking terms and conditions, that you accept them without reservation as constituting the entire agreement between you and us which cannot be varied other than by an officer of Adventure World in writing.
Bookings of all Travel Products we arrange are provided by suppliers we believe to be reputable and to operate in accordance with the standards set down by their own local authorities. Those Travel Products are provided subject to those suppliers’ terms, conditions and limitations (some of which may exclude or limit liability in respect of death, injury, delay, loss or damage to persons and/or effects) and we accept no responsibility for them nor do we make or give any warranty or representation as to their standard, quality or fitness for any particular purpose. Any legal recourse you may have in respect of those Travel Products is against those suppliers and not against us.
We recommend all passengers take out adequate travel insurance for the duration of their travel.
All Travel Products shown on our Site may be booked, subject to availability at the time of booking.
Considerable care has been taken to compile the information on our Site but circumstances outside of our control may necessitate changes in itineraries or accommodation (e.g. bad weather, hotel being damaged etc.). We reserve the right to cancel or reschedule departures and itineraries if required by circumstances beyond our control. Where it is necessary to change a hotel, we will endeavour to substitute accommodation of no lesser standard.
3. Prices on Site
We endeavour to ensure the accuracy of all prices displayed on the Site. Prices are specified in New Zealand dollars (unless stated otherwise) and are subject to change without notice; indicative only and subject to change until all of your booking details have been provided to us, we have confirmed your booking and you have paid in full; and per person based on twin share for travel during low season.
“From” Prices - The expression “from” with respect to a price means the lowest price for the Travel Product we believe is available at the time of publication, based on information we have received from suppliers.
Taxes, Charges and Currency Fluctuation - All Government taxes and charges imposed by suppliers or third parties (including ticketing fees and airline fuel surcharges) are payable by you and are subject to change. If there are any increase in such taxes, charges or supplier rates or any currency fluctuation which increase the price of your booking, we reserve the right to change the price you must pay by including the additional charges or amount (together with any applicable service fee and GST) at any time prior to and including the date of your departure, even if we have received full payment from you.
We will notify you of any such price changes that result in your travel arrangements being materially different from those prior to the change being effected and in respect of which we have already accepted your deposit or full payment. If so, and you do not wish to alter your travel arrangements, you may cancel them and monies you have already paid, less any charges levied by suppliers, will be refunded. Any refund will be calculated at the currency exchange rate that applied when your booking was confirmed.
Airfares - Airfare prices and conditions are subject to change or withdrawal without notification until the airline tickets are issued (For example, foreign currency airfares and airport taxes may fluctuate and are subject to the rate of exchange on date of ticket issue). Full payment is required before tickets can be issued.
Adventure World is not responsible for any increases in prices or changes in any airfare prices.
If we have knowledge of any potential airfare increases, we will advise you when confirming your booking.
Errors - We reserve the right to correct any errors in fees, charges, rate or prices quoted or billed, even if we have received full payment from you.
Exclusions - The price does not include airfares (unless otherwise stated), passport and visa fees, insurance, laundry, phone calls, beverages, meals not detailed in the itinerary, tips to tour guides, motor coach drivers and local city guides, items of a personal nature, excess baggage, expenses, fees or costs incurred in case of illness, or of refusal of entry to, detention in, or expulsion or repatriation from a country or part of a country. We are not liable for any expense, costs or loss incurred in relation to such matters and you release us from all liability, damages or responsibility in relation to them.
4. How to Book
Please contact one of our Travel Designers who will work with you to arrange an experience customised to your needs.  We will present to you written quotation for the Travel Products requested.
You must ensure names used to make a booking are exactly as appear in passports.  Any name/initial or spelling changes made after booking confirmation may result in supplier imposed fees and/or you being unable to travel.
5. Quotes
All written quotes indicate the price for the Travel Products only, they do not, unless specified, indicate the availability of the Travel Products. A quote for Travel Products is valid for 7 days from the date the quote is sent to you.
6. Payment
Upon receiving instruction from you that you wish to acquire Travel Products, we will, arrange (if available) the quoted Travel Products and provide you with a confirmation of their availability and pricing. Your instructions will constitute confirmation that you have checked the Travel Products being booked and you have read, understood and agreed to these booking terms and conditions and any terms and conditions specified in the quote.
You must, pay to us:
a deposit of at least NZD 350 within 7 days of us providing you with a confirmation of the Travel Products availability and pricing; and
any amount we notify you when confirming availability and pricing or from time to time in respect of the Travel Products you request, within the time we notify you (i.e. certain Travel Products may require a further payment, up to full payment, to confirm the booking).
Your arrangements will be booked upon our receipt of the deposit or other payment. Only after we receive the deposit or other payment and we issue you or your travel agent with a confirmation invoice is a booking accepted.
The balance of the price of your booking must be paid no later than 60 days before (or at any time stated by us) your departure. If you fail to make any required payment, we will assume your booking is cancelled.
A travel agent who makes a booking at your request is your agent and is not our agent for the purposes of receipt of the deposit or any part of the price.
7. Credit Cards
Any payment by credit card attracts a non-refundable service fee, payable at time of payment, based on the total cost of the payment as follows: MasterCard and Visa - 2.5%.
8. Amendments
If you amend your booking after it has been confirmed you must pay to us: an administration fee of at least NZD 75, to cover communication and administration costs; and any cancellation and/or amendment fees imposed by suppliers such as accommodation providers and other suppliers. We will, to the extent possible, advise you of all applicable cancellation and/or amendment fees when confirming your booking.
9. Cancellations and Refunds
If you cancel your booking after it has been confirmed, but before you utilise the Travel Product, you must pay to us:
our reasonable costs to cancel your booking (to cover communication and administration costs); and
any cancellation fees imposed by the suppliers of your Travel Products (including airlines). Cancellation fees cannot be waived.
If you have paid any amount to us in respect of a booking, we may use it to pay the above costs and fees. Any difference will be refunded to you.
Please note that the earlier you cancel your booking the lower the cancellation fees are likely to be.
After your travel has commenced, there can be no refund in respect of any Travel Product not utilised whether by choice or because of late arrival or early departure, including failure of a transport to operate according to schedule. Employees of any supplier are not authorised by us to give any undertakings in respect of refunds or other matters.
10. Limitation of Liability
We arrange the provision of Travel Products which are provided by third party suppliers. We do not ourselves provide the Travel Products you may receive on your holiday.
Suppliers Terms and Conditions
Supply of the Travel Products is made, and all itineraries, coupons and exchange orders (collectively “vouchers”) are issued to you, upon the supplier’s terms and conditions that are then in use, including as to the applicable laws, requirements and policies of any government authority related to, among others, visas, entry, exit or transfer requirements.  Your acceptance of the vouchers constitutes those terms and conditions as the entire agreement between you and the relevant supplier and you bear all costs or losses incurred as a consequence of your failure to comply with them.
Exclusion of Liability
In the absence of our negligence, we are not liable for any cancellations, diversions, substitution of equipment, variations, postponements or any other act, omission or default (whether negligent or otherwise) of any supplier nor are we liable for any loss or damage to baggage or property, injury, illness or death, or any other loss (including consequential loss) damage or claim whatsoever arising from the act, error, omission, default or negligence of any person not our direct employee or under our exclusive control.
We are not responsible for any criminal conduct of any third party.
Where a motor coach seat is fitted with a safety belt, neither we nor any supplier concerned will be liable for death, injury, or any loss or damage whatsoever you suffer from any accident or incident if you are not wearing the safety belt at the time of such accident or incident.
We are not liable for any injury, damage, loss, delay, additional expenses or inconvenience caused by your acts, omissions or defaults, your state of health, medical condition or circumstances or other reasons which are beyond our control, including force majeure events or failure of equipment or machinery.
Warranties
To the extent permitted by law, all express and implied warranties, guarantees, representations or terms are expressly excluded.
Where the law implies any warranty guarantee or condition which cannot be excluded, our liability to you for breach thereof is limited to supplying the services again or payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.
Maximum Liability
Despite any other provision of these terms and conditions, to the extent permitted by law, our maximum liability to you or any third party is limited to the price you have paid us for the booking.
11. Complaints
We endeavour to ensure that the arrangements we have made for you are implemented as arranged. If a problem occurs, the most practical way to deal with it is attempt resolution with the supplier. If you fail to follow this course, any claim for compensation may be reduced or denied. If you have any unresolved complaint, details should be lodged in writing (with supporting documentation, including efforts made with the supplier to resolve it) with your travel agent or directly with us within 30 days of your holiday concluding.
12. Hotel Descriptions and Photographs
Hotel and facility descriptions featured on our Site are based on hotel guides and information provided by suppliers and may change at any time. Pictures utilised may not reflect the exact room, décor, view or other specifications.
13. Insurance
We recommend you purchase travel insurance against forfeiture of payment, loss of deposits, cancellation charges, baggage loss, medical expenses, theft and other contingencies. We make no representations as to what you may recover under any insurance. You agree not to hold us responsible for any decision of insurers, and/or any supplier, or the requirements of any foreign government, authority, foreign law or policy.
14. International Travel
You are responsible for all immigration, passport, visa, health, quarantine and customs laws, regulations, orders, demands or other requirements of countries visited or transited. You should check the requirements of those countries with their embassies or consulates or other authorities.
Official travel advice issued by the New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade is available by calling (in New Zealand) 04 439 8000 or visiting their website www.safetravel.govt.nz. We recommend that you review this information both prior to making your booking and prior to departure.  We strongly recommend that you also register your upcoming travel plans through the www.safetravel.govt.nz site.
15. Unlicensed Supplier Disclaimer
Adventure World’s range of products have been refined over 40 years. If you request Adventure World to arrange Travel Products by a person or company which is not licensed in accordance with any applicable law, we accept no liability (whether in contract for negligence or otherwise) for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result.
16. Privacy
You consent to our, our agents and related entities to collecting, retaining, using and disclosing your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy sets out how we manage your personal information and is available on our website at www.adventureworld.com, or can be sent to you on request. Your booking of any Travel Product constitutes your representation to us that you have read our Privacy Policy and accept its application to you.
17. Our Website
By using the Site to browse any Travel Product, you represent to us that you have read our User Agreement posted on the Site and you accept its application to you.
18. Law and Jurisdiction
The agreement between us and you in respect of the services to be provided is constituted solely by these terms and conditions and is governed by the laws of New Zealand. We and you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of New Zealand and the Courts of appeal therefrom. In any legal action, arbitration, or other proceeding to enforce, interpret or construe the terms [of this Agreement/and conditions], or concerning any grievance relating to the [cruise/tour/holiday/booking], the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable legal fees and expenses on a solicitor/client basis.
19. Understanding these Terms and Conditions
If you do not understand any aspect of these terms and conditions you should seek advice from an appropriately qualified person.
Required form 'NewsletterForm' does not exist.
First Name *:
Surname *:
Email *:
I am a travel agent:
Subscribe
Subscribe to our newsletter
E-mail
First Name
Last Name
Working...