http://www.societyofwineeducators.org/index.php/terms-and-conditions
HOME   ABOUT    WEBINARS    BLOG   MAPS   CONTACT    CART   ACCOUNT
societyofwineeducators
MEMBERSHIP
EDUCATION + Certification
EXAMS + SEMINARS
CATALOG + STORE
ONLINE PREP CLASSES
CONFERENCE
About UsOfficers and DirectorsPartners and SponsorsSWE Staff
Terms and Conditions
The Society of Wine Educators (SWE) is dedicated to protecting your privacy as you use our websites. Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication of program information should contact our Operations Manager, Vanessa Brandenburg, vbrandenburg@societyofwineeducators.org.
What this privacy policy covers
This privacy policy covers the treatment of information collected through websites owned and operated by The Society of Wine Educators, including but not limited to the following SWE web properties:
societyofwineeducators.org and all its subdomains
societyofwineeducators.secure.force.com and all its subdomains
winewitandwisdomswe.com and all its subdomains
This privacy policy does not apply to the practices of companies that the Society of Wine Educators does not own or control, or of persons that we do not employ or manage, including any third-party content contributors bound by contract and any third-party websites to which our websites link.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect information that our visitors volunteer to us, including but not limited to name, email, address, city, state, country and zip code, “Personal Information”. By volunteering Personal Information to The Society of Wine Educators, you are agreeing to allow us to use your data for the purposes listed below.
You can visit our sites without revealing any personally identifiable information. However, we need certain personal information if you wish to purchase our products, register for an account, register for an event, join an online learning group, use online learning to tools, and to receive email updates.
Where required, this information may include your personal contact information, and/or your company contact information. Society of Wine Educators will use this information to reply to your inquiries, to provide you with requested products and services, to set up your account, and to contact you.
SWE Email Newsletter
If you have chosen to subscribe to our members-only emails, we store personal information for the purpose of distributing future email communications. By signing up for our emails you are agreeing to allow the Society of Wine Educators to use your data for outreach and marketing purposes.
If you would like to unsubscribe to our email list, please click the "Unsubscribe" button at the bottom of any e-newsletter you receive to be removed from the list. We will remove your name from our email list as soon as possible. Please recognize that you may receive another email before we are able to remove you.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track website traffic. This tool stores cookies on users’ computers to keep track of usage data. You can find Google Analytics privacy policy here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en. This link allows you to opt out of Google Analytics data tracking: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Who we share your data with
We will not sell, exchange or otherwise distribute your personal information to other organizations or unaffiliated third parties, except to the extent required by law. We sometimes contract with other companies (i.e. cloud-based services, payment processors, and third party service providers) and individuals to perform functions or services on our behalf. These companies and individuals may have access to Personal Information needed to perform their functions but are restricted from using the Personal Information for purposes other than providing services for us.
What right you have over your data
You can request to receive a file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You may also request that we delete any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
What right you have over your data
This Privacy Policy was last updated on October 19, 2020. We may update this policy from time to time. Changes to our Privacy Policy are effective immediately upon posting. Please check this Privacy Policy on a regular basis.
501(c)(6) Accessibility Notice
The Society of Wine Educators prohibits discrimination in its programs on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability and marital or familial status. Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication of program information should contact vbrandenburg@societyofwineeducators.org.
California Consumer Privacy Act
Society of Wine Educators visitors have the right to see a report summarizing all of their personal data that we have collected and to request the removal of their data from our computer systems.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Society of Wine Educators may at any time, without notice to you and in its sole discretion, amend this policy from time to time. Please review this policy periodically. Your continued use of Society of Wine Educators websites after any such amendments signifies your acceptance thereof.