http://www.frommers.com/about/terms_of_service.html
Thank you for subscribing!
Got it! Thank you!
Home›About›Terms of Service
About Us
Partnerships
Editorial Policy
Booking Partner Policy
Travel Guides
Frommer's Complete Catalog
Press Room
Legal & Copyright Notices
Terms of Service
Disclaimer
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
About Frommer's
Terms of Service
By registering with Frommers.com and choosing to participate in this open community, you agree to abide by the following guidelines and rules:
You will not post or transmit any material, comment or statement which violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others, or which: a)is racist, sexist, homophobic, vulgar, obscene, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable; b)is unlawful, defamatory, abusive, invasive of the privacy of others, or threatening, in any manner; c)provides any personal details of any other person (including phone numbers, real names and email addresses); d)is made under false pretenses or under another person's name; e)is commercial advertising or which may be considered commercial advertising; f)contains inflammatory material or references; g)is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right.
You will keep in mind that the Frommers.com Community is open and uncensored and depends on the goodwill and responsible behavior of its users. Please do not post or transmit any comment or statement which is deliberately intended to upset other users, start inflammatory arguments or interrupt legitimate discussion.
Frommers.com may, at anytime and at its sole discretion, remove any content which is in violation of these guidelines. Frommers.com also reserves the right to permanently block repeat offenders from accessing the Frommers.com Community.
You understand that Frommers.com has not in any manner reviewed in advance, accepted, authorized, or endorsed any content by users and accepts no responsibility, financial or otherwise for any postings and/or statements. Users shall be solely responsible for any damages resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from the posting or transmission of any material, comment or statement, and shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Frommers.com therefrom.
You hereby grant Frommers.com the right and license to edit, copy, publish and distribute, in any manner, for any purpose and in any media now known or hereafter developed, any content made available by you to Frommers.com, including but not limited to any content posted by you in the Frommers.com Community, and any email queries submitted by you to Frommers.com.
A note to Web site visitors who are 13 or younger and their parent or guardian:
Frommers.com is committed to complying fully with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). If you are a parent or guardian and would like to access, change or delete any personally identifiable information that we have collected from your child, or if you have any other questions about your child's use of this Web site, please contact us at editor@frommermedia.com. Please include your child's user name and e-mail address, as well as your own name and e-mail address, in any communication to assist us in responding to your inquiry or request.
advertisement
advertisement
Get Inspired for Your Next Vacation
Frommer's, and carefully selected third parties, use cookies on this site to improve performance, for analytics and for advertising. By browsing this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. For more information see our Cookie Policy.
I accept
Destinations
All Regions
Asia
Australia & South Pacific
Caribbean & Atlantic
Central & South America
Europe
Middle East & Africa
North America
Mexico
USA
Canada
Top Picks
Paris
Washington, D.C.
Rome
San Francisco
Miami
New York City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Hong Kong
London
Trip Ideas
Arts & Culture
Beach & Water Sports
Cruise
Local Experiences
Food & Drink
Outdoor & Adventure
Road Trips
National Parks
Winter Sports
Travelers with Disabilities
Family & Kids
LGBT
Honeymoons
Senior
Single
Student
Women
All Slideshows
Deals & Bookings
Hotel Deals
Vacations
Cruises
Car Rentals
Tips & News
Air Travel
Cruise News
Entry Requirements & Customs
Car, Bus, Rail News
Money & Fees
Health, Insurance, Security
Hotel News
Packing & Luggage
Packages
Blogs
-Arthur Frommer Online
-Passportable
All Slideshows
Special Features
Alaska Made Easy
Great Vacation Ideas in the U.S.A.
Best of the Caribbean
Best of Mexico
Cruise Inspiration
Podcasts
Bookstore