http://www.ianmacleod.com/privacy-notice-applicants
Our Company
About Us Our Values Awards History Podcast Corporate Responsibility Careers
Brands
Featured Brands
GlengoyneTamdhuSmokeheadKing Robert IIIsle of SkyeLangs RumEdinburgh Gin
Malt Whisky
'As We Get It'Chieftain'sMacleod'sSheep DipShieldaigThe Six Isles
Blended Whisky
Black ShieldClan MacleodDunfifeGlenshireHedges & ButlerIsle of SkyeLangsMajor Gunn'sMarshalMaxwellPig's NoseQueen's SealScottish Stag
Gin
King Robert IILondon Hill GinMarlborough GinRaffles
Vodka
King Robert IIRostov Vodka
Rum
King Robert IILangs RumWatson's Demerara & Trawler Rums
Wincarnis Wines
Wincarnis 1887 LiqueurWincarnis Wines
Distributor Brands
Atlantico Rum
Private LabellingBulkNews & EventsContact
Toggle navigation
Site Navigation
Our Company
About Us Our Values Awards History Careers
Brands
Private LabellingBulkNews & EventsContact
Privacy Policy
For the purpose of this Privacy Notice, Ian Macleod Distillers Ltd (IMD) are referred to as the ‘Controller’ of the personal data you provide to us. This privacy notice relates to the collection, storage and use of your personal data – in relation to our: recruitment activities. Additional privacy notices relating to our employee focussed HR activities (internal IMD employee reference) and other business activities e.g. customers, marketing, contractors etc (external reference) are available under separate cover. IMD reserve the right to make any updates and/or amends to this privacy notice at any time (which will be dated), therefore we encourage candidates to review regularly and ensure that they are fully aware of the privacy notice in operation at any particular time.
Data collected for the purposes of recruitment activities
We only collect personal data about you for the purposes of making contact with you and then assessing your competence and capability for a role with us. This data is provided directly by you or your third party representative (a recruitment agency acting on your behalf). The basis for collection of this data on our part is a combination of individual consent, legal obligations and legitimate interests. During the recruitment stage, your personal data will include your name, address, email address, telephone number/s and any social media personal addresses (details of which you or your representative would have provided us with). Any other additional information collected from you at this stage would be a copy of your CV and any associated documents you or your representative decide to submit and/or those documents which you have been requested to produce as part of the recruitment and selection process. We never ask for any sensitive information at the recruitment stage and any other data which you provide is given on a voluntary and consensual basis. Upon registering your interest via our recruitment portal, you may also be asked to provide us with specific information in relation to your application. Please note that we will not accept any other means of candidate interest – any other submitted methods will be responded to with the advice that the data will be electronically deleted and/or confidentially shredded. We will redirect individuals to apply directly via our recruitment portal. Where any third party acts as a representative on your behalf, the third party will be asked to submit your details via the same recruitment portal, subsequently ticking a statement to confirm that he/she has your expressed permission to submit to us your personal details and in doing so has actioned this in line with the principles adhered to within our IMD privacy notice and to those that relate to the third parties confirmed compliance with the GDPR principles.
Why we need your data
Once you (or the third party agent acting on your behalf) has made a decision to apply directly to a role with us (or to register speculative interest for any future up and coming opportunities), we then only need to know your basic personal data so that we can make contact with you in regards to your interest in a job role with us. At this point we will also retain and refer to a copy of your CV, cover letter and any other contact means in which we can assess your candidature. We do not use any type of automatic profiling on any of this data held. If however any psychometric testing is subsequently carried out and only with your expressed permission, you would be provided with clear information in terms of the psychometric tool used and how any of your data will be used and stored in those regards. For the purposes of recruitment activities, we will not collect any personal data from you that we do not need in order to assess your candidature for a role with us.
What we do with your data
All the personal data we process for both recruitment and HR purposes is processed by our own staff who are directly employed by IMD and who are based in the UK. However for the purposes of IT hosting and maintenance, this information is located on servers within the European Union managed by our trusted third party who advise that they adhere to all GDPR standards. No subsequent parties have access to your personal data unless the law allows them to do so and/or we are taking counsel on your application by our legal or professional advisors. We have a clear Data Protection policy in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data.
How long we keep your data
Under UK law and best practice, we will retain all personal details for unsuccessful candidates and those candidates who have withdrawn their application for a period of up to 12 months from the date they have been advised that their application has been unsuccessful or the date they have provided written request to withdraw. These personal details will then be deleted and erased electronically from the online recruitment portal by IMD. Successful candidates however do become employees and the privacy notice moves to that relating to employee focused HR activities. The retention period for this type of personal data is likely to also changes in line with our internal retention policy. The details of both policies are contained within our employee handbook. Any personal information that you or your third party representative have provided us with, will be stored electronically within our recruitment portal until you or your third party representative notifies us that you no longer wish to remain part of our speculative talent bank. You can unsubscribe from our speculative talent bank or indeed withdraw your entire application from IMD at any time, by logging into the recruitment portal and updating your personal record. In line with the above statement, regardless we will however retain your personal data for up to 12 months for legitimate business reasons and potential legal obligations.
What we would also like to do with your data
As part of you or your third party representative signing up with a recruitment account via out recruitment portal, at the point of submission of your details, you will be providing IMD with your explicit permission to be able to use your personal data to inform you of any our future job opportunities with IMD and to assess your candidature against specific open job opportunities. None of your personal information however will be shared with any third parties, unless we feel that there is a legal requirement for us to do so and/or gain advice on your application from any of our professional and/or legal advisors.
What are your rights
If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect, you can make the changes directly to your own record to have the details corrected or deleted by logging in and updating your details. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact us directly to have the matter investigated (dataprivacyofficer@ianmacleod.com). If after that point you remain dissatisfied with our response, or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law, you can raise a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) https://ico.org.uk
IMD, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Privacy Notice (For Applicants) 22/05/2018
Ian Macleod Distillers Limited is Registered in Scotland No. 32696
Registered Office: Russell House, Dunnet Way,
Broxburn EH52 5BU
Ian Macleod Distillers Ltd encourages responsible drinking in line with SWA guidelines and . Please adhere to the legal purchase age in your country of residence.
Privacy |
Careers |
Privacy Notice (For Applicants) |
Terms |
Modern Slavery Policy
Website by The Weather Digital