http://www.waterworldcolorado.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policywdd2019-12-09T15:24:22-07:00
[Click here for Refund Guidelines & Terms of Use]
Hyland Hills Water World Privacy Policy:
Hyland Hills Park and Recreation District (Water World) is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains the following privacy policy to protect personal information you provide online.
Basic Confidentiality Policy. It is HYLAND HILLS’ policy that personal information, such as your name, postal, and e-mail address and telephone number, is private and confidential. Accordingly, the personal information you provide is stored in a secure location, accessible only by designated staff, and used only for the purposes for which you provide the information (such as to reply to your request, provide information on HYLAND HILLS’ programs and facilities or to enlist in a contest). HYLAND HILLS facilities include Adventure Golf & Raceway, Carroll Butts Athletic Park, Donald VanArsdale Gymnastics Center, The Greg Mastriona Golf Course at Hyland Hills, the Ice Centre at the Promenade, Water World and our various community buildings and park sites.
If you also indicate on our site that you would like to receive information about other HYLAND HILLS’ programs and services, your personal information will be added to appropriate mailing lists. If at any time you change your mind and would like to add or remove your name from HYLAND HILLS’ mailing list, or update your personal information, please email us at unsubscribe@hylandhills.org
No Release of Information to Third Parties. HYLAND HILLS may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information;
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of HYLAND HILLS to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.);
We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or
We find that your actions on our web sites violate the HYLAND HILLS Terms of Service or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Personal information will not otherwise be released to third parties. There are no other circumstances under which we will provide or sell personal information to third parties.
No Computer Tracking of Identifiable Information. Our systems do not track, collect or distribute personal information about its visitors. They do recognize the IP address visitors, but not e-mail addresses (unless specifically requested for contesting, purchases or other opt-in offers). Site information is used to confirm participation in HYLAND HILLS’ marketing programs, and may be used to advise participants of the numbers of visitors who come to our site from their sites. No personal information is collected.
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Refund Guidelines & Terms of Use
Water World Management has made the difficult decision to cancel the 2020 season. Please see our official statement here.
To view FAQ’s for our Season Pass Guests please click here.
×
Go to Top