https://www.drive-alive.co.uk/privacy.html
Drive-Alive Holidays Ltd Privacy Statement
Driving holidays in Europe for the independent motorist. Ferries, hotels, holiday homes, camping.
Drive-Alive Holidays Ltd - Privacy Statement
THE ONLY INFORMATION DRIVE-ALIVE HOLDS ON OUR USERS IS THEIR EMAIL ADDRESS AND
NAME IF SUPPLIED WHEN SUBSCRIBING TO OUR OCCASIONAL NEWSLETTER.
If you sign up to our email newsletter you must also confirm your wish to receive
these newsletters by verifying your email address. We will give you the chance to
refuse email from us in the future via an unsubscribe link in
every newsletter. If you unsubscribe all your details will be automatically
deleted from our datbase. We do not send marketing emails to non-customer, personal
email addresses ('spam').
The Drive-Alive website is a portal featuring information about all aspects of
motoring in Europe and providing information about and booking links to the many
companies involved in planning and booking a motoring trip in Europe. All bookings
and payments are made to the company providing the service or product concerned.
No bookings are made directly with Drive-Alive and no information is collected and
held about you by Drive-Alive except your email address if you explicitly sign up
for our newsletter and verfiy your email address.
All bookings are made directly with our ferry, hotel, self-catering, insurance
and car hire partners, as well as any other products and services featured on the
Drive-Alive websites. We advise you to check the privacy statements on their websites.
However, we take great care to ensure that we only deal with partners whom we believe
to be adhering to the strictest standards of security and privacy protection and
which are in compliance with the reuirements of GDPR.
We remain committed to protecting your privacy. The only information we do collect
about you is your email address for the purpose of sending our newsletter and which
will only be collected lawfully and with your permission (in accordance with the
Data Protection Act 1998 and the provisions of GDPR).
We are fully compliant with the requirements of the GDPR
We abide by the best practice codes of the DMA's Direct Marketing Code of
Practice and the British Code of Advertising, Sales Promotion and Direct Marketing.
We will not sell or pass on your email address to any other organisation,
and will only use it for the express purpose of sending our newsletter.
We will always include a link to unsubscribe from future email newsletters.
We ensure that you are the correct owner of the email address by requesting
you to verify the address provided.
Any personal information you do supply by emailing us at our contact email address
info@drive-alive.co.uk will have been
provided by you voluntarily and will not be given or sold to any third party except
for the express and sole purpose of responding to or resolving your olriginal query.
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
Any information about you, including, if provided by you, your email address, will
be held securely on our encrypted server. You can check the information that we
hold about you by emailing us. If you
find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with
our internal security policy and the law. This information is transmitted in an
encrypted form using a 128 bit key, and is stored on a private secure server, inaccessible
from the internet.
If we intend to transfer your information outside the EEA (European Economic Area)
we will always obtain your consent first.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site.
This can include using "cookies" which would
be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening.
The information thus collected only identifies your computer, it tells us nothing
about you personally. The information collected in this way can be used to identify
your computer unless you modify your browser settings, although doing so will mean
that not all website functions will be available to you.
More about Drive-Alive and cookies
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should
email us.
Our contact details:
Drive-Alive Holidays Ltd
2 Westbrook Court
Sharrow Vale Road
Sheffield S11 8YZ
email: info@drive-alive.co.uk
Newsletter sign-up
For the latest on driving in Europe plus great deals and special offers, enter your email address. Privacy policy
Latest newsletter
Drive-Alive on Facebook
Driving in EuropeDriving in EuropeDriving in AustriaDriving in BelgiumDriving in DenmarkDriving in FranceDriving in GermanyDriving in IrelandDriving in ItalyDriving in LuxembourgDriving in the NetherlandsDriving in NorwayDriving in PortugalDriving in SpainDriving in Switzerland
WE RELY ON YOU, OUR USERS, TO KEEP THIS WEBSITE GOING! If you like all the fantastic free information on Drive-Alive please come back here to book ferries, hotels, apartments, holidays homes and car hire. The booking links take you to the companies' websites where you pay exactly the same prices as if you'd gone direct. We take a small commission which funds the upkeep of this website.
Vehicle breakdown insurance from Insure4Breakdown
Site map
Cookies
Contact us
Holiday websites
Travel domains for sale
Latest Tweets
Tweets by drivealive
Newsletter
Subscribe to our regular travel updates
Social
© Copyright 1999-2020 Drive-Alive Holidays Ltd - All rights reserved.