http://www.escuba.com/resources/policies.aspx
Home
Dealer App
Service & Repair
Shipping & Returns
Login
Shop By Category
Camera Accessories
Cameras
Clothing
Demo Gear
Dive Skins
DPV / Scooters
Masks / Snorkels
Safety Gear
Spare Air
Torches
Shop By Brand
Dive Alert
Indigo Industries
Ocean Quest
Sealife
Spare Air
Shop Cart
Search
Search
MENU
Home
Service & Repair
Dealer App
My Account
Shop Cart
Contact Us
Shop By Category
Camera Accessories
Cameras
Clothing
Demo Gear
Dive Skins
DPV / Scooters
Masks / Snorkels
Safety Gear
Spare Air
Torches
Shop By Brand
Dive Alert
Indigo Industries
Ocean Quest
Sealife
Spare Air
Home
Shopping Policies
eScuba Shopping Policies
Shipping Policies
Please see our shipping policies page for
all shipping details.
Repair, Return & Refund Policy
At eScuba, we are proud to offer the most flexible return policy in the industry:
a 60/120-day Satisfaction Guarantee on all of our products.
If it is within 60 days and the product(s) are in new condition with original packaging,
there is a 100% credit or refund on any product.
If it is within 60 days and the product(s) are used or not returned with original
packaging, it's not a problem, we will e-mail to you gift certificate for 75% that
can be used to purchase any product we sell on the eScuba.com website.
If it is between 60 - 120 days and the products are in new condition, we will e-mail
to you a gift certificate for 100% that can be used to purchase any product we sell
on the eScuba.com website.
You never need to contact us for a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) - simply
click here to create an RMA online.
To ensure that your return/exchange is handled in a speedy manner, always include
a copy of your receipt.
To return an item, just follow the simple directions below and we'll take care of
the rest!
Pack the item(s) securely. All returned products should be in the condition they
were received in, as well as in their original packaging. Please remember to include
all warranty cards and manuals.
Please write your RMA# obtained by creating an
Online RMA along with a copy of your receipt.
Send your package via an insured carrier. (Please note that shipping charges cannot
be refunded.)
In the event of any questions or problems with your order, or if the product received
was defective or damaged, please contact our Customer Service Department within
60 days of receipt. We will make every effort to resolve the problem as quickly
as possible. Customer Service can be reached at 1-800-eScuba or
+61 2 8014-4867 or by emailing us at
info@escuba.com.au.
Transaction Currency
All transactions are processed in Australian Dollars (AUD). Prices are listed in
Australian Dollars (AUD) including GST but excluding shipping costs.
10% Customer Credit
You earn 10% credit by purchasing products from eScuba.
(Note: excludes closeout items which do not earn any credit.)
Your credit is earned after you place your order and can be
applied to any future purchases on eScuba. eScuba credits can be applied to your
order after clicking the "Checkout" button from the shopping
cart page. Visit your My Account page
to view your credits.
Customer Service Policy
eScuba is committed to providing exceptional customer service and quality products.
We endeavour to make sure that all products listed on our website are currently
in stock and pricing is true and correct. In the event that an ordered item is not
available or we are unable to fulfill your order we will notify you within 2 business
days to arrange an agreeable alternative item, a backorder or a full refund.
Privacy Policy
eScuba is dedicated to keeping your details private. Any information we collect
in relation to you is kept strictly secured. We do not pass on/sell/swap any of
your personal details with anyone. We capture only the information necessary to
complete your order, such as Billing Address and Shipping Address. Cookies are files
that are stored on your local computer usually used to enhance your web experience.
There are two types of information stored in your cookies: your order number(s),
and your customer number(s). No credit card information or personal information
is stored in cookies.
Whenever you use our web site, or any other web site, the computer on which the
web pages are stored (the Web server) needs to know the network address of your
computer so that it can send the requested web pages to your Internet browser. The
unique network address of your computer is called its "IP address," and
is sent automatically each time you access any Internet site. From a computer's
IP address, it is possible to determine the general geographic location of that
computer, but otherwise it is anonymous.
We do not keep a record of the IP addresses from which users access our site except
where you have specifically provided us with information about yourself, in which
case we also record your IP address for security purposes. An example of this would
be when proceeding to a checkout to finalise an order you may wish to make. After
completing the form provided, your IP address will be stored along with a transaction
number that allows us to track your order.
Security Policy
Thank you for shopping at eScuba.com. We've done our best to ensure the privacy
and security of your transactions with us. Your credit card number and other personal
data will be treated with the highest standards of safety, security features, and
confidentiality. Orders placed on our site are encrypted using the latest 128-bit
SSL technology, so rest assured that your transactions are protected. With SSL implemented
on both the client and server, information sent via the Internet can be trusted
to arrive privately and unaltered to our server only. If you have any questions
regarding our security policy, please contact our customer support centre at
info@escuba.com.au.
Full Warranty
All products sold through eScuba come with a full manufacturer's warranty.
Full Sherwood Warranty. Sherwood Scuba warrants to the original retail owner that all of its products will be free from defects in materials or workmanship for a period of two (2) years from the date of purchase.
Register your Sherwood product here.
Full Sealife Warranty - All Sealife products sold through eScuba come with a full SeaLife Manufacturer's
one (1) year warranty. See details of the SeaLife warranty
here.
Full Akona Warranty.
AKONA Adventure Gear warrants to the original retail owner that all of its products will be free from defects in materials or workmanship for a period of two (2) years from the date of purchase.
Register your Akona product here.
Full Submersible Systems Spare Air Warranty -
Register your Spare Air product here.
Full Ideations Dive Alert Warranty -
See more details here.
FOLLOW ESCUBA ON TWITTER
JOIN ESCUBA ON FACEBOOK
WATCH ESCUBA ON YOUTUBE
eScuba Pty Ltd
Click here for Repairs & Service Details
Shipping Address:
eScuba Pty Ltd
C/o Dive Smart Pty Ltd
97 Cecil Avenue
CASTLE HILL, NSW 2154
Contact us via Facebook Messenger below:
eScuba
All prices are in AUD and inclusive of GST (10%)
Are you having problems with our site?
Please email us so we can take care of you.
Site Map | Contact Us | Scuba Gear Reviews
Message Us on Facebook
1-800-eScuba
61 2 8014-4867
abn: 68.142.650.780
Powered by iDive US Patent # 14/037,308
AU Patent # 2013204166
info@eScuba.com.au