http://www.wildernessvolunteers.org/privacy-policy.html
Photo Gallery
Blog
Donate
Projects
By Date
By Map
Who Can Volunteer
Sign Up
FAQ
Gift Certificates
Difficulty Ratings
Agency Info
Scholarship
Join/Donate
Supporter Info
Join/Renew Now
Donate Now
Other Ways to Give
Partner with WV
About WV
About WV
Staff
Board
Leaders
Annual Report
Partners
Employment
Privacy Policy
Resources
FAQ
Backcountry Ethics
Backcountry Safety
Get in Shape
Stay Healthy
Tips & Tricks
Contact
Contact WV
Agency Info
Privacy Policy & Conditions of Use
Your privacy is very important to us.
Wilderness Volunteers has a firm commitment to internet privacy. The information below covers what information Wilderness Volunteers collects and how we use it.
You can visit our website without giving us any information about yourself and without revealing any personal information. We do not put cookies on your computer. Our website does collect general information about website use such as the web browser, type of device you are using, the web site that referred you to us, the pages requested and the date you request them. This information is used to generate statistics and measure site use. No personally identifiable information about individuals is collected without their knowledge. When you sign up for a Wilderness Volunteers trip, the information you provide is used collect trip fees and determine project suitability. Contact information is used to send you trip materials and to provide the trip leaders a way to contact you with trip logistics.
All information provided on the Wilderness Volunteers Trip Application is encrytped and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data. Wilderness Volunteers does not sell or otherwise disclose user information outside our organization. We do not exchange participant information with other organizations.
reCAPTCHA Privacy Policy
We use the reCAPTCHA service provided by Google Inc. (Google) to protect your submissions via internet submission forms on this site. This plugin checks if you are a person in order to prevent certain website functions from being (ab)used by spam bots (particularly comments). This plugin query includes the sending of the IP address and possibly other data required by Google for the Google reCAPTCHA service. For this purpose your input will be communicated to and used by Google. However, your IP address is previously truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are party to the agreement on the European Economic Area and is, as such, anonymized. Only in exceptional cases is a full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of this service. The IP address provided by reCaptcha from your browser shall not be merged with any other data from Google.
This data collection is subject to the data protection regulations of Google (Google Inc.). For more information about Google's privacy policy, please visit: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
By using the reCAPTCHA service, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
CONDITIONS OF USEUse of the Wilderness Volunteers website constitutes agreement to our terms of use. We encourage you to review the following information carefully.
TRADEMARKS
Wilderness Volunteers and other marks indicated on our site are trademarks owned exclusively by Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back. The use of these trademarks and trade dress is prohibited if used in connection with the sale of any product that is not Wilderness Volunteers', in any manner that seeks to disparages or discredit Wilderness Volunteers or in any manner that may cause confusion among our customers.
COPYRIGHT
All content on this website is the exclusive property of Wilderness Volunteers. Said content includes text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio and video clips, digital downloads, and software. Our content is protected by United States and international copyright laws and we reserve all rights contained therein. In case of dispute or infringement, we will rigorously defend our rights to this material.
PROTECTING YOUR ACCOUNT
Some portions of this website permit username and passwords to be used. You are responsible for protecting your unique username and password and you agree to be responsible for all activities performed under your user account.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
Wilderness Volunteers grants you (the user) a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. This license does not include the right to download any material (other than routine page caching), modify any material, or any portion thereof, without the express written consent of Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back. This license excludes the download or collection of logos, product descriptions, pricing, text, graphics, audio and video clips, and/or copying account information. This website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written permission of Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back. You are prohibited from using meta tags or any other hidden text utilizing Wilderness Volunteers’ name or trademarks without the express written consent of Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back. Any unauthorized use of this website voids the limited license granted by Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back.
CONTENT SUBMITTED BY SITE USERS
If you do post content to this site or otherwise submit material (including, but not limited to, photographs and testimonials), you grant Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. By your submission you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back reserves the right to remove any content at our sole discretion.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
This site is provided by Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back makes no warranties, either expressed or implied, as to the operation of the site or the content contained therein. You expressly agree that your use of www.WildernessVolunteers.org is at your own risk.
Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back cannot warrant that this site, our servers, or email communications affiliated with the use of this website, are free from viruses. Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back will not be responsible for any damages of any kind resulting from use of this website, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
This site has links to other websites as a convenience to our users.
These include links to websites operated by government agencies, nonprofit organizations and private businesses.
When you use one of these links, you are no longer on this site, this Privacy Notice will not apply and you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site.
When you follow a link to one of these sites neither Wilderness Volunteers nor Wilderness Volunteers staff can warrant the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published by these external sites, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from these systems, and can not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of their information. Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current.APPLICABLE LAW
By visiting www.WildernessVolunteers.org, you agree that the laws of the state of OR, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back.
CHANGES IN POLICY
Wilderness Volunteers: Giving Something Back reserves the right to modify, alter, delete and update these policies at any time we see fit. Such alterations do not nullify our rights if infringements or breaches occurred under a pervious version of these conditions.
About WV
Staff
Board of Directors
Volunteer Leaders
Annual Report
Employment
Privacy Policy
Connect with us: