http://www.thebmc.co.uk/privacy
HOME
IN THIS SECTION...
Articles
Events
Downloads
Videos
Homepage
DON'T MISS
Read this article »
USEFUL LINKS
Working for climbers, hill walkers & mountaineers
Sign In
HOME INDOOR CLIMBING ROCK CLIMBING WALKING MOUNTAINEERING THE BMC
MEMBERSHIP TRAVEL
INSURANCE SHOP
BMC TV
NEWS
EVENTS
LOCAL AREAS
CLUBS
COURSES
CONTACT US
GOVERNANCE
MEDIA
AMBASSADORS
VOLUNTEERS
IN TRAVEL INSURANCE
Get instant cover online
Our five different policies
Why choose BMC insurance?
What’s covered by BMC insurance?
Making a claim
Common Q&A
Emergency help
GET A QUOTE
IN SHOP
Start shopping
What’s new
Coming soon
Bestsellers
Delivery charge
Returns
Common Q&A
FEATURED PRODUCTS
SHOP NOW
JOIN THE BMC
UPGRADE YOUR CLUB MEMBERSHIP
READ SUMMIT ONLINE
Home »
The BMC
»
BMC Organisation
»
Privacy Policy
BMC Privacy Policy
Contents
Introduction
What data we collect about you
How we use your data
How we collect your data
Cookies
Disclosure of your personal data
Where we store your data
How long we store your data
Children
Marketing communications
Your rights
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Contact
Introduction
The British Mountaineering Council (company number 02874177) want to make sure all the personal information we have collected about you is safe and secure whether we collect it through our website at thebmc.co.uk (“Site”) BMC apps or from other sources.  This Policy set outs our commitments to you, in compliance with and beyond the General Data Protection Regulation (commonly known as the GDPR) and explains how we collect, store and use your personal information.
We have appointed two Data Protection Officers to oversee our compliance with data protection laws.  If you have any questions about this Policy or what we do with your personal information, their contact details are set out in the "Contact" section below.
What data we collect about you
Collecting specific, relevant personal information is a necessary part of us being able to provide you with any services you may request from us or in providing services to our customers and members or just managing our relationship with you.
This privacy policy will give an overview on what personal information is collection from you and the privacy notices below set out specific information that we may collect from different BMC operational areas which may apply to you:
Membership
When you sign up for membership with us, you may provide us with or we may obtain personal information about you, such as information regarding your
personal contact details that allows us to contact you directly such as name, title, address, email addresses and telephone numbers;
date of birth;
Family members connected to your membership;
Current and historic membership details including membership type, start and end date;
Any club or committee connections;
records of your interactions with us such as telephone conversations, emails and other correspondence and your instructions to us;
Payment details – bank account number, sort code, card details records of your attendance at any events hosted by us;
records of your attendance at any events hosted by us and incidents / near misses;
your marketing preferences so that we know whether and how we should contact you
Insurance
In addition to the membership information above:
Insurance policy details such as policy type, start and end date; medical referral number
Competitions and other events
In addition to any membership details (when applicable):
Dietary requirements
Medical conditions
Physical or mental disabilities
Gender
Date of birth
Membership details (including Mountaineering Scotland)
Next of kin details
Climbing/mountaineering ability
Instructor or coaching award levels
Full name and category is published on the results page after each competition
Volunteers
In addition to any membership details and any Competition and other events details (when applicable):
Training undertaken for the role
Shop
Delivery address
Billing address
Item purchases
We also collect and use cookies on the BMC websites. Please see below for further information.
How we use your data
The table below describes the main purposes for which we process your personal information, the categories of your information involved and our lawful basis for being able to do this.
Purpose
Personal information used
Lawful basis
Members
To administer any membership account(s) you have with us and managing our relationship with you, including arranging for any insurance and dealing with payments and any support, service or product enquiries made by you
All contact and membership details, transaction and payment information, records of your interactions with us, and marketing preferences.
This is necessary to enable us to properly manage and administer your membership contract with us.
To arrange and manage any contracts for the provision of any products and/or services.
All contact and membership details.
Transaction and payment information.
This is necessary to enable us to properly administer and perform any contract for the provision of products and/or services.
To send you information which is included within your membership benefits package, including details about advanced membership information, your insurance policies, competitions and events, partner offers and discounts and any updates about the British Mountaineering Council organisation.
All contact and membership details
This is necessary to enable us to properly manage and administer your membership contract with us.
To answer your queries or complaints
Contact details and records of your interactions with us
We have a legitimate interest to provide complaint handling services to you in case there are any issues with your membership.
To conduct data analytics studies to better understand event attendance and trends within the sport
Records of your attendance at any events or competitions hosted by us.
We have a legitimate interest in doing so to ensure that our membership is targeted and relevant.
For the purposes of promoting the sport, our events and membership packages.
Images in video and/or photographic form.
Where you have given us your explicit consent to do so – and parental consent where children are involved.
To comply with health and safety requirements
Records of attendance
We have a legal obligation and a legitimate interest to provide you and other members of our organisation with a safe environment in which to participate
Competitions and other events (when applicable)
To administer your attendance at any courses or programmes you sign up to
All contact and membership details, Youth Climbing Series age category, transaction and payment data.
Details of your current affiliated club or other, coaching/teaching qualifications and/or officiating history.
This is necessary to enable us to register you on to and properly manage and administer your development through the course and/or programme.
To conduct performance reviews, managing performance and determining performance requirements
All performance and attendance data and information about your health.
Details of your current affiliated club or other, coaching/teaching qualifications and/or officiating history.
Qualification start & end dates.
This is necessary to enable us to properly manage and administer your development through the course and/or programme.
We process special category personal data on the basis of the “special category reasons for processing of your personal data”
To ensure the smooth running of the event for example passing relevant data to event organisers or volunteers
All contact and membership details, Youth Climbing Series age category, transaction and payment data.
Dietary requirements, booking preferences, accessibility requirements.
Data may be shared with event organisers such as venues, judges, routesetters.
We have a legitimate interest in doing so to ensure that events run smoothl.
To comply with legal obligations, for example, regarding people working with children or vulnerable adults to comply with our safeguarding requirements
Information about your criminal convictions and offences, DBS checks, case management files.
For criminal records history we process it on the basis of legal obligations or based on your explicit consent.
Everything else
To administer any shop purchases, donations or legacies you make with us and managing our relationship with you, and dealing with payments and any support, service or product enquiries made by you
All contact, transaction and payment information, records of your interactions with us, and marketing preferences.
This is necessary to enable us to properly manage and administer your shop purchase with us.
To send you other marketing information we think you might find useful or which you have requested from us, including our newsletters, information about Membership, events, participation products and information about our commercial partners
All contact and membership details and marketing preferences
Where you have given us your explicit consent to do so.
Research and analysis to monitor and improve our services
All contact and membership details and marketing preferences, cookie data from site use and any additional information given to us
To enable us to monitor for safeguarding, ensure that services run smoothly, and improve them where we can.
How we collect your data
We typically collect information that you provide by filling in forms on http://thebmc.co.uk (the “site”).  This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the site, becoming a member of the British Mountaineering Council (the BMC), purchasing insurance or shop items, donating to the Access and Conservation Trust and signing up to events. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with the site.
We may also collect information from you from other 3rd party online platforms for events and surveys (see below for more information about data sharing).
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including (where available) your IP address, operating system and browser type. This data is used to help improve your experience with our online communications and to report aggregate information to our advertisers.
You may refuse to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when visit the site. Find out more about which cookies are collected here.
Disclosure of your personal data
Where applicable, we may share personal information with the following parties and Data Processors:
To any governing bodies, regional bodies or event organisers for the activities covered by the BMC, to allow them to properly administer the event on a local, regional and national level.
To Mountain Training, if you are also a member of Mountain Training.
Other service providers: for example, email marketing platforms, SMS platform payment processors, insurance underwriters, online Summit magazine platform, data analysis, contractors or suppliers and IT services (including CRM, website, video- and teleconference services);
Our supply chain partners & sub-contractors, such as couriers, mailing houses;
The Government or our regulators: where we are required to do so by law or to assist with their investigations or initiatives.
Police, law enforcement and security services: to assist with the investigation and prevention of crime and the protection of national security.
We do not disclose personal information to anyone else except as set out above.
Any Data-Processor, will be vetted to the highest standard, and sufficient contracts will be in place to protect the integrity and privacy of your data.
Disclosure of your personal information with clubs
BMC Affiliated clubs provide us with personal information about their members in order to register them for insurance and other member benefits. By storing and using this personal data, we become joint controllers of this personal data. Clubs have a responsibility to provide their members with both our and their privacy notices.
Where we store your data
The BMC takes all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Where possible data will remain on servers within the European Economic Area (EEA), however, we may store data on servers outside of the EEA when there is no other suitable alternative. When we store data in non-EEA counties we ensure there are adequate safeguards including a 3rd party data agreement with sufficient data protection clauses.
How long we store your data
This Section sets out the data retention policies and procedure of the BMC, which are designed to help ensure compliance with legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information
Personal information that is processed by the BMC for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Without prejudice to point 2 (above) the BMC will usually delete personal data falling within the categories set out below at the date/time set out below:
Record Type
Retention Period
Information about a computer and about visits to and use of the BMC website and associated digital products (including an IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths
6 years
Information provided when registering with the BMC website and associated digital products (including email address)
6 years after last interaction
Information provided when completing a profile on the BMC website and associated digital products (including a name, gender, date of birth, interests and hobbies, educational details)
6 years after last interaction
Information provided for the purpose of subscribing to email
notifications and/or newsletters (including a name and email
address)
6 years after last interaction
Information relating to any subscriptions made (including name, address, telephone number, email address and card details)
6 years after last interaction
Information posted to our website for publication on the internet
Indefinitely
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section, the BMC will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
(a) to the extent that the BMC is required to do so by law;
(b) if the BMC believes that the documents may be relevant to any on-going or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) and in order to establish, exercise or defend the BMC’s legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
Children
When we process children’s personal information, where required we will not do so without their consent or, where required, the consent of a parent/ guardian. We will always have in place appropriate safeguards to ensure that children’s personal information is handled with due care.
Marketing Communications
We may contact you by email, post or SMS with information about products and services we believe you may be interested in.
We will only send marketing messages to you in accordance with the marketing preferences you set. You can tailor your marketing preferences by logging into to “my account” on the website. You can also opt out from all marketing communications here. You can also unsubscribe from our marketing by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the marketing messages we send to you.
Your rights
Full details of your rights set out in the relevant privacy notice provided to you, but you are entitled by law to ask for a copy of your personal information at any time. You are also entitled to ask us to correct, delete or update your personal information, to send your personal information to you or another organisation and to object to automated decision making. Where you have given us your consent to use your personal information in a particular manner, you also have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any questions relating to your rights, please contact us by using the details set out in the "Contact" section below. You can also unsubscribe from any direct marketing by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the marketing messages we send to you. You can also tailor your marketing communication preferences by logging into the website here.
You should note that some of your rights may not apply as they have specific requirements and exemptions which apply to them and they may not also apply to personal information recorded and stored by us.  However your right to withdraw consent or object to processing for direct marketing are absolute rights.
If you are unhappy with the way we are using your personal information you can complain to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office or your local data protection regulator. More information about your legal rights can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website at https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/.  However, we are here to help and would encourage you to contact us to resolve your complaint first.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to this Policy in the future will be posted on our Site and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. When we change this Policy in a material way, we will update the version date at the bottom of this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Policy and should you object to any alteration, please contact us as set out in the "Contact" section below.
Contact
If you have any questions about data protection and the BMC, please get in touch. The BMC’s data protection officers are Kate Anwyl and Alan Brown.
Email: office@thebmc.co.uk
Phone: 0161 445 6111
Address: 177-179 Burton Road, Manchester, M20 2BB
Whilst this privacy policy sets out a general summary of your legal rights in respect of personal information, this is a very complex area of law. More information about your legal rights can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website at https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public.
Version Date 25th May 2018
« Back
Print this article
Tweet
This article has been read
16001
times
BMC ORGANISATION NEWS STORIES
MOST VIEWS MOST COMMENTS
Contact the BMC Office
BMC CEO Changes
An update on the new Interim Executive and Board matters
Statement from the BMC National Council and Board
BMC volunteer awards
Member consultation of the BMC Strategic Plan
3
An update on the new Interim Executive and Board matters
3
BMC Board of Directors
1
Opportunities to get involved with the BMC
1
London calling: meet our new regional officer
7
BMC MEMBERSHIP
Join 82,000 BMC members and support British climbing, walking and mountaineering. Membership only £16.97.
Read more »
BMC SHOP
Great range of guidebooks, DVDs, books, calendars and maps.
All with discounts for members.
Read more »
TRAVEL INSURANCE
Get covered with BMC Insurance. Our five policies take you from the beach to Everest.
Read more »
LATEST IN EACH SECTION
ACCESS
Support BMC ACT when you shop online
CLUBS
The Rucksack Club and Urban Uprising team up for 2021 calendar
COMPETITIONS
Sport climbing officially added to Paris 2024 Olympics
GEAR
Call to check avalanche transceivers as potential issue reported
GENERAL
Information: BMC Travel Insurance purchased before 6pm on 11 March 2020
GUIDEBOOKS
Peak District Grit: now ready to show you the way!
HUTS
Covid-19 and reopening huts
INTERNATIONAL
Bronze for Molly Thompson-Smith in European Lead Championships 2020
MEDICAL
BMC/BMMS Mountain Medicine Weekend
MEMBERSHIP
Spread the Word: refer a friend and win an epic day out
PRESS
How does Coronavirus (COVID-19) affect your BMC Travel Insurance policy?
SKILLS
Make your winter count 2020
WALLS
Climbing the walls during Covid
YOUTH & EQUITY
Mothers and daughters in climbing: your stories
Contact Us Feedback & Errors
Terms of Use
Jobs at the BMC
Governance
Safeguarding
Privacy Policy
The British Mountaineering Council (BMC)
is the representative body that exists
to protect the freedoms and promote the interests of climbers, hill walkers and
mountaineers, including ski-mountaineers. The BMC recognises that climbing, hill
walking and mountaineering are activities with a danger of personal injury or death.
Participants in these activities should be aware of and accept these risks and be
responsible for their own actions.
Website designed by
©
2020
The British Mountaineering Council
Stay in the loop
We use cookies to ensure a better website performance, to analyse site traffic and to give you a more tailored experience. By continuing to use the website, you consent to our
cookie policy.
Accept