https://www.pezcollectors.com/conditions.html
New Pez
POP!+PEZ
On Sale
Hot Items
About Us
Contact
Log In
or
Register
HEADER_ADVANCED_SEARCH
Your cart is empty
Checkout
Newest Pez Releases
Funko POP PEZ
Funko POP!+PEZ COMING SOON
Vintage No Feet Pez
Quasi Vintage 3.9 Pez
Current US Pez for Sale
Current European Pez
Retired US Pez
Pez Mail Order Offers
Limited Edition Pez
Retired European Pez
Bandai Mini Pez
Asian and Australian Pez
Pez Licensed Products
Other PEZ Products
Pez Accessories
Pez Shoes and Displays
Pez Price Guides
Pez Candy
Old Pez Candy Packs
Other Candy Collectibles
Gift Certificates
Hot Items
New Pez
All Products
Your cart is empty.
View Cart
Checkout
Categories
Newest Pez Releases
Funko POP PEZ
Funko POP!+PEZ COMING SOON
Vintage No Feet Pez
Quasi Vintage 3.9 Pez
Current US Pez for Sale
Cartoon and Movie Pez
Batman and Villains Pez
Bee Movie Pez
Despicable Me Pez
DreamWorks How to Train Your Dragon
Golden Compass Pez
Harry Potter Pez
Hello Kitty Pez
Jurassic World
Kung Fu Panda Pez
Madagascar 2 Pez
My Little Pony Pez
Nickelodeon
Nintendo Pez
Peanuts Pez
Scooby Doo Pez
Secret Life of Pets Pez
Shopkins Pez for Sale
Shrek the Third Pez
Smurfs Pez
SpongeBob and Friends Pez
Star Wars Pez
Strawberry Shortcake Pez
Thomas the Tank and Friends Pez
Transformers Pez
Trolls Pez
UglyDolls Pez
Collectors Pez Gift Sets and Tins
Convention Pez and Pins
Crayola Crayon Pez
Disney and Pixar Pez
Best of Disney Pixar Pez
Disney Animal Friends Pez
Disney Cars Pez
Disney Fairies Pez
Disney Frozen Pez
Disney Junior Pez
Disney Mickey Anniversary Pez
Disney Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Pez
Disney Muppets Pez
Disney Pirates of the Caribbean Pez
Disney Princess Pez
Finding Nemo and Dory Pez
Handy Manny Pez
Incredibles Pez
Lion King Pez
Meet the Robinsons Pez
Monsters University Pez
Phineas, Ferb and Perry Pez
Ratatouille Pez
Toy Story Pez
Winnie The Pooh Pez
Emoji Pez
Holiday Pez
Christmas Pez
Easter Pez
Halloween Pez
Valentines Day
Hot Wheels Pez
Interactive and Connectible Pez
LOL Surprise Pez
Pez Heroes
Pez Party Favor 10 Packs
Pez Visitor Center Exclusives
Plush Pez
Arctic Babies Plush Pez Petz
Barnyard Babies Plush Pez
Cuddle Cubs Pez Petz
Easter Hippity Hoppity Plush Pez
Hello Kitty Plush Pez
Original Pez Fuzzy Friends Bears
Original Pez Fuzzy Friends Cats and Dogs
Safari Babies Plush Pez
Wildlife Animals Plush Pez
Winter Plush Pez
Promotional Pez
Rigs and Trucks Pez
Sports Pez
Major League Baseball Caps Pez
Major League Baseball Pez
NASCAR Hauler Pez
NASCAR Helmets Pez
NASCAR Pull n Go Pez Cars
NCAA Basketball Pez
NCAA Football Pez
Pez Sports
Super Hero Pez
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
USA Presidential Pez Series
Current European Pez
Euro Disney Pez
Euro Fairies Pez
Euro Hello Kitty Pez
European Cartoon and Movie Pez for Sale
European Holiday Pez
European Pez Mini Mints
European Promotional Pez
European Sports Pez
European Super Hero Pez
European Truck Pez
European WB Looney Tunes Pez
NICI Jolly Mah Pez
Peppermint Pez Candy Tins and Regular
Pez Smart Vitamin
Pez Soft Shooters
Retired US Pez
Bugz Pez
Cartoons and Movies Pez
Bob the Builder Pez
Bratz Pez
ET Extra-Terrestrial Toys R Us Pez
Flintstones Pez
Garfield Pez
Ice Age 2, 3 and 4 Pez
Madagascar Pez
Muppets Pez
Open Season Pez
Over the Hedge Pez
Sesame Street Pez
Simpsons Pez
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Series I Pez
TMNT Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Pez
WB Looney Tunes Pez
Coach Whistle Pez
D Series Misfit Truck Pez
D Series Truck Pez
Disney Pez
Chicken Little Pez
Disney Ducktales Pez
Disney Extremes Pez
Mickey and Friends Classic Pez
Emergency Hero Pez
FAO Schwarz Pez Exclusives
Funky Face Pez
Holiday Pez
Retired Christmas
Retired Easter
Retired Halloween
Retired Valentines Day Pez
1996 through 2003 Valentine Pez
2005 Valentine Pez Hearts with Sayings
2006 Valentine Heart Pez White Stems
2008 Valentine Crystal Pez Block Fonts
2009 Valentines Cloudy Crystal Short Pez
Jack In the Box Promo Pez
Kooky Zoo and Animals Pez
Peter Pez Clown
Pez-A-Saurs Pez
Regular Pez
Sourz Pez
Sports Promotional Pez
Super Heroes Pez
Pez Mail Order Offers
Bubbleman Pez Offers
Crystal and GITD Pez Mail Order Offers
Limited Edition Pez Offers
Misfit Pez Offers
USA Hearts Pez
Limited Edition Pez
Retired European Pez
Baby Bugs Pez
Bug Friends Pez
Crazy Animals Pez
E. T. Extra Terrestrial Pez
Euro Promotional Pez
European Cartoon Pez
Asterix Pez
Euro Bob the Builder Pez
European Garfield Series 2 Pez
European Muppets Pez
MGM Tom and Jerry Pez
Mr. Bean Pez
Nintendo Mario Pez
Original Smurfs Pez
Pink Panther Pez
Pokemon Pez
Smurfs Series II Pez
Trias Family Pez-a-Saur Dinosaur Pez
Tweenies Pez
European Disney Pez
Jungle Book II Pez
Merry Music Makers Pez
Pez Body Parts
Pez Pals
Play World and Bastel Pez Sets
Retired European Holiday Pez
Warner Brothers Looney Tunes Pez
Bandai Mini Pez
Asian and Australian Pez
Pez Licensed Products
Basic Fun Pez Keychains
Dream Castle Pez Watch and Keychains
GoodStuff Plush Pez
Misc. Pez Licensed Products
Pens, Diary and Calculators
Pez Bubble Wands
Pez Eyeglass Cases
Pez for Pets Dog Treat Dispenser
Pez Juice Boxes
Pez Lunch Boxes by Bosley Boxes
Pez Party Favor Mini dispensers
Pez Petz Gum Dispensers
Pez Retrospect PHB, Carlton and Hallmark O
Pez Watches
Pez Wobblers
PezHeads the Movie
SquibblesInk, Inc. Pez
Worlds Smallest Pez
Other PEZ Products
Auto - PEZ
Bubble Stickers
Euro Premiums
Pez Header Cards and Counter Displays
Pez Indy Racing Cars
Pez Jungle Mission, Pens and Magic
Pez Lip Balm
Pez Mini Mints
Pez Notes Journal
Pez Salesman Samples
Pez School Tool
Pez Telephone
Pez Yummy Bubbles
Vintage Pez Stickers and Costumes
Pez Accessories
Pez Shoes and Displays
Pez Price Guides
Pez Candy
Old Pez Candy Packs
Other Candy Collectibles
Candy Poopers
Klik Candy Dispensers
Pop Ups
Radz and Bytz Candy Dispensers
Gift CertificatesOn SaleHot ItemsNew PezAll Products
New Pez - [more]
Games Bundle Operation, Monopoly, Rock em Sock em Robot POP!+PEZ$18.00
News and Information
PCS Monthly Newsletters
Pez Collecting 101
Hong Kong Fake Pez
Identifying Fake Regulars
Spotting Reproduction Parts
Links
Store Policies
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Printable Price List
Site Map
Discount Coupons
Home
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
1. Acceptance of Terms of Use and Amendments Each time you use or cause access to this web site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, and as amended from time to time with or without notice to you. In addition, if you are using a particular service on or through this web site, you will be subject to any rules or guidelines applicable to those services and they shall be incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use. Please see our Privacy Notice, which is incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference. 2. Privacy PolicyRegistration data and other personally identifiable information that we may collect is subject to the terms of our Privacy Notice. 3. Registration and PasswordYou are responsible to maintain the confidentiality of your password and shall be responsible for all uses via your registration and/or login, whether authorized or unauthorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use or your registration, user account or password. 4. Third Party ServicesGoods and services of third parties may be advertised and/or made available on or through this web site. Representations made regarding products and services provided by third parties are governed by the policies and representations made by these third parties. We shall not be liable for or responsible in any manner for any of your dealings or interaction with third parties. 5. Our ServiceOur web site and services provided to you on and through our web site on an AS IS basis. You agree that the owners of this web site exclusively reserve the right and may, at any time and without notice and any liability to you, modify or discontinue this web site and its services or delete the data you provide, whether temporarily or permanently. 6. IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify and hold us harmless, our subsidiaries, affiliates, related parties, officers, directors, employees, agents, independent contractors, advertisers, partners, and co-branders from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys fees, that may be made by any third party, that is due to or arising out of your conduct or connection with this web site or service, your provision of Content, your violation of this Terms of Use or any other violation of the rights of another person or party. 7. Disclaimer of WarrantiesYou understand and agree that your use of this web site and that your use of this web site and any services or content provided (the service) is made available and provided to you at your own risk. It is provided to you as is and we expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, implied, or express, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. We make no warranty, implied or express, that any part of service of the service will be uninterrupted, error-free, virus-free, timely, secure, accurate, reliable, of any quality, nor that any content is safe in any manner for download. You understand and agree that neither us nor any participant in the service provides professional advice any kind and that use of such advice or any other information is solely at your own risk and without our liability of any kind. 8. Limitation of LiabilityYou expressly understand and agree that we shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible loss, resulting from or arising out of resulting from or arising out of (I) The use of or the inability to use the service,(II) The cost to obtain subsitute goods and/or services resulting from any transaction entered into on through the service, (III) Unauthorized access to or alteration of your data transmissions, (IV) Statements or conduct of any third party on the service, or (V) any other matter relating to the service. 9. Reservation of RightsWe reserve all of our rights, including but not limited to any and all copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and any other proprietary right that we may have in our web site, its content, and the goods and services that may be provided. The use of our rights and property requires our prior written consent. We are not providing you with any implied or express licenses or rights by making services available to you and you will have no rights to make any commercial uses of our web site or service without our prior written consent. 10. Applicable LawYou agree that this Terms of Use and any dispute arising out of your use of this web site or our products or services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with local laws where the headquarters of the owner of this web site is located, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. By registering or using this web site and service you consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the county or city where the headquarters of the owner of this web site is located.
Back
Desktop VersionMonthly Newsletter
Copyright © 2020 Pez Collectors Store, a division of Candy Collectibles, LLC.The Pez Collectors Store and www.pezcollectors.com are not affiliated or endorsed in any way, shape or form with PEZ© Candy, Inc. PEZ© and the PEZ© name are registered trademarks of PEZ© Candy, Inc.