https://www.chamboree.org.uk/terms-conditions/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice
Chamboree takes the issue of privacy very seriously and is committed to protecting and respecting our users’ privacy online. This Privacy Notice and Data Protection Policy sets out our current data processing practices and should be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions. If you have any queries or concerns regarding these practices, you should contact us at info@chamboree.org.uk
The information we collectThe only circumstances in which we will provide any of your personal data to a third party for non commercial purposes are those contained in this Privacy Policy.
Registration informationWhen you register with www.chamboree.org.uk, we ask for some personal details such as name, email address and postcode. We usually also capture your IP address at the time you register.
Sharing of dataWe do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any third parties with regard to any payment you make to Chamboree.
Advertisingwww.chamboree.org.uk may include interactive advertising for other businesses as part of the site operation. We may use, and provide to third parties, your contact details if you have given us permission to do so.
Legal JurisdictionAll personal information and details held on and processed by computers situated in the United Kingdom or within Europe.
Further informationwww.chamboree.org.uk will, as part of its normal operation, send out information emails. Members can decide to ask for these emails as they register.
Disclosure of data by order of a Court and SecurityWe reserve the right to communicate a Member’s personal information as we hold to third parties who are empowered by regulation, statute or order of a court.We have security measures in place to protect our customer database. Access to this database is restricted internally. However, it remains each Member’s responsibility: –
to keep their password secret
to protect against unauthorised access to your personal details
to log off from the www.chamboree.org.uk service when not using it; and
to ensure against use by anyone else of the www.chamboree.org.uk Service through the machine that Member uses while they are “logged on” to the www.chamboree.org.uk service
to search and obtain only the data specifically required and allowed for relating to their role.
Use of cookies by ChamboreeCookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.The table below explains the cookies we use and why: –
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More Information
Google Analytics
_utma_utmb_utmc_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
Module cookie
Module_layout1module_layout2module_layout3module_open
These cookies are used to store your personal homepage layout of the chamboree.org.uk home page.
We are working towards developing a new system that will remove the need for this Cookie.
Session cookies
res_widthres_heightPHPSESSID
These cookies are used to optimise you screen resolution for user logged in areas. These are session cookies and only last as long as you browser is open
These cookies are essential to the running of the site and member areas.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
YouTube cookiesWe embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
The Data Protection actYou can obtain further information about data protection laws by visiting the Information Commissioner’s website at http://ico.org.uk/for_organisations/data_protection.
Contacting www.chamboree.org.ukIf you want to contact us to raise any questions about this privacy statement, or any general matters relating to www.chamboree.org.uk, you can contact us using this email address: info@chamboree.org.uk.
Google AnalyticsVisitors to this website who have javascript enabled are tracked using Google Analytics. Google Analytics collects the following types of information from users:
Type of user agent (web browser) used, software manufacture and version number.
Type of operating system
Screen colors (color processing ability of the users screen)
Javascript support
Flash version
Screen resolution
Network location and IP address
Can include country, city, state, region, county, or any other geographic data.
Hostname
Bandwidth (internet connection speed)
Time of visit
Pages visited
Time spent on each page of the website
Referring site statistics
The website (URI) the user came through in order to arrive at this website (example: clicking on a hyperlink from Yahoo.com that took the user to this website)
Search engine query used (example: typing in a phrase into a search engine like Google, and clicking on a link from that search engine)
This data is only used to optimise our website for our visitors.
This data DOES NOT include any personalised identification information such as:
Names
Phone numbers
Email addresses
Mailing addresses
Bank account numbers
Credit card information
Data Protection Policy
What is personal data?Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.  Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) 2016.
Who are we?Chamboree is a Jamboree run by Cheshire County Scout Council, who are the data controller (contact details below).  This means Chamboree decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
How do we process your personal data?Chamboree complies with its obligations under the Data Protection Act and GDPR by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.We use your personal data for the following purposes: –
To enable us to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of members of World Scout Organisation Movements and World Association of Girl Scouts and Girl Guides
To administer records for those attending Chamboree;
To fundraise and promote the interests of Chamboree;
To manage our volunteers and contractors;
To maintain our own accounts and records;
To inform you of news, events and activities pertaining to Chamboree;
We may share your contact details with Cheshire Scout Council, The Scouts UK and Girl Guiding UK upon their request.
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Explicit consent of the data subject so that we can keep you informed about news, events, activities and keep you informed about Chamboree.
Processing is necessary for carrying out obligations under employment, social security or social protection law, or a collective agreement;
Processing is carried out by a not-for-profit body with a political, philosophical, religious or trade union aim provided: –
the processing relates only to members or former members (or those who have regular contact with it in connection with those purposes); and
there is no disclosure to a third party without consent.
Sharing your personal dataYour personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be shared with other members of the Chamboree team in order to carry out a service to other Camp members or for purposes connected with the Chamboree. We will only share your data with third parties outside of Chamboree, Cheshire County Scout Council, The Scouts UK or Girl Guiding UK with your consent.
How long do we keep your personal data?We keep all personal data related to all campers/visitors/staff for a maximum of six months post Chamboree, with the exception of Photographs and Video which will be held to assist in promoting future Jamboree events and for marketing purposes. This will then be destroyed except for Group Leaders, Staff and Contractors e-mail details and will automatically join the mailing list for the next Chamboree.
Your rights and your personal dataUnless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: –
The right to request a copy of personal data which Chamboree holds about you;
The right to request that the Chamboree corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for Chamboree to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time
The right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable) [Only applies where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and in either case the data controller processes the data by automated means].
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing.
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable) [Only applies where processing is based on legitimate interests (or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics]
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
Further processingIf we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
Contact DetailsTo exercise all relevant rights, queries of complaints please in the first instance contact Chamboree at info@chamboree.org.ukYou can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
Chamboree 2018 Highlights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OzIiblDI5k
Recent Posts
Logo Competition
Space is the theme for Chamboree 2022
Chamboree 2022 theme
IST highlights 2018
Chamboree Highlights
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok