https://www.bridgerv.com/privacy-policy/
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.bridgerv.com, Bridge RV Park & Campground, and Bridge RV Corp and governs data and collection usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Bridge RV Corp include www.bridgerv.com, Bridge RV Park & Campground, and Bridge RV Park. The Bridge RV Park Website is an RV Park Information and Reservations site. By using the Bridge RV Park website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Who we are
Bridge RV Corp d/b/a Bridge RV Park & CampgroundOur website address is: https://www.bridgerv.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Bridge RV Corp collects personal and reservation data for the sole purposes of accommodating your lodging requirements. Personal information includes any information that you voluntarily submit to us via phone, email, or through our website and that identifies you personally, including name, address, contact information, reservation data, payment data, and other information about yourself and your recreational equipment.Unless provided specifically to make a reservation, we do not collect personally identifiable information from our users without consent. We will never sell your information to a third party source.We do not knowingly collect or process data from anyone under the age of eighteen (18) years old.
We Protect Your Information
We want you to feel confident about using this website to reserve space, and we are committed to protecting the information we collect. While no website can guarantee 100% security, we have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us. We implement a variety of security measures. Only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information, and they may only do so for permitted business functions. We use encryption when transmitting your sensitive personal information between your system and ours, and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information.
Cookies
The www.bridgerv.com website does not use cookies.
Bridge RV Corp, however, may use Google Analytics to gather statistics on site usage. This may involve the use of cookies. There are more details about this in Google’s own privacy policy. Google may aggregate data they collect from their various services including Google Analytics, Google Translate, Google Maps, and YouTube. You acknowledge and accept that Bridge RV Corp has no control over Google’s data collection. We strongly advise you to look at Google’s privacy policy for details pertaining to their data collection practices.
Social Media & Unofficial Web Pages
Bridge RV Corp maintains no social media or other websites other than www.bridgerv.com. This does not mean that social media platforms have not created “unofficial” pages for Bridge RV Park & Campground. Bridge RV Corp has no responsibility nor accepts any liability for personal information posted to those websites.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited said other websites directly.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with any embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Bridge RV Corp encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from www.bridgerv.com so that you can understand how those websites collect, use, and share your information. Bridge RV Corp is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the www.bridgerv.com website.
How long we retain your data
Personal and reservation information is retained indefinitely with the exception of credit or debit card information.
Changes to this Statement
Bridge RV Corp will occasionally update this statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Bridge RV Corp encourages you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how Bridge RV Corp is protecting your information.
What rights you have over your data
We are obligated to retain reservation information to satisfy various governmental agencies. You may, however, request us to anonymize (“John Doe”) your personal data. Bridge RV Corp welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
Bridge RV Corp.65271 Highway 14White Salmon, WA 98672Email Address:bridgerv@bridgerv.comTelephone Number:(509) 493-1111
Effective as of April 22, 2019
Bridge RV Park & Campground
65271 Highway 14
White Salmon, WA 98672
Phone: (509) 493-1111
Office/Propane Hours
Winter Hours
7 Days 9:00am – 1:00pm
• No Public Dump or Showers •
• Sorry, No River Access •
SAVE 10% TONIGHT!