http://www.flying-paradise.com/privacy_policy
>
Privacy Policyfrom Flying Paradise
Privacy Statementfrom Flying Paradise
Preface
Flying Paradise, strives to ensure that personal data of customers and visitors are handled and protected with the utmost care. Flying Paradise therefore adheres to the requirements set by the Personal Data Protection Act and other privacy legislation. The person responsible for data processing is Flying Paradise, Aristomenous 17, 10440 Athens Greece.
This policy outlines how we aim to achieve this and includes the information collected when using our website (www.flying-paradise.com)
Processing of personal data
Flying Paradise records personal data within the framework of its services. This is the case, for example, when you book a paragliding holiday with us, subscribe to our newsletter, order products from us, express your interest, or otherwise have contact with Flying Paradise. This concerns data such as contact details, transaction data, socio-demographic characteristics and stated interests. Flying Paradise uses this information for the execution and settlement of the relevant agreement, for its other services and internal operations, and for keeping customers informed of (new) products and services of Flying Paradise. Your data can also be made available to carefully selected third parties for providing information or offers. If you no longer wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe at any time.
Your email address
If you have entered your e-mail address, for example during the registration process on our newsletter, this address can be used to inform you as a customer about relevant and interesting similar products and services of Flying Paradise. If you no longer wish to receive this information, you can unsubscribe at any time. You may also have consented to your email address being used for incidentally receiving relevant information about products, offers and promotions from and by Flying Paradise or other companies. These companies are carefully selected by Flying Paradise.
Signing out
If you no longer wish to receive information about (new) products and services (by e-mail) you can unsubscribe at any time by using the unsubscribe link in the e-mail. If this is not possible, you can also do this in writing: Flying Paradise, Aristomenous 17, 10440 Athens Greece
Access and correction of your data
Flying Paradise offers the possibility to both view and change your data. You can request Flying Paradise by mail or post to view your data. If the information is incorrect, we will adjust it.
Click behavior and IP address
On the websites of Flying Paradise general visitor data are kept, without identifying the visitors. The purpose of this is to optimize the layout of the website. This data can also be used to put more specific information on the site. In this way Flying Paradise can further optimize its services to you. To do this, Flying Paradise also uses the IP address of your computer. This IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you visit the internet. They can be used to see what use is made of the website and for the preparation of analyzes and reports.
Use of Cookies by Flying Paradise
Cookies are small pieces of information (files) that a website leaves on your computer. The website instructs the web browser that you use to view websites (eg Internet Explorer) to store these cookies on your computer. Flying Paradise uses cookies to collect information about its customers for purposes of targeted communication, including providing service information about its products and targeted marketing activities around Flying Paradise products.
How can you refuse cookies?
You are always entitled to refuse cookies. You can set your web browser (eg Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox) to refuse all cookies or only certain cookies (please consult the manual of your web browser). If you refuse cookies, certain services may not be available to you.
Amendments
Flying Paradise reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Statement. Therefore, check this Privacy Statement regularly for the privacy policy of Flying Paradise.
Book 2020
Early booking for 2020 Spring & Summer Season get your place before we are fully booked.
Make your booking now! & check our 2020 offer
Address
Epidavros, Peloponnese
E-mail
info@flying-paradise.com
Telephone
+30 6972 094 024
© 1995 - 2020 Flying Paradise  |  Privacy Policy  |  Use of Cookies
Design & Development. Donald Boers
Flying Paradise Mailinglist
×
Sign up to the Flying Paradise mailinglist for amazing offers and unbelievable discounts.
Close