https://www.greatlakes.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We are committed to protecting and maintaining your privacy and we are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) and Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act). As part of our business operations we may collect your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes the type of personal information we may collect and how we use, hold and disclose this personal information.
What Kind of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Collect It?
The type of personal information we collect will vary depending on the nature of your dealings with us. We only collect personal information that we need for our business activities, or which is volunteered to us. In general, the type of personal information we collect and hold could include (but is not limited to) your name, address (postal and email), contact details, geographic location (including your suburb or post code), gender, date of birth, activity and transaction details relating to your use of our products and services and any preferences you tell us about. We may collect your personal information over the internet, over the phone, when you write to us, when you attend an event or program run by us or when you participate in a survey, questionnaire, competition or other marketing campaign run by us.
How will we use or disclose your information?
Generally, we only use or disclose personal information for the primary purpose for which we have collected it, or for another related secondary purpose, unless you have provided your consent for us to use it for another purpose. We may use or disclose your personal information for the following primary purposes:
Contacting you because you have requested information about our park;
providing you with news and information about our products and services (including newsletters, surveys and special offers);
providing you with more effective customer service;
enabling us to conduct customer research;
making our websites, services or products easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information;
performing research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies;
sending marketing and promotional material about our products and/or services that we believe you may be interested in;
verifying your identity;
communicating with you, including by email, mail or telephone.
investigating any complaints about or made by you, or if we have reason to suspect that you are in breach of any of our Terms of Use or that you are or have been otherwise engaged in any unlawful activity; and/or
using personal information as otherwise required or permitted by any law (including the Privacy Act).
What Marketing Communications Will You Receive?
Opting In
In certain contexts when we collect information from you, you may be asked to “opt in” to consent to us using or disclosing your personal information. For example, you may be asked to opt-in to receive further information or communications from other local businesses or services.
Opting Out / Unsubscribing
You will be given the opportunity to “opt out” from receiving communications from us that are sent to you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For example, you will be given the option to unsubscribe from newsletters, emails and other marketing or promotional material sent by us.
If you receive communications purporting to be connected with us or our services that you believe have been sent to you other than in accordance with this policy, or in breach of any law, please email manager@greatlakes.com.au.
Security and Management of Your Information
We understand that the security of your personal information is important. It is our policy to ensure that all employees understand and take reasonable steps to keep personal information secure.
In all instances, we only disclose your personal information in accordance with the APPs and this Privacy Policy.
Access To Personal Information
Under the Privacy Act, you have the right to request access to the personal information which we hold about you. If you wish to exercise your right under the Privacy Act to seek access to the personal information that we hold about you, we ask that you contact us.
We will endeavour to acknowledge your request for access within 7 days, and to provide you with access within 30 days of the date of receipt of your request. We will notify you if we consider it will take longer than 30 days to provide you with access. If you seek access to records held by us which are not current records, we will need to contact you to discuss your request, it may take a longer period of time to locate these records.
Changes to your information
We endeavour to ensure that the personal information we hold is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You have the right to ask us to correct information about you which is inaccurate, incomplete, out of date, not relevant or misleading.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may, from time to time, review and update this Privacy Policy to take account of new laws, technologies and changes to our operations. All personal information held by us will be governed by our most recent Privacy Policy which will always be available on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, complaints regarding how we handle your personal information or would like to make an access request, please contact us by writing to:
Att: Park Manager, 1 Baird Street, Tuncurry, NSW, 2428 or via e-mail manager@greatlakes.com.au;
All complaints received will be assessed by the Manager and all reasonable steps (if any) will be taken to remedy the complaint. We will endeavour to respond to your complaint within 30 days of receipt of the complaint by our Manager. If you are not satisfied with our response, you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.