https://www.goatbeer.com.au/privacy-policy/
Our Beers
Our Spirits
Locations
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out Mountain Goat Beer’s commitment to safeguard your Personal Information in the course of conducting our business, and describes the purposes for which we may collect, store, use and disclose your Personal Information.
Some useful definitions
In the Privacy Policy:
Personal Informationmeans information about an individual, whose identity is apparent or can reasonably be identified from that information (for example, a person’s name, address, phone number, date of birth).Mountain Goat Beer means Mountain Goat Beer Pty Ltd ABN 46 078 742 524 of 80 North Street, Richmond, Victoria 3121 Australia.Asahi Australia Group means any direct or indirect parent, subsidiary, or sponsor or an “Associated Entity” of Asahi Premium Beverages (as that term is defined under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).Sensitive Informationincludes information about race, ethnicity, political opinion, memberships of political associations, religious beliefs, philosophical beliefs, membership of trade unions, sexual preference or practices, criminal records or health information.
Does the Privacy Policy apply to me?
Our Privacy Policy applies to all people, except Mountain Goat Beer employees, who deal with Mountain Goat Beer.
This includes consumers of Mountain Goat Beer products, individuals who participate in a game, promotion, survey or other feature conducted or operated by Mountain Goat Beer, and individuals who use the Mountain Goat Beer website. It also includes suppliers to Mountain Goat Beer, and individuals or other entities that enter into sponsorship or other agreements with Mountain Goat Beer.
Privacy Laws
Our Privacy Policy is governed by Australia’s Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the Privacy Act).
When do we ask for personal information and how do we use it?
Mountain Goat Beer may request, hold, and use your Personal Information in the following circumstances:
to verify your identityto enable you to participate in promotions and other activitiesto provide you with products or services that you have requested, and to provide you with any other benefits you may subsequently be entitled to in relation to these products and servicesto manage and administer a product or service, including charging, billing and collecting debtsto conduct checks for creditworthiness and fraudto provide you with news and information in relation to Asahi Premium Beverages and our products and servicesto develop and improve products and servicesto promote and market to you products, services and special offers made available by us or the Asahi Australia Group, licensees and suppliersto maintain and develop our business systems and infrastructure, including testing and upgrading these systemsto comply with our legal obligations, including for the purpose of or in connection with legal proceedings or if necessary for establishing, defending or exercising legal rightsfor other purposes that are notified to you prior to you giving your information to us or that are authorised or required by lawrelated purposes to those set out above, where you would reasonably expect us to use or disclose information for that purpose
We seek to collect Personal Information from you directly where it is reasonable and practical for us to do so. However, we may also collect your Personal Information from third parties such as the Asahi Australia Group, credit reporting agencies, or your representatives. We may also collect Personal Information about you by other means such as through our websites, or other publicly available sources of information.
Sometimes we may also ask you to give us Personal Information about other people, such as your family or an authorised representative. If you provide us with this Personal Information, we rely on you to tell those people that you are giving their Personal Information to us, and provide them with a copy of this Privacy Policy.
When, and to whom, will Mountain Goat Beer disclose my personal information?
We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties (such as the Asahi Australia Group or other companies and organisations outside of Mountain Goat Beer) only for the purposes set out above. We may also disclose your Personal Information where we are required or authorised by law to do so.
The third parties to whom Mountain Goat Beer may disclose your Personal Information include:
our professional advisors (such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors) and service providers (such as marketing and PR agencies)organisations that we have engaged to provide services or carry out other functions on our behalf (such as outsourcing contractors, marketing, telemarketing, door-knocking services, market researchers, website usage analysts)credit providersgovernment and regulatory authorities and other organisations
We take reasonable steps to make sure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your Personal Information.
We will not sell your Personal Information.
Do I need to provide Mountain Goat Beer with my information?
You do not need to provide us with your Personal or Sensitive Information. However, if you do not provide us with your Personal Information we may not be able to provide you with the products or services you require.
How can I access and change my Personal Information?
You can contact us using our contact details listed below to request access to the Personal Information we hold about you. For security reasons, we will need you to put your request in writing. We will not typically charge you for lodging a request to access your Personal Information.
Generally we will give you full access to your Personal Information – however, there may be some circumstances when this is not possible (including for legal or administrative reasons). If we do not provide you with access to all of your Personal Information, we will tell you the reason why we have not done so.
We depend largely on you to provide us with accurate Personal Information. Please help us to keep our records up to date by informing us of changes to your Personal Information (such as your name and address).
If you find that any Personal Information we hold about you is inaccurate, please contact us using the contact details listed below.
Is my Personal Information stored securely?
We have put in place reasonable security measures to prevent loss, misuse, or unauthorised access and alterations of the personal information under our control. Mountain Goat Beer employees and service providers are required to maintain the confidentiality of any Personal Information we hold.
Unfortunately, we cannot and do not guarantee that unauthorised access to your Personal Information will not occur.
If Personal Information we hold is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or alter that information so that it no longer identifies you.
Sensitive Information
We do not collect Sensitive Information about you unless we are authorised or required by law to do so, or you have consented to us collecting that information from you for a particular purpose. If you have provided us with Sensitive Information for a particular purpose, we will only use it for that purpose.
Will my information be transferred overseas?
We may occasionally need to transfer your personal information outside of Australia. We will only do this in specific circumstances permitted by law, including where:
we reasonably believe that the recipient of the information is subject to privacy principles that are substantially similar principles to those contained in the Privacy Actwe have obtained your consent to transfer your Personal Information overseas, orwe have taken reasonable steps to ensure that your information will not be held, used or disclosed by the recipient in a way that is inconsistent with the principles contained in the Privacy Act
IP addresses and cookies may be used
Our websites, and those of the Asahi Premium Beverages Group, may make use of the IP addresses registered in the log primarily for the following purposes:
to identify the cause of and to resolve problems caused by the serverfor the purposes of site administration
Please note that an IP address does not identify an individual.
Our websites may also make use of cookies. Cookies are information that the site sends to your browser, which are stored as small files on your hard drive. The use of cookies allows the site to record what specific pages you have visited. Websites can provide services and tailored information by using cookies together with the information provided by you.
Mountain Goat Beer websites use cookies primarily for the following purposes:
to improve the content of our websites and e-mail to enhance your experience on our websites, and to tailor the websites to individual usersto customise our services according to the interests of individual usersto regulate advertising so that members are not repeatedly shown the same ads, and to make adjustments so that members view ads likely to be of interest to them.
Information obtained through the use of cookies may be statistically analysed, compiled and published. No personal information will be included in the end result of this process.
You can adjust your browser settings to block the use of cookies, or to warn that a cookie has been accepted. Most of the services provided on our websites can be accessed even if the browser blocks cookies. However, there may be some services that offer only limited access, or no access, if cookies are disabled.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should periodically review this page to ensure that you are familiar with the most current version of this Privacy Policy. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by reviewing the statement at the top of the Privacy Policy.
Contact us
If you have any questions in relation to privacy, please contact us.
Not for kids,
just grown up goats.
Are you over 18 years old? Yes No Join the goat army
Find out more
UGC PolicyTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyContact us
© 2020 Mountain Goat Beer
Content cannot be shared with those under 18. Please enjoy responsibly.
Website by Thirst Creative