https://www.skydivinglondon.com/skydivingtermsandconditions2.htm
Skydiving Terms & Conditions
Home
Skydiving
Skydiving Terms
Thank you for booking your skydive experience with Skydive Centre Ltd.
Our professional and dedicated skydiving staff will guide you through
the thrill and exhilaration of freefall and hopefully make this an
experience to remember.
Please read this document carefully make sure you agree to the terms & conditions before booking your skydive
General-Bookings are made on the understanding that
any skydive will only take place in accordance with the safety
guidelines imposed by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) and the British
Skydiving (BS).
Your contract is with Skydive Centre Limited who operate the Parachute Training Organisation London Parachute School. We accept the booking subject to you agreeing to the
conditions set out in the terms & conditions. Please read the
booking conditions carefully which explain your respective rights and
obligations. When you make a booking you are confirming you have the
authority and accept the terms & conditions. By agreeing to these
terms & conditions you consent to the use of your information by us
in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
A booking and binding contract is made with us when a) you complete
the booking online or by phone and pay a deposit and b) we issue you
with a ‘Booking confirmation’ with ‘Detailed instructions’ including BS medical & declaration forms for your skydive. These
booking conditions form the entire agreement between us. Only a Director
of Skydive Centre Ltd has the authority to vary or omit any of these terms
and or promise any discount or refund. Any offer shown via our website
or a 3rd party voucher supersedes details published in any Charity
brochure.
Skydive Centre Ltd will make every effort to comply with the preferred
dates for booking. In circumstances where we reasonably decide that you
cannot participate in the skydiving challenge for medical or safety
related reasons we reserve the right to decline an individual on these
grounds including failure to arrive on time for your prior confirmed
skydive . Please note that any admin or deposit fees are non-refundable
in all cases. Skydive Centre Ltd will make every effort to comply with the
preferred dates for booking. If the dates are unavailable, Skydive Centre Ltd will contact you prior to your attendance to arrange an
alternative. An individual making a group booking on behalf of other
participants acknowledges and accepts these terms & conditions on
behalf of the participants. You will receive a separate booking
confirmation email or you may request a booking confirmation date in
writing by post from Skydive Centre Ltd.
Our Data Policy specific page may be found Here -
Our Privacy Policy specific page may be found Here -
Cancellations Rebooking & Additional Fees Payable-
Changing a date– Any changes to your chosen dates
should be notified to us within 14 days an administration charge of £30
per person is payable and any changes to the refund policy is at the
discretion of Skydive Centre Ltd Directors only.
Failure to Arrive– If you fail to arrive on the time
and date stated for your course, you will not be entitled to a refund
of any fees or deposits paid. Fees or Deposits paid are not
transferrable. You will remain liable for any final balance of payment
if you fail to arrive. A new deposit maybe required should you choose to
re-arrange.
Disclosure & Documentation– On the day of the
course, if you do not conform to the age, weight and health requirements
of the CAA and the BS, or you do not have the correct paperwork
required for skydiving you will not be permitted to take part in any
skydive. Documentation – Our online forms must be completed
prior to your attendance on the day. Failure to have completed forms
will incur an extra admin fee of £25 on the day. You may not be able to
skydive unless you have the appropriate signatory requirements. You
will not be entitled to a refund of any fees or deposits paid.
Weather Conditions– If inclement weather or
technical problems with the aircraft or instructors prevents skydiving
on the day booked, you will be able to rebook a mutually convenient date
free of charge. Refunds will not be made under these circumstances. Should the weather be unsuitable for jumping on the day it is your
responsibility to return to the parachute centre on another occasion(s)
if necessary, to complete your jump. You must rebook within 90 days of
each unsuccessful attempt.
I acknowledge and accept that if I am unable to complete my jump for
operational reasons other than the weather (such as, but not limited to,
mechanical issues with the aircraft, airfield closure, etc., but
excluding my fitness, willingness to jump, non-attendance or failure to
comply with these conditions) SDC will grant me an extension to The
Validity Period of My Ticket equivalent to the same length of time for
which the disruption occurs but with a minimum extension period of two
calendar months. If however SDC has still been unable to resolve the
disruption after 12 months from the date it originally occurred I will
be entitled to a full refund of all the monies paid to SDC for my jump.
Duration on the day– Due to irregularities in
weather, aircraft limitations and numbers of participants on the day of
the course, you may need to be at the drop zone for the entire day,
irrespective of your arrival time.
Group Bookings- You accept responsibility for these
terms on behalf of all participating members of the group including
payment of deposit. If a group booking has been made and some of the
group fails to turn up, the non-group prices will be charged.
Redeeming Vouchers-Any vouchers purchased are
non-refundable, and are not valid beyond the expiry date. To transfer
the voucher to another person there is an administration charge of £30.
To extend a booking or a voucher for 6 months there is an administration
charge of £60 per person. All standard Skydive Centre Ltd terms and
conditions apply to bookings made to redeem vouchers or via other
agencies. Once a date has been booked to redeem a voucher, if the
participant does not turn up the voucher will be deemed used.
For ‘Our solo learn to skydive AFF courses– It may
be necessary for the jump to take place at a later date following the
ground training you will be able to rebook a mutually convenient date
free of charge. Refunds will not be made under these circumstances.
Non Refundable Deposit – In all cases you agree to
pay a minimum upfront £50 dependant on the training type selected (or such greater sum as you choose to pay) Non-Refundable deposit per person or such greater payment as you choose to make. The payment method
and details are taken securely at the time of booking. The remaining
balance of your skydive is due/owed prior to the day you arrive at the
parachute centre for your skydive, a surcharge of up to £25 per person may be levied for failure to complete your documentation online if available or to submit the balance of your payment online if attending at the Reading location.
Card Payment Charges- Final balance of payments are
due on prior to your arrival day, prior to your skydive taking place. Payment is
either by cash or card. Please note that we do not accept cheques and that we do not levy card processing fees.
Charity Skydiving & Fundraising – You can find a list of our affiliate charities at https://www.skydivinglondon.com/charity-skydive/skydive-for-charity.htm
Our affiliate charities qualify for a discounted skydiving rate which
can increase the donations received by the charity you may support a
charity of your own choice by contacting them direct and confirming they
will accept your skydiving challenge including donations received and
which suitable campaign method should be used for fundraising.
You can choose to fundraise in different ways:
Self-funding method – You are responsible for
the cost of the skydive in its entirety including the non-refundable
£50 deposit and the final balance on the day of arrival you should then
ensure your chosen charity receives all of the funds you raise via a
suitable agreed method of donation.
Fundraising whilst skydiving for free or at minimal cost -You are responsible for paying the £50 Non-refundable deposit
personally on the date of booking. Simply, raise the minimum sponsorship
amount recommended by your chosen charity and aim to exceed this
target. Partial sponsorship raised goes towards the cost of your skydive
whilst any additional and exceeded sponsorship monies should be given
to your chosen charity also via a suitable agreed method of donation for
example online giving sites. Depending on the charity you choose you
may be able to cover the entire cost of the skydive in full; regardless a
minimum £50 Non-refundable deposit contribution is always payable at
outset by each individual participant. You should contact the event
organiser or charity direct for additional information regarding
skydiving for ‘Free’ or at minimal cost if it is not shown on the events
pages on our website or the charity information pack.
Important* – Confirmation and
evidence of the minimum sponsorship amounts raised are required on the
day of arrival from a smart device or paper print equivalent from your
online ‘giving’ site or any other suitable approved charity method. Skydive Centre Ltd is in no way responsible or liable for the collection of
charity sponsorship or the receipt of donations.  When fundraising you
must make it clear how much you are raising and how much of the
sponsorship will contribute towards your costs. You must not start to
collect sponsorship until you have received written confirmation of your
booking from us. This will be your “Booking confirmation” and “Detailed
Instructions” email: Skydive Centre Ltd will be informed prior to the date of your skydive if your chosen charity will allow an invoice to be raised top cover the costs of your skydive - their decision is full and final in all respects, you will be responsible for the remaining payments if this permission has not been received.
If you are making your jump on behalf of a charitable organisation then you are required to allow them to be provided with your contact details, should you remove the access to your contact details in your selections, when found this will be overidden under the GDPR requirement of 'Legitimate Business Interest' for your chosen charitable organisation to prevent fraud.
Participation Requirement’s
Forms must be completed online prior or on the day with relevant additional signatories where relevant:
Over the Age of 16 and under the age of 18 on the day – A
Student Declaration is required with parental/guardian consent – This
form must be completed prior to your training and jump, the form must be signed by your Parent/Guardian.
Make sure you wear comfortable clothing and lace up trainers, failure to
wear the correct clothing maybe result in you being unable to jump.
From 8th April 2016 over 40’s do not need to get a medical
form signed by a doctor to take part in a Tandem skydive. The new form
can be downloaded here
- A Student Declaration is required you can self-declare- your doctor does not need to sign the form, providing you do not have any of the conditions
which are listed on the back of the British Skydiving form
which will be issued to you on confirmation of booking. You need both
pages of this form with you when you book these will be issued to you on
confirmation of booking with specific instructions.
Disabilities – Our Challenges are open to
participants of all backgrounds and we will do our best to cater for any
special requirements you may have. If you have any medical problem or
disability which may affect your involvement in the challenge you must
provide us with full details at booking by email or telephone (such
information will be dealt with in a confidential manner). Before we
confirm your booking we will advise as to the suitability of the
skydiving event. In circumstances where we reasonably decide that you
should not participate in the skydiving challenge for medical or safety
related reasons we reserve the right to decline the booking.
Height & Weight Restrictions – Our weight limit
for parachuting is 15 stones for Males and 15 stones for females.
There is no height limit for Skydiving; however your weight should be in
proportion to your height. Anyone wanting to a tandem skydive will be assessed by the CI ( Chief
Instructor) and/or instructor on the day of the jump, it is their
responsibility to make the final decision to allow or refuse to go ahead
with the jump.
Video Photography and Media
– You
may request the skydive to be filmed for an additional cost using a
contractor hired by Skydive Centre Ltd. You agree that any stills
or video recordings taken prior to, during, or after the event, which
may include your personal image, may be used in media context connected
with the event, Skydive Centre Limited will retain all rights, title
and interest in such digital imagery video or still made by us including
but not limited to any royalties, proceeds, or other benefits derived
from such material. In the unlikely event of a video and/or stills pictures failure, a
refund will be issued for the payments thereof, however no refund or
re-jump will be issued for the tandem skydive.
Accuracy of information – We always
endeavour to ensure any information on prices both on our website and
in our brochures is up to date and accurate; however, the information
and prices shown sometimes do change from time to time. We make every
effort to ensure the accuracy of the website however regrettably errors
do occasionally occur and we reserve the right to correct prices and
other details in these circumstances. You must therefore ensure you
check the price and all other details at the time of booking and on
receipt of your booking confirmation and detailed instructions.
Fraud and Financial Crime- Charities and supporters
can be victims of fraud or financial crime. Therefore Skydive Centre Ltd
takes reasonable steps to prevent fraudulent activity. Any concerns that
an appeal or activity may be fraudulent should be reported to the
charity direct or the police. The participant is responsible for
ensuring all sponsorship monies are collected and donations are received
by the allocated charity, All sponsorship money should be sent directly
to the Charity or through a reputable online ‘giving’ site which has
been approved by your chosen charity. Any refunds made to sponsors due
to event cancellation should be dealt with efficiently and transparently
by contacting the charity involved and arranging a suitable method of
reimbursement if required to do so.
Safety – This is a question that many people ask
themselves before deciding whether to enrol on a beginners’ parachute
course British Skydiving (BS) – the sport’s National
Governing Body – has built up an extensive database, which can help to
answer some of these questions. There is no such thing as a totally safe
parachute jump. The risk may be fairly low for some types of jump but
there is always some risk. As with any action sport, sport parachuting
can never be entirely risk-free. All those who choose to participate in
the sport therefore voluntarily accept an element of risk. Here, our
purpose is to provide data to quantify the risk and help you to make an
informed choice. https://britishskydiving.org/how-safe/
Insurance – Included in the price of your skydive is
temporary membership to the BS, which covers you for third party
Liability only up to £5,000,000. This does not, cover you for
personal injury and you are therefore strongly advised to arrange
personal cover for yourself. You can visit the BS website for more
information here https://britishskydiving.org/insurance-travel/
Please contact us prior to booking should you have any questions relating to our terms and conditions or Privacy Statement
Email: office@skydivecentre.com                             Tel: 0207 096 3745
Downloads
Tandem student fitness decleration form 115A
Tandem student fitness decleration form 115b
solo student fitness decleration form 114A
solo fitness decleration form 114
aged 16-18 Membership form 106
Skydiving London
About skydive centre
Skydive Centre Ltd registered in England & Wales 9581633 please see contact page for more detail
The Weather
Useful Links
Fitness Declarations
Contact Us
Directions
Journey Planner
Copyright 2016. Skydive Centre Ltd
0800 009 3015
office@skydivecentre.com