https://www.polymernotes.org/terms-and-conditions
Home
Terms and Conditions of Sale
About Our Store
Company name: PBN LtdPostal address: PBN Ltd, Spodnji Brnik 121, 4207 Cerklje, Slovenia (EU)Web: www.polymernotes.org/storeE-mail: orders@polymernotes.orgPhone: +386 4136 7086 (please observe Central European Time office hours)Sales Manager: Ms. Katja Šajn (sajn@polymernotes.org)Company registration number: 3282538Company VAT number: SI-15400247
Frequently Asked Questions
Do you ship to every country in the world?
Yes.
How much do you charge for postage?
€5.00 for registered airmail or €25.00 for FedEx (outside of USA), regardless of the number of banknotes ordered. FedEx to USA addresses is 12€. Each catalog ordered (if any) adds €5.00 to the registered airmail charge.
Are your banknotes genuine and uncirculated?
Yes.
I have a special question regarding my order.
Email us at orders@polymernotes.org.
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Banknotes for sale can be viewed online at www.polymernotes.org/storeAll notes are uncirculated (UNC) unless otherwise stated. We use the International Bank Note Society (IBNS) grading standards. Banknotes graded by third-party grading companies are identified as such.All prices are in Euro (EUR) and include all taxes.Prices are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right to amend orders, including product prices, in cases of clerical errors or when an item is out of stock.Polymer banknotes in our price list use the Straus numbering system. For other banknotes, we use the Banknote Book numbering system (TBB) or the Pick numbering system (Standard Catalog of World Paper Money).Customs charges and and taxes of the country of destination are the responsibility of the buyer. Please note that all orders will be mailed from the EU.
If some of the banknotes from your order are not available, you will have the option (i) to make alternative choices, (ii) to wait until the banknotes become available, or (iii) to accept a full or partial refund.Bulk orders, special requests and want lists are actively serviced.Unless explicitly mentioned in the banknote description, you will receive a random serial number banknote of our choice. If the serial number (or the prefix, such as the first prefix) is stated in the banknote description, then you will receive that particular number (or prefix). You may, however, let us know your preference in terms of serial numbers, and we will try to accommodate your request.Terms and conditions of sale are subject to change without notice.
OUR QUALITY POLICY
We assure you of the following:You are dealing with currency professionals who know the hobby:Over two decades of work in the hobby and over a decade of delivering an unprecedented wealth of information about polymer notes, these are the people behind www.polymernotes.org/store!Your order will be processed quickly and without delay:We will ship your banknotes within 3 business days (normally within 1 business day) of the receipt of your payment.Your notes will be delivered as advertised and appropriately packed:We know that you want only the best for your collection and that receiving wrong banknotes or banknotes in poor condition is no good for anyone and creates an unnecessary workload for you and us. We deliver what we promise and we pack your shipment appropriately to avoid damage during transportation.We offer a return privilege:If for any reason you are not satisfied with the notes that you receive, please notify us within 7 days of the receipt of the notes, send the notes back to us and we will refund your money (minus postage costs and any bank charges incurred), no questions asked. In case of our error (identification, grading, etc.), tell us and we will pay the postage costs and any bank charges incurred as well.
OUR REFERENCES
This is why you should feel confident when buying from us:We are the world's leading reference for polymer banknotes.Stane Štraus (the company owner) is a life member of the American Numismatic Association (ANA) and a life member of the International Bank Note Society (IBNS).PBN Ltd is an authorized dealer of Paper Money Guaranty (PMG) and PCGS Currency.PBN Ltd is a registered business seller on eBay.PBN Ltd is a verified business at PayPal.Stane Štraus is a co-author of "Polymer Bank Notes of the World," the leading printed reference for polymer banknotes.
PAYMENTS
Payment can be made in the following ways:PayPal
Our PayPal account is sales@polymernotes.org.Bank transfers
Bank transfer to our account for orders above €300.00 (please ask for our account details).Should you wish to pay us by bank (wire/telegraphic) transfer, please let us know and we will send you our bank account (IBAN) details. When paying by bank transfer, please make sure that you instruct your bank to pay for all bank charges at both ends so that we receive the total amount of your order.Cash paymentWe accept cash payments by mail. Cash payments are accepted in all major currencies. Please confirm your order with us before sending cash payments. Cash payments are always sent at your risk and we assume no responsibility for the eventual loss of the shipment. It should be noted, however, that the postal system in the European Union, where our company is located, is extremely reliable.Special provisions about payments:Dispatch of your orderYour order will be dispatched when full payment is received.Insufficient paymentsShould the amount received by us be less than the amount of your order, you will be asked (i) to make an additional payment, (ii) to modify/reduce your order, or (iii) to accept a refund (less banking charges and any other charges incurred by us).Payments in currencies other than EURPayments in currencies other than EUR are accepted and are subject to our advance confirmation.
POSTAGE AND INSURANCE FEES
Postage and insurance fees are as follows:€5.00 registered priority postage to anywhere in the worldRegistered (tracking number available) priority (airmail) shipment. This postage charge covers your entire order of banknotes, regardless of the number of banknotes ordered.€25.00 FedEx shipping to anywhere in the world.We will need to know your full address (no P.O. Box) and phone number for FedEx shipping. This courier charge covers your entire order of banknotes, regardless of the number of banknotes ordered.UPS or DHL shipping can be arranged on request and the price is subject to confirmation.Insurance can be arranged on requestInsurance is charged at 2% of the total value of your order and is available to the following countries: EU-27, Andorra, Australia, Canada, Iceland, Japan, Liechtenstein, Monaco, New Zealand, Norway, San Marino, Singapore, South Korea, Switzerland, USA and the Vatican. Insurance to all other countries is charged at 4% of the total value of your order, even though the insurance might not be available to all countries — you are advised to check with us prior to making your order.
SALES THROUGH EBAY
We sell banknotes through eBay under the UserID polymernotes*org. These terms and conditions of sale are also valid for our sales through eBay with the following amendments:
CurrencyUnited States Dollar (USD) is used instead of Euro. We encourage payments by PayPal in USD.
Postage chargesRegistered airmail postage is charged at $7.00. These postage charges cover your entire order of banknotes, regardless of the number of banknotes ordered. Multiple lots (auctions) within a 10-day period can be combined under one postage charge.
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective date: October 24, 2018
PBN Ltd ("us", "we", or "our") operates the www.polymernotes.org website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
PERSONAL DATA
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
USAGE DATA
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
TRACKING & COOKIES DATA
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
USE OF DATA
PBN Ltd uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
TRANSFER OF DATA
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Slovenia and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Slovenia and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
PBN Ltd will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
DISCLOSURE OF DATA
Legal Requirements
PBN Ltd may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of PBN Ltd
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
SECURITY OF DATA
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your children have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: sales@polymernotes.org