http://www.slcc.edu/policies/privacy.aspx
Skip to main content
Contact SLCC
Contact SLCC
801-957-4111 -
SLCC Directory
801-957-4073 -
General Info & Enrollment Help
801-957-5555 -
MySLCC Help
801-957-4636 -
Weather/Snow Information
Help.Desk@slcc.edu -
Tech Support
international.affairs@slcc.edu -
International Students
Campus Locations and Hours
Apply Now
Apply Now
Starting at SLCC is easy. Just fill out the online application, and you're on your way.
Yes! I want to Apply Now
Aplique Ahora
Aplique Ahora
Es fácil comenzar en SLCC. Sólo tienes que completar la aplicación en línea.
¡SI! QUIERO REGISTRARME AHORA
Give Now
Give Now
Quick Links
SLCC
SLCC Policies and Procedures
Privacy
SLCC Policies and Procedures
Menu
Policies
Policy & Procedure News
*UPDATED 10.30.20*
Policy Tracker
Policy Comments and Responses
Contact Us
Personnel Definitions
Administrative Rules
Privacy and Computer Usage Statement
The Salt Lake Community College (SLCC) website is an information system intended to present an integrated view of the College to prospective students, alumnae, employees, and members of the Community. SLCC is committed to preserving and maintaining the privacy of visitors to SLCC websites.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Personal information collected on our website is not disclosed nor sold to third parties.
Statistical Logs Kept
The College uses reporting programs to collect data about visitor traffic to our site. We do not attempt to personally identify visitors. Instead we collect data to analyze in aggregate to determine trends and improve our sites.
Cookies
Some College sites require the use of cookies (bits of data passed by your browser to our site). The MySLCC portal uses cookies (active only during your session) to remember password and menu settings. We recommend using the default cookie settings in your browser (not disabling), while interacting with our site(s).
Security Programs Running
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, to assist in maintaining data security, and to assist in correctly using the information we collect online. We do not intentionally release personal information gleaned from these programs to others, except as required by law.