http://www.mickaboo.org/privacy-policy
You are hereHome » About Us » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookies statement:
Like most websites we use cookies. This is to ensure that we give you the best experience possible.
Continuing to use www.mickaboo.org means you agree to our use of cookies. If you would like to, you can learn more about the cookies we use.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent by a website to your web browser, where it becomes stored for later retrieval; usually it is a text file which is placed in the browser directory of your computer's hard drive.
The cookie cannot be read by any website other than the one that set up the cookie.
Most web browsers will accept cookies by default, but they can be set to reject cookies, either from all websites or from specific sites. You can also manually delete cookies from your web browser. These options are generally set through a "privacy" setting in your browser setup.
You can learn more about cookies by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to control cookies on a wide variety of browsers.
How we use cookies on our website
We use cookies to recognize users after they have visited our website.
Cookies for measuring use of our websites
Mickaboo uses a software called Google Analytics to understand how visitors use our website. You can read more Cookies & Google Analytics on their site.
Name
Originator
Purpose
Content
Expires
__utma
Google Analytics
This cookie keeps track of the number of times a visitor has been to the website, when their first visit was, and when their last visit occurred.
randomly generated number
2 years (with each new visit, the expiration date is refreshed.)
__utmb
The B and C cookies are brothers; working together to calculate how long a visit takes. __utmb takes a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor enters a site, while  __utmc takes a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor leaves a site
After 30 minutes
__utmc
when user exits browser
__utmz
__utmz keeps track of where the visitor came from, what search engine you used, what link you clicked on, what keyword you used, and where they were in the world when you accessed a website.
6 months
Cookies set by a third party
Mickaboo uses embedded photos and video content from YouTube. As a result, when you visit a page with content embedded from third party, you may be presented with cookies from that website.
Mickaboo does not control the dissemination of these cookies; please visit www.aboutcookies.org to read more about cookies and how to manage them.
Name
Originator
Purpose
Content
Expires
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
YouTube.com
When we provide links to third party services you find useful, they may place a cookie on your device to make their service easier to use.
Read more on YouTube's privacy policy www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/
(Google owns YouTube)
randomly generated number
8 months
use_hitbox
When user exits browser
PREF
This cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences when viewing pages containing video content.
Read more on YouTube's privacy policy  www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/
(Google owns YouTube)
10 years
Search form
Search
About Us
Contact Us
Mickaboo's Leaders
Newsletters
Blogs
News and Humor
Privacy Policy
COVID-19 Statement