http://www.wilsoncreekwinery.com/policies
Winery
Event Calendar
Restaurant
Wine Club
Shop
Weddings
Private Events
Accommodations
Product Locator
Blog
Custom Wine Labels
Policies						Wilson Creek Winery Customer Service
Your satisfaction is always our number one priority and we are committed to provide exceptional customer service. If you have any additional questions, comments or concerns, please contact us at:
Customer Service: info@wilsoncreekwinery.com
Phone: (951) 699-9463
FAX: (951) 695-9463
Mail: 35960 Rancho California Road, Temecula, CA 92951
Our normal business hours are: 10:00 am to 5:00 pm (Pacific) Daily
Guarantee
We measure success by the satisfaction of our customers. We want to bring you the best products at the fairest price, backed by the best service possible.
Return Policy
Your satisfaction is our top priority and we stand behind the quality of our products and services. If for any reason you are dissatisfied with a purchase, please do not hesitate to contact our Customer Service team within 30 days of receipt of the order. Custom labeled products are not accepted for returns and no refunds will be issued.
We are committed to delivering our products in excellent condition and in a timely manner. A tracking number will be emailed to you after your order has been processed.  For more information please contact us.
Shipping Policy
All wine shipments require an adult signature (over 21) at the time of delivery. Shipping & Handling charges are noted during the check-out process. (Please note if you received an incorrect discount or shipping discount, we reserve the right to correct the total before processing your order.) UPS shipping: UPS will attempt delivery three business days in a row, after three business days, UPS will auto hold at their facility for pickup by the recipient.  Only the recipient that is listed on the package may pick up with a valid photo ID.  After five days, the shipment will be returned to Wilson Creek Winery.  We strongly encourage you to provide us, whenever possible, with a commercial address for the delivery of your order.
Wilson Creek can ship non-wine products to all 50 United States, but wine shipping laws vary from state to state.  Click here for more information.
Privacy Policy
We are committed to provide quality products and excellent customer service. Part of achieving this goal involves working with information that helps us understand what customers want when they visit our site.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies when you visit our website, mobile sites, or mobile applications; when you make a purchase from us; subscribe to any of our mailing lists, newsletters, or wine-club programs; sign up for our events; register for our promotions; and when you engage with one of our brand pages on community websites including, but not limited to, Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, or Instagram.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to our employees, employment applicants, suppliers, distributors, or trade contacts except when they are acting in a “customer” capacity. Also, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any data that may be collected through non-Winery sites, materials or entities, even when we may include links or references to those third party sites. (Unless otherwise stated, the inclusion of a link on the sites does not imply endorsement of the linked site by us or by our affiliates.) Any information we collect when you enable or use a third party application is processed under this Privacy Policy. Information collected by the third party is governed by their privacy policies and we have no control over, and shall not be responsible for, the third party’s use of your personal information.
Information You Provide Us:
We may collect certain personally identifiable information (“personal information” or “personal data”) from you, such as:
Name, User Name, Mailing and/or Shipping Addresses, Telephone number (including home and mobile), Date of Birth, Email Addresses and Credit/Debit card numbers.
We collect this information so we can process and send you your order, and so we can contact you if we have a question about your order.  We ask for credit card information so we can fulfill your order, and so we can provide this information to the company or companies who process your credit card payment. When you make a purchase or join the Wine Club your credit card will be processed by Wilson Creek Winery. Please check your credit card statement to verify that the charges have been properly processed. We do not share any other information with third parties, except in the case of contact or order information needed to fulfill your order.
How We Use Email – After you place an order on our site, you will receive an email confirmation and, in most cases, an email with package tracking information.
We send our Newsletter, our email update on sales, products and wine information, to subscribers only. Unsubscribe instructions are included in each edition of the email. We do not sell or share email addresses with other companies. We do use email as a means of receiving feedback from our customers, and we encourage you to email us with your questions or comments. We read every email we receive.
Links To Other Sites – Occasionally we provide links to other sites we think you will enjoy. These sites operate independently of us and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.
About Information We Share With Others – We do not, under and circumstances, share or sell your information to anyone.
Information We Do Not Share With Others – We do not share, sell or trade email addresses, information collected as part of a survey, or specific details about you or your household.
We do not contribute to or participate in shared or cooperative databases, which give other companies access to your personal information. We do not release credit card or financial information for use by other companies.
For both privacy and security purposes, all transaction information communicated between customers and our Web site is transmitted in an encrypted format, and all credit card information is deleted from our servers immediately after card authorization. Rest assured, we use an Enterprise level firewall that uses subscription services with active threat management, content filtering, virus protection, and comprehensive gateway security to help keep all information safe.
Updates To Our Information Practices – We’re always looking for ways to improve our site’s features and services and to improve the way we communicate our information practices. As a result, this statement is updated from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. We will never change our policies with regard to releasing information to third parties without first notifying all customers and providing them with the opportunity to “opt-in” for correspondence from other companies.
By submitting information to us and/or using our website (the “Site”), you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Questions or Comments – Please Contact Us- For questions, comments or assistance with any privacy-related issues, we invite you to contact us via email info@wilsoncreekwinery.com or call: 951.699.9463. We’re always happy to help.
Concert and Event Ticket Policy
Refunds and Exchanges
Once Sale is completed, no refunds and exchanges will be made except pursuant to event postponement, cancellation, or at Wilson Creeks Winery’s discretion. Lost ticket/s will not be replaced or refunded.
Rain or Shine
All events are considered RAIN or SHINE. No refunds will be given due to inclement weather.
Canceled and Postponed Events
Occasionally, events are canceled or postponed by Wilson Creek Winery, entertainer or band. Should this occur, we will attempt to contact you to inform you of refund or exchange procedures for that specific event.
Winemaking
Media
Blog
Careers
Contact Us
Hours & Directions
Sitemap
Policies
Wilson Creek on Facebook
Wilson Creek on Twitter
Wilson Creek on Instagram
Wilson Creek on Pinterest
Wilson Creek on Yelp
Wilson Creek on LinkedIn
Wilson Creek on YoutTube
Open 7 Days a Week
35960 Rancho California Road
Temecula, CA 92591
(951) 699-9463
© Copyright 2020, Wilson Creek Winery & Vineyards. All rights reserved. Site by Xüdle