http://www.icore.org/privacy_policy.phtml
ICORE Privacy Policy
About Us
About ICORE
Board of Directors
Bylaws
Policies & Procedures
Privacy Policy
Dave BellisMemorial Award
Events
2020 Championship Schedule
2019 Championship Schedule
Match Archives
Classifications
Classification Status
Submit Classifier Scores
Membership
Join / Renew
Membership Status
Clubs
Club Listing
Start a Club
Tools & Info
Classifier Stages
Logos & Artwork
RO List - Australia
RO List - Canada
RO List - USA
Rule Book
Rule Change Forms
Target Dimensions
Target Scoring
Typical Stages
Links
Contact
ICORE on Facebook
ICORE on Twitter
This is the web site of ICORE
Our postal address is:
P.O. Box 500085
Malabar, FL 32950
We can be reached via e-mail at privacy@icore.org
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
We collect no information on those who browse our Web pages.
With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information pertaining to ICORE.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request, we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses, The DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at ethics@thedma.org, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
Home
Copyright 1998 ICORE | All rights reserved | Privacy
PolicySend any questions or comments regarding this site to webmaster
This page was last modified on 06 December 2019