https://www.softpaws.com/privacy-policy/
Categories
SOFT PAWS® CATS
SOFT PAWS® DOGS
Accessories/Toys
Accessories
Brushes
Dog Holiday Items
Cat Holiday Items
Cat Toys
Cat Collars
Dog Toys
Dog Collars
PHOTO GALLERY
Testimonials
TESTIMONIALS - CATS
TESTIMONIALS - DOGS
Other Categories
All Muffin Blankets
Valentine's Day Toys
Cat Cave Easter Baskets
Cat Caves
Extra Applicator Tips / Glue / Nail Clippers
Fountains
Halloween Cat Toys
Halloween Dog Toys
Interactive Cat Toys
Litter Mat Mates
Muffin Pillow Discount
Music My Pet CDs
Stocking Stuffers for Cats
Special-Sale-Products
Stocking Stuffers for Dogs
Tiger Dreamz Products
West Paw Floating Toys
Brushes / Grooming
Litter-Box Tools & Mats
Training Aids
Beds & Fountains
Miscellaneous
Order Now
Brands
SoftPawsRatherbeeVee EnterprisesYeowww!Super Happy PetsWest PawZanies
View all brands
Additional Information
Home
7 Ways Pets Make Humans Happier
Are Laser Toys OK for Cats and Dogs?
Aspirin Poisoning in Cats
Autumn Safety Tips for Dogs
Canine Leptospirosis
Cat Home Grooming Tips
Cats and Christmas Trees: How to End the Love Affair
Causes, Signs, and Treatment of Stress in Cats
Clicker Training for Dogs
Common Household Poisonings in Pets
Cookies Policy
Dental Health Care for Pets
Destressing Vet Visits for Your Cat
Does My Cat Need a Grooming Appointment?
Does Your Cat Have Separation Anxiety?
Dog Bite Prevention Techniques
Dog Training 101: General Tips for Successful Dog Training
Free Shipping on Orders over $49!
General Anesthesia and Your Pet
Green Pet Care
Hairballs: What Are They and Why Do Cats Get Them?
Heartworm in Dogs: What You Need to Know
Help for Dogs That Drag Their Nails
How Much Should My Cat Sleep?
How Soft Paws® Can Help Ease Introductions
How Soft Paws® Can Help Protect Kids
How to Behave at the Dog Park
How to Clean a Litter Box
How to Exercise a Cat
How to Give Your Pet a Pill
How to Keep Your Cat Off the Counter
How to Play with Your Cat: Interactive Is Best
How to Spruce up Old Cat Toys
Hyperthyroidism in Cats: How to Recognize and Treat It
Is My Dog Bored?
Is My Dog Sick?
Leash Walking Your Dog: Basic Tips and Benefits
Microchipping: What Is It and Why Should You Do It?
New York Becomes First State to Ban Declawing
People Who Are Allergic to Cats: How to Deal with Cat Allergies
Privacy Policy
Should Dogs Play Tug-of-War?
Sign Up for the FREE SoftPaws Newsletter
Sign Up for the FREE SoftPaws Newsletter - Action Needed
Soft Paws® Can Help a Cat Adjust to a New Cat in the Home
Soft Paws® Can Help Dogs with Painful Ear Infections
Soft Paws® Can Help Protect Door Frames and Walls from Cat Scratches
Soft Paws® Can Help Protect People on Blood Thinners and Others from Pet Scratches
Soft Paws® Can Help with Dogs That Jump
Soft Paws® May Help People with Diabetes Keep Their Pets
Summer Water Safety Tips for Dogs
Summertime Dog Safety
Terms and Conditions
The Benefits of Adopting an Adult Dog
The Meanings of 6 Strange Dog Behaviors
Tips for Giving a Cat a Bath
Tips for Mixing House Guests and Canine Family Members at Thanksgiving
Tips for Using Soft Paws Adhesive
Ways to Make Your Indoor Cat Super Happy
What Is Feliway and How Does It Work?
Why Do Cats Knock Things Off Shelves?
Why Do My Cat's Claws Shed?
Why Does My Cat Play in the Food and Water Bowls?
Why Does My Cat Rub His Face on Things?
4 Common Cat Training Mistakes
About Soft Paws
About Soft Paws for Cats
About Soft Paws for Dogs
Application Instructions
Application Instructions for Cats
Application Instructions for Dogs
Articles
Cat Scratching, Declawing, and Rentals: How to Talk with Your Landlord About Declawing
Don't Ignore These Signs of Illness in Your Kitten!
Facts About Cat Claws That Relate to the Use of Soft Paws
Fascinating Facts About Cat Claws
Halloween Safety Tips for Your Cat
Halloween Safety Tips for Your Dog
How Can I Keep Soft Paws® on My Pet?
How to Towel Wrap Your Cat
How to Trim Your Dog's Nails
Increase Your Bond with Your Cat with Soft Paws®
Kitty Cat April/May Color Combos
Kitty Cat August/September Color Combos
Kitty Cat December/January Color Combos
Kitty Cat February/March Combos
Kitty Cat January/February Color Combos
Kitty Cat July/August Color Combos
Kitty Cat June/July Color Combos
Kitty Cat March/April Color Combos
Kitty Cat May/June Color Combos
Kitty Cat November/December Color Combos
Kitty Cat October/November Color Combos
Kitty Cat September/October Color Combos
Pets Other Than Dogs and Cats That Can Wear Soft Paws®
Puppy Dog April/May Color Combos
Puppy Dog August/September Color Combos
Puppy Dog December/January Color Combos
Puppy Dog February/March Combos
Puppy Dog January/February Color Combos
Puppy Dog July/August Color Combos
Puppy Dog June/July Color Combos
Puppy Dog March/April Color Combos
Puppy Dog May/June Color Combos
Puppy Dog November/December Color Combos
Puppy Dog October/November Color Combos
Puppy Dog September/October Color Combos
Questions & Answers: Soft Paws for Cats
Questions & Answers: Soft Paws for Dogs
Questions/Answers
Size Guidelines for Cats
Size Guidelines for Dogs
Soft Paws Application Video
Soft Paws® Myths: Busted
Soft Paws®: The Quick and Cheap Declawing Alternative
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Testimonials cats Page 10
Testimonials cats Page 11
Testimonials cats Page 12
Testimonials cats Page 13
Testimonials cats Page 14
Testimonials cats Page 15
Testimonials cats Page 16
Testimonials cats Page 17
Testimonials cats Page 18
Testimonials cats Page 2
Testimonials cats Page 3
Testimonials cats Page 4
Testimonials cats Page 5
Testimonials cats Page 6
Testimonials cats Page 7
Testimonials cats Page 8
Testimonials cats Page 9
Testimonials Dogs Page 2
Testimonials Dogs Page 3
Testimonials Dogs Page 4
Testimonials Dogs Page 5
Testimonials Dogs Page 6
Testimonials Dogs Page 7
Testimonials Dogs Page 8
Thank you for your subscription
Trimming Your Cat's Claws
Things Landlords Should Know Before Requiring a Tenant to Declaw Their Cat
Use Soft Paws® for Life Transitions
Using Soft Paws® Can Increase Your Bond with Your Cat
Using Soft Paws® for Your Pet's Medical Problems
Using Soft Paws® on the Go
Veterinarians & Groomers
Ways Soft Paws® Can Help an Older Dog
What Size Cat & Dog
Why Do Cats Pee on Their Human's Bed?
About Us
Cat Gallery - Page 2
Cat Gallery - Page 3
Cat Gallery - Page 4
Cat Gallery - Page 5
Cat Gallery - Page 6
Contact Us
Dog Gallery - Page 2
Dog Gallery - Page 3
Help
Testimonials Page 2
Testimonials Page 3
Testimonials Page 4
Testimonials Page 5
Testimonials Page 6
Testimonials Page 7
Testimonials Page 8
Testimonials Page 9
Blog
Shipping & Returns
RSS Syndication
Site Information
Loading... Please wait...
Original, Authentic Soft Paws®
Made in the USA.
Accept No Imitations!Free Shipping on orders over $49 (some restrictions apply)
Home
About
FAQs
Articles
Gift Certificates
Wish Lists
Sign in or Create an account
View Cart
Search
Categories
SOFT PAWS® CATS
SOFT PAWS® DOGS
Accessories/Toys
Accessories
Brushes
Dog Holiday Items
Cat Holiday Items
Cat Toys
Cat Collars
Dog Toys
Dog Collars
PHOTO GALLERY
Testimonials
TESTIMONIALS - CATS
TESTIMONIALS - DOGS
Other Categories
All Muffin Blankets
Valentine's Day Toys
Cat Cave Easter Baskets
Cat Caves
Extra Applicator Tips / Glue / Nail Clippers
Fountains
Halloween Cat Toys
Halloween Dog Toys
Interactive Cat Toys
Litter Mat Mates
Muffin Pillow Discount
Music My Pet CDs
Stocking Stuffers for Cats
Special-Sale-Products
Stocking Stuffers for Dogs
Tiger Dreamz Products
West Paw Floating Toys
Brushes / Grooming
Litter-Box Tools & Mats
Training Aids
Beds & Fountains
Miscellaneous
Order Now
HomePrivacy Policy
ORDER SOFT PAWS® CATS
ORDER SOFT PAWS® DOGS
Accessories
What Size?
Application Instructions
Questions/Answers
About Soft Paws
Articles
Testimonials
Photo Gallery
Cat Toys
Cat Collars
Dog Toys
Dog Collars
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective date: October 19, 2018
Aquanta LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the www.softpaws.com website (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from www.softpaws.com
Definitions
Service
Service is the www.softpaws.com website operated by Aquanta LLC
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Data
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so ("Location Data"). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customise our Service.
You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time by way of your device settings.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Aquanta LLC uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Aquanta LLC legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Aquanta LLC may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Aquanta LLC will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Aquanta LLC will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Aquanta LLC will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Business Transaction
If Aquanta LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Aquanta LLC may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Aquanta LLC may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Aquanta LLC
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Aquanta LLC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Aquanta LLC relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Behavioral Remarketing
Aquanta LLC uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google Ads (AdWords)
Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Twitter
Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc.
You can opt-out from Twitter's interest-based ads by following their instructions: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405
You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page: https://twitter.com/privacy
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Pinterest
Pinterest remarketing service is provided by Pinterest Inc.
You can opt-out from Pinterest's interest-based ads by enabling the "Do Not Track" functionality of your web browser or by following Pinterest instructions: http://help.pinterest.com/en/articles/personalization-and-data
You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Pinterest by visiting their Privacy Policy page: https://about.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
PayPal / Braintree
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Authorize.net
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: legal@aquantallc.com
By visiting this page on our website: https://www.softpaws.com/contact-us/
By phone number: 800-989-2542
By mail: 39685 Sierra Dr, Three Rivers, CA 93271, United States
Disclaimer: This website is not intended to replace professional consultation, diagnosis, or treatment by a licensed veterinarian. If you require any veterinary related advice, contact your veterinarian promptly. Information at SoftPaws.com is exclusively of a general reference nature. Do not disregard veterinary advice or delay treatment as a result of accessing information at this site.
Sign up for the Soft Paws Newsletter:
Click Here
Company Information
About Us
Testimonials
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
My Account
Login/Register
Order Status
Affiliates
Become an Affiliate
Customer Service
Free Shipping Offer
Shipping & Returns
Contact Us
Help
FAQs
Products
Soft Paws® Cats
Soft Paws® Dogs
Supplies
Gallery
Cat Gallery
Dog Gallery
*Soft Paws ® is a trademark for Soft paws nail caps for cats and dogs of Soft Paws Inc., Lafayette, LA. Patent No. 4,962,731. Made in USA.All Rights Reserved Website © AQUANTA LLC 2020