http://www.deliciousbaby.com/privacy/
Toggle navigation
Blog
Products
City Guides
Travel Tips
About
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 30, 2008
This website allows people to share their knowledge and insight about local businesses, services, events, and travel with the broader community. To accomplish this, we gather information from and about users and share it with others, as described in more detail below.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the term "this website" refers to the various web pages located at the DeliciousBaby.com domain, and excludes any web pages that might be linked to the DeliciousBaby.com domain that are not owned and operated by Hiatus Industries. The term "user" refers to a user of, or visitor to, this website. The terms "we", "us", and "DeliciousBaby" refer to Hiatus Industry. The terms "you" and "your" refer to you, as a user. Your "friends" are those who you explicitly designate as friends by inviting them, or responding to their invitations, to share profile and review information.
By using this website, you permit the collection and use of your personal information as outlined below in our Privacy Policy. You should visit this page periodically to review any changes to the Privacy Policy.
I. Information We Collect
We collect information that you submit in the process of creating or editing your account and user profile on this website (your "Profile Information"), including your name, email address, and location information such as city, state and zip, and biographical information that you choose to provide. We also collect information in the form of the content that you submit in the course of your use of this website (your "Content"), such as photos, reviews, and ratings of businesses and service providers. Finally, we also collect other information relating to your activity on this website that you do not explicitly submit to us (your "Nonpersonal Information"), such as your actions on this website, your browser, IP address, requested URL, referring URL, and timestamp.
II. How We Use Your Information
We store information about you and your use of this website, including your Content, Profile Information, and Nonpersonal Information. In addition, we display your Content to other users of this website in order to share your knowledge and insights about local businesses, services, and events with the broader community. Your Profile Information (excluding your email address) may also be displayed in connection with your Content. Still, your friends may be able to see your full name and email address, and others may be able to associate your full name with your account and profile through the features on this website.
We may use and display your full name and email address when you send an email notification to a friend through this website (such as in an invitation, or when sharing your Content). We also use your email address
to respond to your questions or ask for further information related to your comments on this site.
We use Nonpersonal Information to help us diagnose problems with our server, administer this website, and otherwise provide the highest possible level of service to you. In addition, we use Nonpersonal Information to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, their advertising banners.
III. Transfer of Information
We may disclose information about you and your use of this website if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect our rights and property, or that of our affiliates or the public. We are not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that we receive.
Further, we may share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or suspected fraud, or to enforce or apply the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to transfer information about you and your use of this website in the event of a transfer of ownership of DeliciousBaby, such as an acquisition by or merger with another company. In such an event, DeliciousBaby will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
IV. Others' Information
You may choose to provide us with another person's email address so that person may be invited to create an account on this website and become your friend. We use this information to contact and, if necessary, remind that person about the invitation. All invitees are provided with the option not to receive further invitations. We may disclose such information if required to do so in order to comply with legal process, as described above.
V. Links
This website may contain links to third party websites to which we have no affiliation. Except as set forth herein, we do not share information about you and your use of this website with those third parties, and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We suggest you read the privacy policies on all such third party websites.
VI. Use of Cookies
This website requires cookies to function properly. Cookies are small text files that reside on a user's computer and identify you as a unique user. We use cookies to refine our website and simplify the user experience. For example, the use of cookies allows registered users to enter this website without explicitly typing in their email address and password every time. You should be aware that we cannot control the use of cookies by advertisers or any information advertisers may gather from their use of cookies. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you certain features available on this website.
VII. Controlling Your Personal Information
You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose information about yourself in the Content that you submit to this website (e.g., including your name or email address in a review that you post to this website), that information can be collected, correlated, and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from others. Such activities are beyond our control. Please do not post any personal information on this website that you expect to keep private.
As a registered DeliciousBaby user, you can modify your Profile Information at any time by accessing the "Account" section of this website. Also, upon your request, DeliciousBaby will use commercially reasonable efforts to close your account, and cease displaying your Profile Information and Content on this website; nevertheless, it may not be reasonably commercially possible to remove all of your information from this website, and we may retain some of your information in our backup files. Registered users who wish to close their account should contact admin AT DeliciousBaby DOT com.
VIII.
Ad Servers
To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.
For further information, consult the privacy policies of: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
IX. Security
Your DeliciousBaby account is password-protected. We use industry standard measures to protect your information that is stored within our database. We limit the access to your information to those employees who need access to perform their job function, such as our customer service personnel. If you have any questions about the security at our website, please contact us. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
You hereby acknowledge that DeliciousBaby is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the Internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner.
X. Children
This website is not directed to children, and DeliciousBaby does not knowingly solicit information from any child under the age of 13. Should a child whom we know to be under 13 send personal information to us, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child (or a parent or guardian) to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information.
XI. Terms and Modifications to this Privacy Statement
By using this website, you signify your agreement to the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, you should not use the site. DeliciousBaby may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If a material change is made to this Privacy Policy and/or the way we use our users' personally identifiable information, then we will post a prominent notice of the nature of such change on the first page of this Privacy Policy and also on our home page. You are responsible for reviewing this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes to it. Your continued use of the site indicates your assent to any changes to this Privacy Policy.
XII. Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the privacy practices of this website, or if you want to exercise any of the rights that you are given under this Privacy Policy, you can contact:
Hiatus Industries
debbie AT deliciousbaby DOT com
About MeI'm Debbie, mother of three delicious kids and I write about traveling with little kids. That's my daughter in the backpack and my son in Paris on Halloween.
More About Me
I’ve been featured at
Popular articles:
Ten Tips for Keeping a Toddler Busy on a Plane
Flying with Babies, Toddlers and Kids
Jet Lag Survival Guide for Parents
Money Saving Tips the Travel Industry Doesn't Want You to Know
Best Travel Toys
Airport Security with Kids
Unusual Hotels for Kids