http://www.perfectpaws.com/privacy.html
Puppy Training
Dog Behavior Training
Dog Training Problems
Pet Training Home
Web Site Privacy Statement
This privacy statement was created to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site:
Advertisers and Cookies
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit to our site and other sites on the Internet - also known as interest-based advertising. We do not have access to the information gathered. We are not responsible for nor do we endorse the content of these ads.
We also use other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These ads may contain cookies. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. In order to adhere to NAI principles, you may opt-out from such information collection and use, by visiting NAI's opt-out page at:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
We do not have access to the information gathered. We are not responsible for nor do we endorse the content of these ads.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Your Personal Information
We do not disclose your information to outside marketers or advertisers. We do use cookies in conjunction with our shopping cart and affiliate program in order to keep track of the items you wish to purchase. This information is kept strictly confidential. Our shopping cart system will remember your information for future purchases and this information is kept strictly confidential as well.
Disclaimer
By following or implementing any of the tips, advice, or recommendations on this website you agree to hold harmless Perfect Paws Publishing and perfectpaws.com, it's employees, agents or affiliates for any problems that may be created and/or damages incurred of any kind by following said advice. All of the tips, recommendations, and information on this website are intended for you to use at your own risk. We make no guarantee, either expressed or implied, as to the information or advice on this site.