http://www.lothianmotorcycletraining.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Lothian Motorcycle Training
Home
About
Testimonials
Our Bikes
Courses
Contact
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We comply with the principles of the General Data Protection Regulation and associated data protection legislation. We aim to maintain best-practice standards in our processing of personal and/or special category personal data (this is also referred to as sensitive personal data).
How we use your information
We use the information we receive from you, together with information we have obtained from our dealings with you (including in relation to goods and/or services we provide to you and/or your use of those goods and/or services), to provide goods and/or services that you request, to communicate with you, and to personalise information sent to you. Examples of how we may personalise information include using your information in providing motorcycle instruction to you.
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
We do not store all the information you provide to us, including information provided via forms you complete on our website. Our server, in common with nearly all web servers, logs each page that is downloaded from the site. If you contact us electronically we may collect your electronic identifier, e.g. Internet protocol (IP) address or phone number supplied by your service provider. We store a cookie on your device to allow us to monitor our user activity and that is managed by Google Analytics solely for the purpose of audience acquisition.
Any new information you provide us may be used to update an existing record we hold for you. If you provide a work email address we will not be responsible for third parties having access to any communications we send.
We ask for your home, mobile phone number, and email address to enable us to contact you in relation to an enquiry you have made, to contact you if there is a problem with your policy , notifying you about important functionality changes to the website,
or there is another genuine reason for doing so.
In the event of phone calls from you, we also reserve the right to ask security questions (which we in our sole discretion deem appropriate) in order to satisfy ourselves that you are who you say you are.
For further information; please contact us directly.