http://www.findacrew.net/en/terms
EN
EnglishEN
EN - English
IT - Italiano
Close
Find a Crew
Find a Boat
Contact
About
Pricing
Support
Close
Back
Refresh
Minimise
Full width Default width
Open in new tab
Close
findacrew.net uses non-intrusive cookies to improve your experience. You can visit our Cookies page for more information.
PrivacyPrivacy
TermsTerms
DisclaimerDisclaimer
CookiesCookies
Agreement between user and Find a Crew™
The Find a Crew™ network is comprised of various web pages operated by Find a Crew™, which is owned by Nautycal Pty Ltd, and herewith referred to as Find a Crew™. The Find a Crew™ network is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the Find a Crew™ network constitutes your agreement to all such terms and conditions.
No unlawful or prohibited use
As a condition of your use of the Find a Crew™ network, you warrant to Find a Crew™ that you will not use the Find a Crew™ network for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms and conditions. You may not use the Find a Crew™ network in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Find a Crew™ network or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Find a Crew™ network.
Use of communications services
The Find a Crew™ network may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication Services"), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service. •Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Find a Crew™ has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Find a Crew™ reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Find a Crew™ reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Find a Crew™ reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Find a Crew™'s sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or anyone else in any Communication Service. Find a Crew™ does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Find a Crew™ specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers, employees, contractors and hosts are not authorized Find a Crew™ spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Find a Crew™.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
Materials provided or posted on any Find a Crew™ site
Find a Crew™ does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to Find a Crew™ (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Find a Crew™ network or its associated services (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting Find a Crew™, its affiliated companies and necessary sub-licensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. Find a Crew™ is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Find a Crew™'s sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
Termination/access restriction
Find a Crew™ reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Find a Crew™ network and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Find a Crew™ as a result of this agreement or use of the Find a Crew™ network. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Find a Crew™ with respect to the Find a Crew™ network and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Find a Crew™ with respect to the Find a Crew™ network.
Trademarks
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Modification of these terms of use
Find a Crew™ reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Find a Crew™ network is offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the Find a Crew™ network.
Links to third party sites
The Find a Crew™ network may contain links to other websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Find a Crew™ and Find a Crew™ is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Find a Crew™ is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. Find a Crew™ is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Find a Crew™ of the site or any association with its operators.