http://www.jokes2go.com/policy.html
Today's Jokes  |  Archives  |  Lists  |  Random  |  Register  |  RandJoke on Your Page
Privacy Statement for Jokes2Go.com
Jokes2Go.com
has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for this Web site:
Jokes2Go.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
Third Party Advertising
We use Maxworldwide and other third-party advertising
companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use
information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone
number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide
advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that
may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this
practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by
these companies, please click here.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are
collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Some customer data is shared with the advertising companies.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address), unique identifiers (like their social security number), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to send promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites.
Jokes2Go.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
No personal information is disclosed to any of Jokes2Go.com's partners or affiliated sites.
Choice/Opt-Out
You can visit the following URL:
http://www.jokes2go.com/changeregstart.html
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
info@jokes2go.com
Generated by Privacy Wizard
For any questions or comments email us at info@jokes2go.com
Copyright© SpekGY, Inc, 1998-2016. All rights reserved.
About Jokes2Go
Privacy Policy
Change Registration/Unsubscribe
Forgot password?
Site Map
Contact us