http://www.stjulian.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Close
Search
Privacy Policy
Back to top
St. Julian Wine Co. Inc. is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains the following Privacy Policy to protect personal information you provide online. By using our site, you signify your agreement to our Privacy Policy described below. If you do not agree with our Privacy Policy, please do not use our site.
Our Collection and Use of Your Personal Information
We may collect and use information about you which we reasonably believe will help us administer our business or provide products, services or other opportunities to you. Among other things, we may use the information we learn about you to help us personalize and improve the experience you have with us, to respond to your requests and to communicate with you.
Site Information
In general, you can visit the St. Julian Wine Co. Inc. web site (the “Site") without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers may collect the domain names of visitors. This information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the Site, pages viewed, etc. St. Julian Wine Co. Inc. may utilize this information to measure the use of our Site and to improve the content we offer. We may share with third parties experiential information or other data which does not personally identify users of our Site.
Information You Provide To Us
You are not required to register in order to access our Site. However, if you send us an email, order wines from us, join our wine club, or contact us to receive information or products from us, we may collect profile information from you. You may provide, for instance, your first and last name, email address, your company name, title, address (i.e., street address, city, state, country and zip/postal code), phone number, fax number or product information or preferences (“Personal Information”). The Personal Information you provide is stored in a secure location and is accessible only by designated staff. By providing Personal Information to us, you explicitly agree to our collection and usage of such information as described in this Privacy Policy. We may use your Personal Information to respond to your inquiries, process an order, contact you regarding account status, let you know about products or services which may be of interest to you, allow you to access specific account information, or for other purposes. We employ other companies to perform certain functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, and services related to the design, maintenance and improvement of this Site and our database and related systems. These companies have access to your information and you are permitting us to share your Personal Information (but not your email address) with third parties outside of St. Julian Wine Co. Inc.  If you make a purchase on our Site, we will also ask you for additional information including the credit card number and expiration date, billing address, shipping address and name on the account (“Credit Card Information”), as well as information verifying your identity and age. We will keep your Credit Card Information on file and on our servers. This will enable you to make future purchases without re-entering your Credit Card Information. The Credit Card Information is transmitted and stored in an encrypted format. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we work diligently to ensure its security on our systems.
Cookies
Like many companies, we use "cookies" on our Site. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer’s hard drive when you visit certain web sites. We use cookies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited us before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify site features in which you may have the greatest interest. Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site.
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all our Site features.
Opting out
By default, the browsing experience of website visitors is tracked by Google Analytics in order to produce anonymized statistics.
You can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “gat._anonymizeIp();” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).
Do Not Track Preferences
Do not track is a function that allows visitors to opt out from being tracked by websites for any purpose including the use of analytics services, advertising networks and social platforms. Do not track options are available in a number of browsers including:
Firefox
Chrome
Safari
Opera
If you enable do not track in your web browser, Google Analytics will respect your choice, and you will not be tracked. This is in addition to you opting-out of the aggregation and analysis of data for our website statistics.
If you have disabled all cookies from your browser, we will still collect some general data about your browsing (e.g. a record of a visitor to our website) but they will be less accurate and your visit will not be tracked.
Web Beacons
Certain pages on our Site may contain "web beacons" (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). Web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party.
IP Addresses
An IP address is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our Site, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what regions our Site visitors come. We also may use this information to enhance our Site.
Email Communications
We may use your email address to contact you to respond to your inquiries or to provide information on products or services to you. To help us determine whether you have received an email from us, and to help us make emails more useful and interesting, we may receive a confirmation that you have opened an email from us. We will not share your email with other outside companies.
Disclosing Information to Third Parties
We are not in the business of selling your personal information to others, however, we may share certain of your personal information with third parties. We reveal personal information about you to unaffiliated third parties if: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; (3) the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection etc.); (4) the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets); (5) the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, processing orders, etc.); or (6) to others as described in this Privacy Policy. We may also gather aggregated data about you and disclose such aggregated (but not personally identifiable) information to third parties for promotional or other purposes.
Security Procedures to Protect Information
We take security seriously and we take precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. However, due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us, or information stored on our servers, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
From time to time, we may provide links to third-party websites. These websites may operate independently from St. Julian Wine Co. Inc. and may have their own privacy statements in place, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked website. To the extent any linked website you visit is unrelated to St. Julian Wine Co. Inc., we are not responsible for its content or any use of the website.
Terms of Use, Notices and Changes to Our Privacy Policy
In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, then the Terms of Use shall control. As our business changes, this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use are expected to change from time to time, and we reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at any time. The use of your information is subject to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use in effect at the time of use. The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices with respect to this Site. We post the effective date of our Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use on our Site. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will post the revised Policy and the revised effective date on this Site.
Your Access to Your Information
If you have provided information and wish in the future that we stop using this information, or if you wish to update or change your information, you can email us at orders@stjulian.com. Alternatively, you may, at any time, direct us to change your information by submitting corrected information to us by mail at the address below.
Questions Regarding This Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or any concern about privacy at St. Julian Wine Co. Inc., please contact the web site coordinator or you can write to us at St. Julian Wine Co Inc., 716 S. Kalamazoo St. Paw Paw, MI 49079.
Download Mobile App Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: July 2011
Copyright © 2020 St. Julian. All Rights Reserved.
Footer
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions