https://www.haribo.com/en-us/privacy
Last Updated April, 1 2020
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how HARIBO of America, Inc. (“Company”, “HARIBO”, “we”, “our” or “us”) uses personal information that we process in connection with your use of use of this website and any other website we operate that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “Sites”), our mobile application (our “App”), and all other products or services available through our Sites or App(collectively, our “Service”).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to better understand how we collect, use, and disclose personal information about you as you use our Service. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will appear on this page, so we encourage you to review it periodically.
FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
In addition to this privacy policy, if you are a California resident, HARIBO’s California Consumer Privacy Policy applies to you.
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
Personal information includes any information that may be used by HARIBO to identify you. The types of personal information we may collect includes, but is not limited to the following:
Name;Email address;Address;Phone number1.	INFORMATION COLLECTED DIRECTLY FROM YOU.
HARIBO collects information that you provide to us directly when you:
Contact us to ask a question or otherwise communicate with us;Create an account on one of our websites;Participate in a contest, sweepstake, promotion, or survey;Request customer service including dispute resolution, correspondence through our sites, and any correspondence sent to us;Post a review or comment on one of our sites, or post other user-generated content on one of our sites or Services;Apply for a job at HARIBO; orSign up to receive announcements, newsletters, or other promotional materials.2.	INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY.
Certain information on our Service is collected automatically by means of various software tools. We have a legitimate interest in using such information to assist in systems administration, information security and abuse prevention, to track user trends, and to analyze the effectiveness of our Service.
(a)	Log Files. Log files refers to the information that is automatically sent by your web browser or device (or otherwise automatically collected) each time you view or interact with our online Service. The information inside the log files may include IP addresses, type of browser, internet service provider, date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages and any other information your browser may send to us.
(b)	Device and Online Usage.We may collect information about your computer, browser, mobile or other device that you use to access our Service. We may use cookies, pixels, log files and other techniques to collect such information, including IP address, device identifiers and other unique identifiers, browser type, browser language, operating system name and version, device name and model, version, referring and exit pages, dates and times of Service access, links clicked, features uses, crash reports and session identification information. (c)	Cookies. We use cookies to make interactions with our Service easy and meaningful. When you visit our Service, our servers may send a cookie to your computer. We may use cookies that are session-based or persistent. Session cookies exist only during one session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use cookies that enable you to navigate our Service and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of our Service. Because required cookies are essential to operate our Service, there is no option to opt out of these cookies. We use cookies to provide features and services such as:
Remembering your preferences and allowing you to enter your information less frequently;Presenting information that’s targeted to your interests, which may include our content presented on another website;Measuring the effectiveness of our sites, services, content, and advertising; Providing other services and features that are only available through the use of cookies;The Options/Settings section of most internet browsers will tell you how to manage cookies and other technologies that may be transferred to your device, including how to disable such technologies. You can disable our cookies or all cookies through your browser settings, but please note that disabling cookies may impact some of our Service features and prevent the Service from operating properly.
We may use or engage a third party that uses Local Stored Objects (LSOs), sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”, and other technologies to collect and store information about your use of our Service. A flash cookie is a small data file placed on your device using Adobe Flash technology. Flash cookies are different from the cookies described above because cookie management tools provided in your browser will not remove them. To limit the websites that can store information in flash cookies on your device, you must visit the Adobe website.
(d)	Do Not Track Signals. We do not currently respond or take any action with respect to web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
(e)	Analytics Services.We may use certain third party analytics services to improve the functionality, features, or delivery of our Service. We may also use these analytics services to record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity, as well as any text that you type into our Service. For example, we use Google Analytics on our Service to track user trends and usage. For more information on Google Analytics’ processing of your information as it relates to our Service, please see www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners. By using a browser plugin provided by Google, you can opt out of Google Analytics.
(f)	Web Beacons and Similar Tracking Technologies. When you visit our Service, we may collect your IP address for certain purposes such as, for example, to monitor the regions from which you navigate our Service. We may also use web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about your usage of our Service and interaction with emails from us. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular site tied to the web beacon. We may use web beacons to operate and improve our Service.
(g)	Information We Collect From Other Sources.We may collect information about you that is publicly available. For example, we may collect information you submit to a blog, chat room, or social network. We may also collect information from other companies, organizations, or third-party partners.
3.	HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
If you submit or we collect Information through our Service, then such Information may be used to:
Provide, analyze, administer, improve, and personalize the Service;Provide you with the Service and any information, product or order fulfillment;Contact you in connection with the Service, notifications, events, programs or offerings;Send you updates and promotional materials; Provide personalized advertising to you;Protect our rights or our property and to ensure the technical functionality and security of the Service; andComply with applicable law, assist law enforcement, and to respond to regulatory or other legal inquiries.4.	HOW WE SHARE OR DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION.
We do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose the information collected from our Service to third parties unless otherwise stated below or with your consent.
(a)	 Our Third Party Service Providers. We transfer information to our third party service providers to perform tasks on our behalf and to assist us in providing our Service. For example, we may share your information with service providers who assist us in performing core functions (such as hosting, data storage, and security) related to our operation of the Service and/or by making certain interactive tools available to you as a user. We also use third parties for technical and customer support, application development, tracking and reporting functions, quality assurance, and other services. In the performance of our Service, we may share information from or about you with these third parties so that we can deliver the highest quality user experience.
(b)	Advertisers. From time-to-time, we engage advertising services to assist us in advertising our brand and Service based upon your interests and in order to display content that is relevant to you. Those services may target advertisements on our website as well as third-party websites based on cookies or other information indicating previous interaction with our Service. These third parties may collect information from your use of our Services over time and that information may be combined with information collected about you across different websites and online services. These third party advertisers may be participants in the Network Advertising Initiative and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance, which allow users to opt-out of ad targeting from participating organizations. To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt-out of having your information used by certain third parties for behavioral advertising purposes, go to www.aboutads.info/choices or www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Please note that when you opt-out of receiving interest based advertising, this does not mean you will no longer see advertisements from us.(c)	Aggregated or Deidentified Information.To better serve our users, business partners, and to improve our Service, we may conduct research on user demographics, interests and behavior or engage in other activities based on Personal Data and/or information that we aggregate or de-identify. Aggregated or de-identified information is not considered Personal Data and does not identify a user personally. We may share this aggregated or de-identified information with our affiliates, agents, business partners, and/or other third parties.(d)	Business Partners.From time to time, we may partner with other companies to jointly offer products or services. If you purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly-offered product or service from us, we may share information collected in connection with your purchase or expression of interest with our joint promotion partner(s). We do not control our business partners’ use of the information we collect, and their use of the information will be in accordance with their own privacy policies.(e)	In the Event of Merger, Sale, or Change of Control. We may transfer or assign this Privacy Policy and any information to a third party entity that acquires or is merged with us as part of the evaluation of an entry into such transactions, or in the course of a merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control (such as the result of a bankruptcy proceeding).(f)	Other Disclosures. We may disclose information about you if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our {Link Terms of Use}, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues; or (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of HARIBO, our users, or the public.5.	RETENTION.We reserve the right to retain any information as long as it is needed to: (i) fulfill the purposes for which we collected the information, and (ii) comply with applicable law.6.	DATA SECURITY. We take the protection of your information seriously and take reasonable and appropriate physical, administrative, and technical measures to protect the information collected through our Site. While we implement commercially reasonable security measures to protect your privacy, please keep in mind that the Internet is not a 100% secure medium for communication, and we cannot guarantee that the information collected about you will always remain private when using our Site and/or Services. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.7.	CHILDREN'S PRIVACY. While children enjoy eating our products, our Site and Service is not intended for or directed to individuals under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. When a user discloses personal information on our Service, the user is representing to us that he or she is at least eighteen (18) years of age. 8.	LINKS TO OTHER SITES.Our Site may include links to other third party websites as a convenience to you. If you click on one of those links you will be taken to websites we do not control, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to those third party websites. The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of any other company, its site(s), or its product(s) and/or service(s). HARIBO is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any other site.9.	SOCIAL MEDIA AND PLUG-INS.Our online services may use social media plug-ins (e.g., the Facebook "Like" button, "Share to Twitter" button) to enable you to easily interact with certain social media websites (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) and share information with others. When you visit our online services, the operators of the available social media plugins can place a cookie on your device enabling such operators to recognize individuals who have previously visited our online services. If you are logged into these social media websites while visiting our online services, the social media plugins allow the relevant social media websites to receive information that you have visited our online services or other information. The social media plugins also allow the applicable social media websites to share information about your activities on our online services with other users of the social media website. For example, Facebook Social Plugins allow Facebook to show your "Likes" and comments on our online services to your Facebook friends. Facebook Social Plugins also allow you to see your friends' Facebook activity on our online services. We do not control any of the content from the social media plugins. We may also interact with you on social media platforms. If you contact us on one of our social media platforms, request services, or otherwise communicate directly with us on social media, we may contact you to interact with you. For more information about social media advertising and social media plugins from other social media websites, please refer to those websites' privacy and data sharing statements.10.	LOCATION-BASED SERVICES. 11.	CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. As our organization changes over time, this Privacy Policy may change as well. We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Policy on our Service. We will provide you notice of material changes by indicating that the Privacy Policy has been updated on our homepage and will indicate the date we made the update above. Your continued use of any of the Services after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes. Please therefore make sure you read any such notice carefully. If you do not wish to continue using the Services under the new version of the policy, please cease using the Services. 12.	CONTACTING US. Any comments, concerns, complaints, or questions regarding our Privacy Policy may be addressed to info-us@haribo.com. Please note that email communications may not be secure. Accordingly, you should not include personal or other sensitive information in your email correspondence to the Sites or to HARIBO.