http://www.infinitygc.com.au/privacy-policy-2/
Infinity (Gold Coast) Pty Ltd and its associated companies within the Dreamtech Group of Companies is committed to the National Privacy Principles as set out in the Privacy Act 1988 as amended and has developed the following in accordance with this Act.
OUR COMMITMENT TO PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY
Infinity (Gold Coast) Pty Ltd understands the importance of privacy and we are committed to protecting your privacy, in addition to the privacy of any information that you provide to us. This Privacy Statement explains our policy in regard to any personal information that you might supply to us in the course of our business dealings, including through our websites, social media and email system.
Your personal information means the information that identifies you as an individual or from which your identity can be reasonably ascertained. The examples of personal information are your home address, email address, telephone number, credit card particulars and your date of birth.
We may review and update this Privacy Statement from time to time and we will post any changes on our websites. We encourage you to regularly view the Policy Statement page to enable you to be aware of any changes that may occur.
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WHICH WE COLLECT
We collect your personal information only when you have provided it to us voluntarily. You can supply this information through various methods but principally when transacting business with us to purchase tickets and products. It is processed by a third party which is secure and PCI DSS compliant. Securepay and Woocommerce security policies may be found on their website. Any manual card information supplied to us is destroyed after the transaction is processed.
THE MANNER IN WHICH WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
Infinity (Gold Coast) Pty Ltd does not sell, rent or trade personal information about you.
Infinity (Gold Coast) Pty Ltd will only use or disclose your personal information:-
In accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 as amended;
In accordance with this Privacy Policy Statement;
To provide you with the product or service you have requested;
To communicate with you in relation to your request for information or service or product;
For the purpose for which it was collected or for related purposes which you would reasonably expect and will consent to;
To provide you with information relating to Infinity (Gold Coast) Pty Ltd or promotional details about our services or products which may be of interest or benefit to you;
To proceed as directed by you in relation to any information or service which you have requested;
SECURITY OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure the security of personal information provided to us to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
More specifically, the process used to protect the personal information that we may collect includes, and is not limited to, the following:-
Restriction of physical access to individual files;
Secure data base information in relation to all transactions;
Electronic fire walls and password access to all electronic storage media.
We cannot guarantee the information exchanged via the internet or other electronic means may not be accessed by people other than the intended party. Therefore, if you send any personal information to us via the internet or other electronic means, it is sent at your own risk of disclosure.
Our website is hosted on an Internet server at OnTheNet which may automatically record details about any the computer used to access this site. This may include IP address, domain name, browser type, the date and time of access and details downloaded. These details do not identify you and are used solely for statistical analysis and research on usage patterns to improve this website.
You can view OnTheNet’s privacy policy by visiting their website at www.onthenet.com.au
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or feedback about privacy or if you wish to make a complaint about how we have handled your personal information, or request access to your information, please contact us at the address, telephone number or email address set forth on this website.