https://www.heckledepot.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google's own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, HeckleDepot.com has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Collection of Personal Information
When visiting HeckleDepot.com, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are anonymized by the deletion of the last 3 digits.
Links to third party Websites
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own. Please read our FTC disclosure.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of HeckleDepot.com then you may contact us through the contact link at bottom of this page.
Last updated Mon, 23 May 2011 08:27
Famous Big ListsThe Big List of Umpire Heckles
The Big List of Bullpen Heckles
The Big List of All-Purpose Heckles
The Big List of Fielder Heckles
The Big List of Pitcher Heckles
Base Runner
The Big List of Batter Heckles
Press
Contact Us
Privacy
MLB Coupon
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Digg
Evernote
Gmail
reddit
StumbleUpon
Tumblr