https://www.gocomics.com/help
Need help?  If you have a specific question, check out our Frequently Asked Questions below.
If you still need assistance, submit your comment or help request and we’ll do our best to get you an answer.
FAQs
Top 5 FAQs
I forgot my password and/or my username. How can I retrieve it?
How do I change the e-mail address to which my comics are delivered?
Some of my comics don't seem to be updating, especially the editorials. What's up with that?
How can I add or remove comics from My Comics Page?
I'm not receiving the comics in my e-mail. Why not?
The New Site
What’s the difference between a free account and a Premium account?
What is commenting and how does it work?
Free Trial - Premium Membership
How long does my free trial of Premium membership last?
Do I have to put a credit card on file to activate my free trial?
Can I change my credit card information after my free trial is active?
How do I know how many days are left on my free trial?
If I cancel my free trial, can I become a Premium member later?
If I cancel my free trial, can I try another free trial later?
I think I signed up for a free trial, but I'm not sure. How can I tell?
I have a gift subscription to GoComics. Can I use a free trial to extend my subscription?
What is the Andrews McMeel Universal Network?
What is the Andrews McMeel Universal Network?
Privacy and Security
Why do you use cookies? What are cookies?
How secure is my personal information?
What steps do you take to protect children?
Registration
When do I have to register? Why do I need to register?
Do I have to pay for registration benefits?
How do I log in once I have registered?
How do I edit my information?
What if I forget my password?
Send to a Friend
How do I send something on GoComics to a friend?
How do I know my e-mail has been sent?
Advertising
Can I advertise on the GoComics website, in GoComics e-mails, or on specific comic pages?
Technical Issues
Do I have the right browser?
What should I do if images do not load correctly?
Why do I need a Flash player?
How do I get a Flash player?
Content
Can I put your comics on my website?
Can I use this strip for a work presentation or personal use? How about for my corporate intranet or website?
Can I put your content on my intranet site?
How do I submit content to be shown on GoComics.com?
Shopping
Can I purchase a comic strip? Can I get quality reprint(s) of my favorite comic?
Can I order by phone?
Is it safe to use my credit card?
What about returns?
Can I gift a Premium subscription?
Want to place an International Order?
How can I get an autographed print of a a Pearls Before Swine strip? Send an email to ComicArtPrints@AMUniversal.com.
International ordering information for Comics Art Prints is available here: International Order Information
Books and Calendars are NOT available for International shipping
Top 5 FAQs
I forgot my password and/or my username. How can I retrieve it?If you forgot your password, please go to the “Forgot your password?” link here. Enter the e-mail address you are registered under, and we will send you a new password.
How do I change the e-mail address to which my comics are delivered?To change your e-mail delivery address, first make sure you are logged into www.gocomics.com. On your home screen, click on My Account. On the next page, you can enter your new e-mail address and click the green update button.
Some of my comics don't seem to be updating, especially the editorials. What's up with that?Not all of the comics update on a daily basis.
We often receive editorial cartoons from the creators AFTER your e-mails have already gone out for the day. In that case, we’ll send you the updated comic in the next day’s e-mail.
How can I add or remove comics from My Comics Page?To change the selection of comics for your page, first log into GoComics.com with your username and password. Once your home screen loads, look on the left side of the screen and click the comics page you wish to edit. Next, click Edit this Comics Page to be taken to an edit screen. Simply check the boxes next to the comic(s) you want to add. To remove comics, check the box again. Be sure to scroll to the bottom and click Save Changes when you’re done.
I'm not receiving the comics in my e-mail. Why not?First, you’ll want to check that e-mail delivery is enabled for your page. To do that, sign into GoComics.com with your username and password. Click the My Comics tab in the upper right-hand navigation bar to go to your My Comics page. Click the blue Edit This Page widget, denoted by a gear icon. From the drop-down menu, make sure that "Send This Comics Page To My E-Mail Daily" is displayed. If it’s not, click the text. You will now receive your comics page daily.
If you've selected this option, you will now see an option to opt out that reads "Stop Sending This Comics Page To My E-Mail Daily" instead. You may opt in or out at any time.
If the toggle is set to "Stop Sending This Comics Page To My E-Mail Daily" and you’re still not getting your comics, check any bulk mail folders or spam filters to see if they might be interfering with the e-mails. If you don't find anything on those, check any blocked e-mail lists and make sure that comics@mycomicspage.com has not been inadvertently added. Also, please add this same address to your e-mail address book.
back to top
The New Site
What’s the difference between a free account and a Premium account?Click here to see a breakdown of free vs. Premium.
What is commenting and how does it work?Comments can be posted for the whole community to see. All registered GoComics users can make comments. To make a comment, enter your comment in the field provided, then click Post Comment. All comments are visible directly below the strip on the strip’s page. To edit or delete your comment, click the Edit or Delete link below your comment and make your changes, then click Post Comment.
back to top
Free Trial- Premium Membership
How long does my free trial of Premium membership last? Your free trial is active for 30 days, after you sign up and put a credit card on file.
Do I have to put a credit card on file to activate my free trial? Yes. Your card will not be charged until your free trial expires. You can cancel your free trial anytime within the 30 days to avoid charge. To cancel, login and visit your My Account page. Select "Turn Off Autopay" to cancel your free trial.
Can I change my credit card information after my free trial is active?Yes. To update or change your credit card information, login to your GoComics account. Go to your My Account page and select the "Change Billing" option. Save your updated information by clicking on "Update Info".
How do I know how many days are left on my free trial? Login to your GoComics account. Go to your My Account page. Under "Subscription" you will see the day your free trial will expire.
If I cancel my free trial, can I become a Premium member later? Yes. Premium membership is always available for $19.99/year!
If I cancel my free trial, can I try another free trial later?   Unfortunately, no. Once you activate your Free Trial, you have 30 days to test out a Premium membership at no charge. You can cancel at anytime but you cannot have another free trial.
I think I signed up for a free trial, but I'm not sure. How can I tell?   Login to your GoComics account. Go to your My Account page. Under "Subscription" it will state "Free Trial Premium Yearly Subscription" if your free trial has been activated. If your Free Trial was not activated, click the "Try Free Trial" button. Follow the prompts to activate.
I have a gift subscription to GoComics. Can I use the free trial to extend my subscription?  Unfortunately, no. A gift subscription already gives you access to a Premium membership.
back to top
What is the Andrews McMeel Universal Network?
The Andrews McMeel Universal Network refers to the group of entertainment websites developed and managed by the people at Andrews McMeel Universal. The Andrews McMeel Universal Network includes: Dilbert.com Doonesbury.com, ThePuzzleSociety.com, Garfield.com, NewsoftheWeird.com, FBorFW.com, GoComics.com, DearAbby and uExpress.com.
back to top
Privacy and Security
Why do you use cookies? What are cookies?The term "cookie" refers to a small text file sent to your browser that allows us to store your username and other preferences in a secure fashion. These small files cannot harm your computer and do not contain any personal information.
With the auto-login feature in our registration system, we use a cookie to remember the username information you gave us so you don't have to enter that information each time you visit our site. Our site also uses cookies to keep track of how users are navigating our site and to provide you with personalized content. This will allow us to serve you the information that you want to see the most. The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you'll find them at most major websites.
How secure is my personal information?The Andrews McMeel Universal Network is operated on secure data networks protected by industry-standard firewall and password-protection systems. In addition, to safeguard credit card e-commerce transactions we use industry-standard secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. This ensures secure transmission of your information from your browser to our servers. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
What steps do you take to protect children?GoComics takes the safety of children very seriously. We have taken several steps to ensure that visitors to our site are not compromised by our administrative and security measures. All visitors to our site are subject to our Privacy Policy (Read Our Policy) and we encourage you to see the policy for all of the details.
back to top
Registration
When do I have to register? Why do I need to register?You can view comics and enjoy a number of GoComics features without registering. However, in order to comment on comics, or send comics to friends you must register with a minimum amount of information. Besides granting you account privileges, registration also enables us to describe the AGGREGATE demographics (e.g. 60% of the readers of the comic strip Cathy are women) of our sites to advertisers. We do not disclose specific information about any user to third parties.
Do I have to pay for registration benefits?No. Registration benefits such as comics viewing, commenting and sending are free to you! Enjoy them! A yearly fee is required to get the privileges of a Premium membership, including ad-free viewing and e-mail delivery of your personalized comics page.
How do I log in once I have registered?Unless you turn off your cookies, you will be logged in automatically when you return to our websites. If you are on a different machine or have your cookies turned off, go to the sign in page and input your username and password to log on to your account.
How do I edit my information?You can edit your personal profile information by clicking on "My Account" from your Dashboard. To edit billing address and credit card information, go to the "My Account" page and click on "Update Billing Information".
What if I forget my password?We'll e-mail your password to you if you forget it. Just click here to and enter the e-mail address you registered your account with.
back to top
Send to a Friend
How do I send something on GoComics to a friend?On a page where you are viewing a comic, click on the "Share" link. You can then type in your friend’s e-mail address and a personal message to be delivered with the comic to your friend. If you prefer, you can copy the link available in the same window and send it to your friend via your own e-mail or IM client.
How do I know my e-mail has been sent?You will receive an immediate confirmation message when you e-mail has been sent.
back to top
Advertising
Can I advertise on the GoComics website, in GoComics e-mails, or on specific comic pages?You betcha! Visit our Advertising Information page to learn more.
back to top
Technical Issues
Do I have the right browser?Any of the following web browsers work with GoComics: IE 11 (PC), Firefox 49 or newer (Mac, PC, or Linux), Safari 8 or newer (Mac).
What should I do if images do not load correctly?Usually, images that do not load correctly represent a temporary problem and do not require any special fixes. Simply reload the page you are currently visiting and the problem should be resolved. If the issue does not resolve itself you might also make sure that your browser software has not become corrupt - if it has you might try uninstalling and installing the most current version of your chosen browser software.
Why do I need a Flash player?Flash allows GoComics.com to deliver the most engaging, compelling and interesting entertainment content currently on the web. We utilize technologies like these to enhance your entertainment experience in the most compatible way possible. You can download the plug-ins from Adobe.com.
How do I get a Flash player?Please visit Adobe.com and you will be automatically directed to the correct version for your operating system and browser.
back to top
Content
Can I put your comics on my website?Yes you can! Our dedicated sales team can help you put our syndicated content on your website. Find out more about our content services from http://content.uclick.com.
Can I use this strip for a work presentation or personal use? How about for my corporate intranet or website?Click here to learn more about how to get a permissions agreement to use our content.
Can I put your content on my intranet site?Most of the features on GoComics are available. Click here to learn more about how to get a permissions agreement to use our content.
How do I submit content to be shown on GoComics.com?GoComics.com is not only your source for the comics and humor you already know, but we also want to be the launching pad for the next generation of humor creators. We welcome and encourage submissions for comics, animations, and games. If you think you have what it takes, check out our submission guidelines.
GoComics.com is owned and managed by Andrews McMeel Universal, the leading content service provider on the web for the comics and daily games you love, so your submission will be reviewed by Andrews McMeel Universal's team of content experts.
back to top
Shopping
Can I purchase a comic strip? Can I get quality reprint(s) of my favorite comic?Yes. To purchase a framed (or unframed) Comic Art Print on GoComics.com, click the "BUY A PRINT OF THIS COMIC" button below any eligible comic strip. If there is no "BUY A PRINT OF THIS COMIC" below the strip, the comic is not available as a print.
More information can be found here: gocomics-comic-art-prints/
Steps to purchase prints:
In the “Find Comics” drop down, use the A-Z listing to find the desired strips that you can browse by date and keywords.  Click on the rectangular date box below the displayed comic.  Next, click on the calendar month and year to get to the desired date. Or clicking on the back arrows to get to previous years.   Once you have the year, select the month and day of your chosen strip. Then click the blue "BUY A PRINT OF THIS COMIC" button, located below the strip, proceed to purchase.
Comic Art Prints are printed and centered, on acid-free archival paper. Most dates are available in 2 sizes.
8.5 x 11 inch size - The standard 4-frame comic strip is enlarged to approximately 3 x 9 inches. The standard Sunday comic is enlarged to approximately 9 x 6 inches.
11 x 17 inch size - The standard 4-frame comic strip is enlarged to approximately 4 x 12 inches. The standard Sunday comic is enlarged to approximately 10.5 x 7.5 inches
Framed prints ship FREE! (please allow 2-3 weeks for framed print delivery)
If you are interested in using one of our comic prints for licensing or educational purposes navigate to Amureprints.com.
Can I call you to order/discuss a print purchase?If you would prefer to order by phone, please have your Visa, MasterCard, Discover or American Express ready and call:Andrews McMeel Universal at 844-426-1256 or ComicArtPrints@AMUniversal.com
Our live representatives are available to take your call between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.
International Orders
International ordering information for Comics Art Prints is available here: International Comic Art Print information
Books and Calendars are NOT available for International shipping
For Comic Art Prints mail orders or general inquiries, mail to:Andrews McMeel UniversalAttn: Comic Art Prints1130 Walnut St.Kansas City, MO 64106-2109
For Reprints/Permissions requests or general inquiries, mail to:Andrews McMeel UniversalAttn: Permissions1130 Walnut St.Kansas City, MO 64106-2109
Please be sure to include your credit card number and expiration date or your check or money order drawn on a U.S. bank. Please make checks payable to Andrews McMeel Universal.
Is it safe to use my credit card?Yes. The GoComics Network is operated on secure data networks protected by industry-standard firewall and password-protection systems. In addition, to safeguard credit card e-commerce transactions we use industry-standard secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. This ensures secure transmission of your information from your browser to our servers. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
What about returns?GoComics.com strives to exceed our customers' expectations in all regards. This includes a 100-percent-satisfaction guarantee on all our standard products. If you are unhappy with your order, simply enclose it in the original package with your packing slip stating why it is being returned, and return it for a full refund to:
Andrews McMeel UniversalReturns Department 20G2421201 Ingram Blvd.Roseburg, OR 97471-7148
Custom-produced items such as the framed/unframed Comic Art Prints are generally excluded from this policy but are handled on a case-by-case basis. If you are not satisfied with your Comic Art Print, please contact:ComicArtPrints@AMUniversal.com or 844-426-1256
Comic Art Prints Returns Andrews McMeel UniversalAttn: Comic Art Prints1130 Walnut St.Kansas City, MO 64106-2109
Permissions Returns Andrews McMeel UniversalAttn: Permissions1130 Walnut St.Kansas City, MO 64106-2109
Can I gift a Premium subscription?
Yes. Visit the Gift a Subscription portal and follow the steps.
If you have a free or Premium GoComics user account, you can view the status of your gift by signing into your account, visiting "My Account", and scrolling to the "Gifted Subscriptions" section.
If you're not currently a registered GoComics user, you can still gift an account. You will have the option to sign up for your own free or Premium account after you gift a subscription.
Want to place an international order?
Please contact our Customer Service Dept.
back to top
You must have an account to access this feature
×
Sign in
Sign up for free
Free Trial
Back To Top