http://www.lagoonpark.com/privacy-policy/
28°
Closed for Season
Español
Currently at Lagoon
28°
Partly Cloudy
Forecast & Park Hours
Today
36° / 23°
Tomorrow
36° / 26°
Saturday
37° / 23°
Sunday
40° / 22°
Monday
38° / 29°
Weather powered by Forecast
Lagoon
What To Do
Rides & Attractions
Lagoon A Beach
Frightmares
Events & Shows
Pioneer Village
Park Info
Schedule & Park Hours
Directions & Parking
Park Map (PDF)
Camping & Lodging
Refreshments
History
Groups
Corporate Parties
Family Events
School Days
Group Discounts
Terrace Reservations
Catering
Schedule Your Event
Jobs
Seasonal Jobs
Post-Season Employment
Live Entertainment
Frightmares Jobs
Year-Round Employment
Fundraising Opportunities
Season Passports
Buy Season Passports
Season Passport Club
Season Parking
Reprint Passports
Tickets
Buy Tickets
Deals & Packages
Group Sales
Reprint Tickets
myFun Guest Portal
myFun Portal
Home
FAQs
Contact Us
Guest Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
NEED HELP?
Contact us to talk to a Guest Services Representative.
PHONE
(801) 451-8000
EMAIL
info@lagoonpark.com
ADDRESS
375 North Lagoon Drive
Farmington, Utah 84025
Buy Tickets
Buy Season Passport
Share
Lagoon's Privacy Policy
The safety of Lagoon’s guests is our number one priority. This includes the security of our guests’ private information. Stated below are the details of Lagoon’s privacy policies. Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions.
Internet Privacy Policy
The information that you provide at our site will be treated as confidential and private by Lagoon.
Information We Request Directly From You
Lagoon’s site order forms, surveys and contests require you to give us contact information that may include, but is not limited to, shipping and billing information or demographic information (like your ZIP code, age, etc.). Our order forms require financial information, including your credit card information.
How We Use Contact Information
Your contact information is used to contact you when necessary in connection with transactions or requests entered by you on the Lagoon site. We also use customer contact information collected in order to send information, offers and promotional material from our company. This information will only be sent to you if you have given us permission with your online information. We carefully select information to be sent that offers real value to you, such as discounts, exclusive offers or special event information.
How We Use Financial Information
Financial information that is collected is used to check your qualifications and bill you for products and services. We will not share financial information with third parties without your prior consent. When you make a purchase on the site, your consent is given to provide your financial or contact information to the third parties necessary to process your transactions with us, such as credit card companies and the companies that handle shipping on our behalf.
How We Use Demographic Information
We use demographic information to tailor our site to the interests of our users as well as advertising campaigns that we may deploy in the surrounding community. This information will be used as a collective group and will never contain a specific individual’s information. This information is not shared with other advertisers or third party vendors.
Other Sites/Third Party Vendors and their Privacy Policies
This site may contain links to other sites. Lagoon and www.lagoonpark.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites or for the privacy policies and practices of other third parties.
Our Security Precautions
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
How You Can Update Your Personal Information
In the event that you need to update your personal information or you no longer wish to receive Lagoon promotional offers, please send an email to funtime@lagoonpark.com. You can request that your name be removed from the list of users that have given us permission to send them Lagoon promotional offers.
Save Up To 25%
Group Discounts & Catering
Plan Your Stay
Camping & Lodging
We've Got Your Answers
Frequently Asked Questions
Get Special Offers In Your Inbox
Join the Fun Time Club for special email offers and news about upcoming Lagoon events. We respect your privacy and will never distribute your information to 3rd parties.