https://www.campingandcaravanningclub.co.uk/aboutus/policies/cookie-policy/
Home
>
About Us
>
Our Club Policies
>
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Our website, like many others, uses cookies to enhance your experience and help us find out about our visitors so we can improve their experience.
Here we tell you more about what cookies are why we use them, which cookies we use and how you can manage cookies using your browser settings.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer or mobile device. They’re used to store information about your visit and improve your browsing experience.
The cookies we use are not intended to identify you personally. Any personal information you provide to us is stored securely and in conjunction with our Privacy Policy.
Why we use cookies
Cookies are used by us so that our website can remember what you have done whilst browsing as an example, remembering your log-in details or allowing you to make a booking.
We also use cookies to monitor your use of the website. This monitoring is completely anonymous. We don't collect any personal data about you, rather we look at the number of pages you visit and use this information to improve your experience of using the site.
Cookies are also used to provide you with targeted marketing, such as information about our products or services that we think you might be interested in.
The cookies we use on our website fall into four categories:
Required Cookies
These cookies are essential for our website to work properly, the information they gather about you is not used for marketing purposes or remembering where you've been on the internet. They are used during the booking process, which needs to store information temporarily in a ‘session’ about your booking – including number of nights, selected campsite etc. Without these session cookies, our booking system wouldn’t work properly. Session cookies are only stored for the duration of your visit to a website and are deleted from your device when you close your browser.
Cookies are also used to remember you when you log-in.
Performance Cookies
These cookies anonymously collect information about how you use our website so we can understand how our website is performing and make improvements that could improve your experience.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, such as greeting you by name and remembering your preferences.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies are used to tailor marketing to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the performance of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information may be shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Although these cookies can track your visits to other websites, they do not store any personally identifiable information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience advertisements less relevant to you and your interests.
How to control and delete cookies
We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by our website, you can do so by activating the setting on your browser. You can find out more about cookies and how to delete and control them on www.aboutcookies.org or by navigating to ‘help’ in your browser menu.
Manage your cookie preferences.
List of our cookies
This is a list of the main cookies set by our website, and what each is used for:
Required
ASP.NET_SessionId
Preserves users states across pages
ASPSESSION…
Preserves users states across forms
.ASPXAUTH
Used to manage the login
BIGipServerclub_webmain_website_https_443_pool
Used to distribute traffic to the website on multiple servers
BIGipServerclub_webmain_website_https_80_pool
Used to distribute traffic to the website on multiple servers
__RequestVerificationToken
Part of ASP.Net security to prevent tampering of form fields
.net session
Used to retain the data in the .net session
CMSPreferredCulture
Set by the Kentico CMS to identify the language of the page, stores a language-country code combination
VisitorStatus
Indicates if the visitor is new or returning. Used for tracking the visitors statistic in Web analytics.
UrlReferrer
Stores the URL referrer from which the user arrives on the website.
APISID, HSID, SAPISID, SID, SSID
These cookies, provided by Google Inc., are used in conjunction with the Google+1 button to enable you to share information publicly, as part of your Google Profile.
SID, HSID
These cookies, provided by YouTube LLC, help maintain the integrity of video statistics, prevent fraud and improve their own service.
Functional
_y2, _yi
We use a web analytics tool called Yieldify, which takes an anonymous sample of users and records their actions on the website (e.g. mouse clicks). The service is anonymous and does not collect personal information. Yieldify helps us identify areas of the website in which we can improve the user journey.
Visited.0
Unclassified
cccFavouriteSitesAnonymous
The users fav sites that have been picked
PREF
Youtube videos are embedded into the page, Used by YouTube (Google) for storing user preferences and other unspecified purposes
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Youtube videos are embedded into the page, Used by YouTube (Google) for storing user preferences and other unspecified purposes
YSC
Youtube videos are embedded into the page, Used by YouTube (Google) for storing user preferences and other unspecified purposes
Performance
ai_user,
ai_session
This cookie name is associated with the Microsoft Application Insights software, which collects statictical usage and telemetry information for apps built on the Azure cloud platform. This is a unique user identifier cookie enabling counting of the number of users accessing the application over time. No personal data is used.
__utma, __utmc, __utmz
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It it used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be customised by website owners.
_ga
This cookie name is asssociated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
_gid
This cookie name is asssociated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE
Sitecore Analytics - these cookies help us deliver personalised content to you and provide anonymous reports to us on how visitors use our site.
ai_user
This cookie name is associated with the Microsoft Application Insights software, which collects statictical usage and telemetry information for apps built on the Azure cloud platform. This is a unique user identifier cookie enabling counting of the number of users accessing the application over time.
sc.ASP.NET_SESSIONID
This cookie name is associated with the SessionCam web analytics application from ServiceTick.
sc.Status, sc.UserId
This cookie name is associated with the SessionCam web analytics application from ServiceTick.
Marketing
CONSENT
Google’s Cookie consent setting
DV
Google ad personalisation
NID
Google ad personalisation
Retargeting cookies
These cookies are used to tailor marketing to you and your interests.
You can find out how Google uses this cookie and how to reject or delete it by visiting Google's privacy statement.
Facebook Conversion and Remarketing cookie
There are two types of Facebook cookies which can be added to a user’s browser. One is used to track the performance of our marketing. The other is used to track visits across the whole website. Additionally, any user who completes a purchase on the site will be tracked by
Facebook conversion tracking.
Bing tracking cookie
These cookies allow us to use remarketing on Bing.
Last updated on Thursday 21 March 2019 17:37