http://www.universityarchives.com/pages/privacy-policy
menu
Auction
Selling
About
University Archives
Founder John Reznikoff
Blog
Press & Media
Contact
Past Auction Results
Login
Search
0
Cart
Search
What are you looking for?
Bid Now on University Archives
BID NOW on INVALUABLE
BID NOW ON LIVEAUCTIONEERS
Privacy Policy
University Archives Privacy PolicyAt University Archives (“UA”), the privacy of our clients and other website visitors is of the utmost importance. UA strives to gain and maintain the trust of our consignors, sellers, bidders, and buyers by continually protecting identities and holding information in confidence. All information you provide us when using UA websites is held in confidence, except as herein noted. As we update and expand our services, this privacy policy may change to better serve everyone. UA does not typically send notifications of changes to our privacy policy, so please check back periodically for updates, and feel free to contact us at any time with questions or suggestions regarding this policy.By submitting personally identifiable information, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to this information being used exclusively by UA and its authorized dealers for business purposes only. If you opt not to provide us with personally identifiable information, you may be unable to receive specific communications on products and company information or make full use of Site features.UA researches our clients' usage patterns and demographics based on the information provided to us during their experiences on our website. We do this to better understand our clients' needs and enhance our service. This information is compiled and analyzed for internal use. Registration qualifies a user as a UA client, and, regardless of any regulation to the contrary, the user agrees, until this consent is revoked in writing, that UA may from time to time contact the user concerning sale and purchase opportunities available through UA. UA collects and stores any login information you create in order to allow you to access your account information and member features.All information is held in confidence by UA. We do not not trade, rent or sell your information, including email addresses, to third parties nor do we provide it for any third party's general commercial usage. Any information disseminated to parties external to UA is anonymous in nature - for example: the prices realized for a particular auction may include the price paid for a lot. We may disclose your personal data with our service providers to ensure the proper functioning of your requested services and UA business operations (for example, we may transmit your credit card information to our bank for enhanced data security and authentication). Before we do so, we shall take the necessary steps to ensure that your personal data will be given adequate protection, and our service providers will only use the information for purposes of marketing and notifications. We reserve the right to share information, when we deem appropriate, with third parties that are acting on proper legal authority (e.g. subpoenas), including police and governmental agencies. We respond to credit references initiated by you or in the trade. In such instances, we generally will verify whether you are a known client, the length of time you may have done business with us, and whether your account is in good standing.The Internet browser you use to view our site allows a small file called a "cookie" to be saved on your device. This cookie enables our Web server to recognize you as a first-time or repeat client, and may include information such as your User Name so you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit. We also use cookies to provide customized and personalized services to you. Your browser does allow you to turn off or warn you about cookies from our site and from any other websites. Cookies do not allow us to know anything about your surfing habits on other websites. They simply tell us about your surfing habits on our website. UA may allow certain third parties contracted by UA, such as analytics partners, advertising technology partners, and other partners, to use cookies and/or include web beacons on universityarchives.com web pages for purposes related to those specific partner services. These cookies and web beacons may include your IP address, but do not include any Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”). NOTE: University Archives operates under US law. At this time, no US court has ruled that an IP address is PII. Therefore, as it relates to our data gathering and usage activities and the data gathering and usage activities of our third party partners, UA does not consider IP address to be personally identifiable information, as this data is not used in that context. We understand that some entities and individuals outside the US do consider IP address to be PII, and we therefore disclose these practices.UA maintains reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the security and integrity of all Personal Information provided to us. UA limits access to personal information about you to those employees who we reasonably believe need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you in order to do their jobs. In the interest of privacy and security, we automatically expire your session when a specific period goes by without activity. UA takes reasonable precautions - including administrative, technical, and physical measures - to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in the above paragraphs and to satisfy any legal, accounting, regulatory, or reporting requirements.UA has safeguards in place to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up-to-date for the purposes for which it is used. Naturally, you always have the right to access and correct the personal information you have provided. You can help us ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up-to-date by going to your profile page.UA does not currently respond to Web browser “do not track” signals and similar signals as providers of these signals do not currently operate according to common, industry-accepted standards. However, as stated earlier in this policy, your browser provides tools to allow you to change your privacy and security settings. For instructions, consult your browser’s Help menu. UA does not knowingly allow other parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different websites when a consumer uses our websites and services.
We use cookies on our website to give you the best shopping experience. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
I agree
Subscribe
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …