http://www.hamtestonline.com/privacy-policy.htm
HamTestOnline™ Privacy Policy
At HamTestOnline™, a division of Software Miracles LLC, we are committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and security of personal information we receive from our customers.  We want to assure you that we have taken steps, and will continue to take steps, to safeguard that information as if it was our own.
By creating an account on HamTestOnline™, you agree that your account will appear on our Top scores screen, which shows the name, age, call sign, and club or organization based on the values you provide on your account, along with various information about your study progress.  Ham radio is a hobby for people of all ages, so you agree to keep the contents of these fields totally G-rated at all times.  If you violate this policy, we may permanently ban you from using our services.
Participation in the Top scores screen is not optional.  If you wish to remain anonymous, you can use a fake name and leave your birthday, call sign, and club or organization fields empty.
We reserve the right to examine your website usage and study history to help us provide better service, for example to offer you individualized study recommendations.
We reserve the right to use your website usage and study history, with your personal information removed, for statistical analysis and website documentation.  For example, we might include a snapshot of your Study History screen on our FAQ page, with your personal information removed.
We reserve the right to use information you send us by email or other means (questions, feedback, comments, success stories, etc.) for marketing or other purposes.
We will keep your email address, subscription, and payment information confidential.  We do not keep credit card information on file.  Except as specified herein or required by law, we do not sell or otherwise share your information without express permission from you.
Software Miracles LLC may, without notice and at its sole discretion, amend this policy from time to time.  Please review this policy periodically.  Your use of the HamTestOnline™ website signifies your acceptance thereof.