http://www.ockanickon.org/donor-privacy-policy
Donor Privacy PolicyThe Washington Crossing Council (“BSA”) is committed to respecting and protecting the personal privacy of its members and those who visit its website at www.scouting.org. The following is our donor privacy policy, which guides our staff on how they may use a donor’s personal information while honoring your rights as a contributor. We will not sell, share or trade our donor’s names or personal information with any other entity, nor send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all information received by BSA, both online and offline, on any Platform (“Platform,” includes the BSA‘s websites and mobile applications), as well as any electronic, written, or oral communications.BSA uses personal identifiable information from donors that is collected at several points on our website, including: name, address, telephone number, email address and donor comments when a donor voluntarily provides it to us. When a donor pledges money as a donation, BSA requests certain personally identifiable information from them on our secure donation form and/or by telephone. Donors must provide contact information (such as name, email and billing address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill donations. Credit card information is only used for specific or pre-authorized recurring transaction(s) and is then destroyed. However, if we have trouble processing a donation, we will use this information to contact the donor.In addition, a record is kept of each donor’s giving history. Donor information is stored on a BSA donor management database. Access to the database is restricted to personnel with legitimate business need to access or modify the information contained therein. This information is kept on file for IRS purposes and is also used for gift acknowledgment and mailing lists.BSA does not sell, trade, rent or share names, addresses, telephone numbers or e-mail addresses of our donors. BSA will use contact information (e-mail, telephone numbers or addresses) of donors for these purposes only:Produce receipts for donations;Acknowledge donors for their contributions;Inform donors about news, upcoming fundraising events and Scouting activities; When information is sent utilizing a mailing service – The companies we employ have access only to the personal information needed to perform their functions, but are contractually prohibited from using it for other purposes;Internal analysis and record keeping;If necessary, reporting to relevant U.S. agencies; andOnline DonationsOur donation button uses industry standard SSL (secure socket layer) technology to protect data transmissions. The information collected will not be given out (shared or sold) to any third party.When giving an online donation, or making an activity registration payment, BSA takes every precaution to protect donor personal information. That includes online data collected on the BSA website through our secure e-commerce system and payment processor used to securely process online donations. All communications with the online processor are encrypted for the highest level of security of donor personal information.If you have questions about this Donor Privacy Policy or if you wish to be removed from our e-mail and/or postal contact lists at any time, please contact the Development Office at 215-348-7205.NOTE: This privacy policy was last modified on May 14, 2018 and applies only to the Washington Crossing Council and its websites, including www.bsawcc.org and www.washingtoncrossingbsa.org. This privacy policy does not apply to any other BSA council or unit website, as their content is not controlled by this policy. Please contact the administrator of any council, unit or other Scouting-oriented website for information about their own privacy policies and the information they collect about their site visitors.The financial data is summarized from the financial statements which are audited by EisnerAmper LLP. Audited financial statements will be available at the Council Service Center after July 1, 2018.The Washington Crossing Council, Boy Scouts of America is tax exempt under section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Service code. Donations are tax deductible to the extent allowed by law.The official registration and financial information of Washington Crossing Council, Boy Scouts of America may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll-free, within Pennsylvania, 1-800-732-0999. Registration does not imply endorsement.