http://www.havana-club.com/en-ww/cookie-policy
THE BRAND
PRODUCTS
DRINKS & RECIPES
PROJECTS
Limited editions
VISIT US IN CUBA
PROFESSIONAL
On Facebook
On Instagram
On Twitter
On Youtube
Back
Cookies policy
30 Oct. 2020
Subject to your consent when required by applicable law, our website use Cookies and similar technologies (“Cookies”).This Cookies Policy (the “Policy“) describes how Pernod Ricard SA (“Pernod Ricard” or “we“), is committed to respecting your privacy regarding its use of Cookies on its website accessible at the address www.havana-club.com (the “Site“).Before using our Site, please read carefully this Cookie Policy (including the Online Privacy Policy). If you do not agree with this Cookies Policy or the Pernod Ricard Privacy Policy, do not use our Site.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Cookies Policy or the Pernod Ricard Privacy Policy at any time. Such change should occur in a near future to take into account the e-Privacy Regulation provisions which is currently debated at the EU Parliament level and the recommendations of the data protection authorities.
Personal Data for the purpose of this Cookies Policy means any information that can be used to personally identify you or contact you online or offline. This information includes data such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, demographic information such as your date of birth, age, gender, and your habits or preferences when such information is linked to your personally identifiable information (collectively, “Personal Data”).
We will notify you, by appropriate means, of any material / substantive change in this Cookies Policy or in the Pernod Ricard Privacy Policy. You are also invited to regularly read this Cookies Policy or the Pernod Ricard Privacy Policy to make sure you are aware of any change and how your Personal Data may be used.
1. What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files or pieces of information that are stored on your computer or mobile device (such as a smartphone or tablet) when you visit our Site. A cookie will usually contain the name of the website/application from which the cookie has come from, the duration of the cookie (i.e. how long the cookie will remain on your device), and a value, which is usually a randomly generated unique number.
2. Why do we use Cookies?
We use Cookies to make our Site easier to use and to better tailor our Site and our products to your interests and needs.Cookies can do this because our Site can read and write these files, enabling them to recognise you and remember important information that will make your use of our Site more convenient (for example by remembering preference settings).Cookies may also be used to help speed up your future activities and experience on our Site. We also use Cookies to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our Site and to help us improve the structure and content of our Site.
3. What are the different types of Cookies we use?
Persistent Cookies are used to save your login information and remember your settings for future logins to our Site. A persistent Cookie is a cookie stored as a file on your computer, and it remains there when you close your web browser. The Cookie can be read by the Site that created it when you visit it again.Session ID Cookies are used to enable certain features of our Site and services, to better understand how you interact with our Site and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing. Unlike persistent Cookies, session Cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser. They usually store an anonymous session identifier on your computer allowing you to browse a website / application (for example) without having to log in to each page.First party Cookies are our own Cookies, which we use to improve your experience. They are associated with a user’s Personal Data. No third party has access to the information we collect through our own Cookies.Third party Cookies are Cookies placed on our Site by third parties to provide their services, including advertising Cookies. They set Cookies (third party Cookies) on your device on our behalf when you visit our Site to allow them to deliver the services they are providing. You will find more information about these Cookies in their privacy policies.
You will find below a list of the different types of Cookies we use on our Site. To the extent information collected through Cookies constitutes Personal Data, the provisions in the Online Privacy Policy apply in addition to this Cookie Policy.
a. Essential Cookies
Essential Cookies are Cookies which are strictly necessary for our Site to work and to use its services and features. Without these Cookies, our Site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like it to and we may not be able to provide the Site or certain services or features thereof you request.
We also use technical Cookies which allow our Site to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) for customization and personalization purposes. These Cookies do not gather any information about you that will be used for advertising or to remember your browsing activity on the internet.
These Cookies are necessary to the operation of our Site and therefore you cannot opt-out to their use.
Who is placing the cookie ?TypeDescription/purposePernod RicardSession cookieCookie Policy Visibility Cookies: Pernod Ricard installs a cookie on your computer which indicates whether or not you have been informed of the use of Cookies through a banner notice being displayed, and then whether you have indicated your consent to the use of Cookies by continuing to use the website/application or service, so that the banner will not continue to show every time you visit a page.Pernod RicardSession or Persistent cookie (if you have ticked the box “remember me”)Age gate cookie: Pernod Ricard installs a cookie on your computer which will keep the information you filled on the age gate screen.Pernod RicardSession cookieJavascript cookie: Pernod Ricard installs a cookie which indicates whether or not your browser can use Javascript
These Cookies are necessary to the operation of our Site, are considered as non-privacy intrusive Cookies improving internet experience and therefore you cannot opt-out to their use.
b. Analytics Cookies
Our Site may also use Google Analytics Cookies. These third-party Cookies collect information about how you use and move around our Site. For example, these will keep track of what pages are most visited, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the Site, to track users’ movements around our Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Our Site uses the following analytical Cookies:
Who is placing the cookie ?TypeDescription/purposeGooglePersistent and session ID CookiesGoogle Analytics: The Cookies Google Analytics work together to give us information about how people use our Site.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics Cookies on all the websites you visit, go to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.To opt out of being tracked only on this Site, use the !!Cookie Set Up Tool – add a link!!.
4. How long are Cookies stored?
Cookies will have a maximum retention period after being placed on the user’s terminal as required by applicable law.
5. How to control Cookies on our Site?
Except for Cookies which qualify as essential, the Cookies described above will be installed on your computer only if you expressly consent to them.
Should you wish to make your own choice, please use the link to the !!Cookie Set Up Tool – add a link!! which is also accessible from the banner to consent/turn off non-essential Cookies on our Site, by clicking the relevant button as it will appear on the menu as follows:
Analytics Cookies to analyze our web audience
You can also control how your browser uses Cookies and your browser’s ‘Help’ function should be able to tell you how to do this. All Cookies can easily be rejected using such manner, except the Javascript cookie.
Please note that if you turn off or disable Cookies, you may not be able to login to your account, view content or use other features of our Site and may find that parts of our Site either do not function at all or behave unexpectedly.
If you use different devices to view and access our Site (e.g. your computer, smartphone, tablet etc.) you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
6. How to contact us?
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our use of Cookies please contact HC_contact@havana-club.com.
Last Update: October 30, 2020
Discover more about us
Be the first to know
about new collaborations, products and events
Subscribe to newsletter