http://www.tefaf.com/vip-privacy-statement
Disclaimer
Please note that the content on the website may be used for press purposes when covering the TEFAF art fair. The usage rights are at publication's discretion. It cannot be guaranteed that the objects currently shown on the website will pass TEFAF vetting which takes place shortly prior to the opening of the Fair.
Agree and download
VIP Privacy statement
Effective Date: December 9th, 2019
TEFAF VIP PRIVACY STATEMENT
In order for you to enjoy the benefits of your TEFAF VIP-status, TEFAF needs to process your personal information.Therefore, by activating your VIP-account, you agree with the processing by TEFAF of your personal information:
in accordance with TEFAF’s general Privacy Statement and
in accordance with this VIP Privacy Policy.
Where reference is made to TEFAF, this refers to Stichting The European Fine Art Foundation, registered in Maastricht, the Netherlands, or TEFAF New York LLC, a Delaware, United States limited partnership.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION IS COLLECTED AND HOW IS IT OBTAINED?
We obtain personal information from you in either of the following ways:
through submission of personal information by an exhibitor at TEFAF who considers you as a VIP. Exhibitors may only submit your personal information to us with your consent.
By your own submission of personal information to us.
By processing your personal information in the manner indicated in this VIP Privacy Policy.
Your name, home or business address, email address, telephone number and affiliation are considered personal information that we may need for providing services in connection with your VIP-status. We will collect information in respect of your communications with us, for instance when you visit a fair, subscribe to our newsletter or to a VIP event, create an account, submit a comment or question to us, send us an e-mail, or in any other way submit personal information to us. If you contact us, we may keep a record of the information you provide to us, including any personal information.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In addition to the use of your personal information as described in TEFAF’s general Privacy Policy, the following entities have access to your personal information:
Only authorized TEFAF team members to service the Exhibitors and VIPs
The exhibitor who has submitted your personal information to TEFAF
You (through the online VIP portal).
FOR WHAT SPECIAL PURPOSES WILL WE USE VIP INFORMATION
Your personal information will be included and processed in our Central Invitation System and as a VIP you may receive invitations from us for fair-previews, opening events and third-party events and we may provide you with information-, marketing- and third party sponsor-materials specifically for TEFAF VIPs.
OPTING OUT
You may request us at any time to delete you from our VIP database effective immediately. We will close your VIP account and delete your personal information. You will no longer receive VIP communications from us.
HOW TO CONTACT US
You can contact us at:
TEFAF (The European Fine Art Fair Foundation)
Dijsselhofplantsoen 14
1077 BL Amsterdam
The Netherlands
T +31 20 303 64 00
info@tefaf.com
or:
1 Rockefeller Plaza, 11th floor
New York, NY 10020
USA
info@tefafny.com
We use cookies on our website to give you the best experience. Read more about our cookie policy.
Accept
Modify