https://www.boss-inc.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Please Donate to Support the BOSS Emergency Fund
Privacy & Security
Welcome to the boss-inc.com website (the “Website”) of the Boulder Outdoor Survival School, Inc. (“BOSS”). Thank you for visiting and we hope you have a great time.
It is important to us that you, and all of our visitors, have the best possible experience while using our Website, and that when you use this Website you are fully aware of our respective legal rights and obligations. For that reason, we have created this Privacy Policy as the legally binding terms that will govern your use of this Website. By visiting the Website, you agree to abide by these Policies. If you do not wish to be bound by these Policies and the Terms and Conditions of Use, you may not use the Website and must immediately cease use of the Website. Please read these Policies and the Terms and Conditions of Use carefully. We make this Website available to the public subject to the following terms, policies and guidelines.
Privacy Policy. Boss-inc.com (”BOSS”) respects the privacy of every individual and is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) provides information on the manner in which your personal information obtained through your use of https://www.boss-inc.com related sites (together, the “Website”) is processed and used on this Website. Boss-inc.com uses your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. In addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy, please read our Terms and Conditions of Use. Your use of the Website constitutes agreement to its terms and conditions. This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected on sites linked to from the Website.
Information Collected. Boss-inc.com collects personal information from you (for example, your name, email address, and other data) when you provide personal data through our Website. The Website generally collects personally identifying information with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you register for any portion of our service, you are asked to provide information such as your email address and name. Optional information such as your age or gender may also be requested. Boss-inc.com reserves the right to use information gathered by it for any and all purposes. Boss-inc.com may sell or share email addresses and all other information with our affiliates and with carefully selected companies whom we think can offer you services and products of interest to you. If you do not wish to have your information shared, write to us at webmaster@boss-inc.com. If you do not wish to receive future commercial communications from us by e-mail, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the email.
Third Party Access. We allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance or forums and search software, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. We also may provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests. While Boss-inc.com will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, Boss-inc.com does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties. There also may be occasion when we are legally required to provide access to our database in order to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings. In those instances, the information is provided only for that purpose. While your individual information is protected as outlined above, we reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners.
Use of Information. Your information is stored in a secured database and is used for purposes of providing you with information requested by you, providing for a follow up with you in connection with materials you request and as a part of our mailings and solicitations to prospective customers. The information you provide also may be utilized for market research purposes, for project planning or for development of prospect lists for marketing. Please note that all email that originates from us will either display the https://www.boss-inc.com domain name or an affiliated domain name. If you receive an unsolicited email that you believe is connected with us in any way, please forward the email (as an enclosure) to webmaster@boss-inc.com.
Unsolicited Email (SPAM). You should be aware, however, that unscrupulous marketers can sometimes “harvest” your email address directly from your computer or another person’s address book or even obtain your email address through programs that automatically search web pages and email traffic for email addresses. Boss-inc.com also may disclose or exchange with others information you have provided to us if we believe that the law requires us to do so or if it is necessary to protect the rights or property of Boss-inc.com, our affiliate companies, our staff, or our users.
Information Automatically Collected. In addition, we automatically receive and collect certain types of information whenever you visit our Website. For example, like many websites, we use “cookies” and web beacons to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Website. We use this information to monitor the usage and performance of our Website, to enhance our visitors’ experiences and to determine aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns. We also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Website, and to communicate with you after you have sent us emails. If you send us emails, from time to time we may use information about your preferences and interests to send updates to you about Boss-inc.com, its services, listing, special offers, or information that may be of interest to you. Some of our advertisers occasionally serve you cookies as well. We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers. If you do not want any cookies, your web browser likely includes an option that allows you to not accept them. However, if you set your browser to refuse cookies, some portions of the Website may not function properly.
Security. Boss-inc.com will use reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure and not to disclose such information to any third parties . However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that may receive the information. Access to your personal information is limited to people who need it to do their job. For example, if we need to mail something to you, we must share your name and address with a direct mail company. We limit such third parties in their access and use of your personal information.
Linked Web Sites. Our Website includes links to other websites operated and maintained by separate companies. We have no responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. Those websites may have different privacy policies. If you click through to another website, you should check the privacy policy of that website, which will usually (but not always) be posted on the website. Boss-inc.com is not responsible for the privacy policies of other sites.
Children. This Website is directed to adults and is not directed to children under the age of 18. Boss-inc.com complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and does not permit registration by and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 13. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 must get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before making purchases, including subscriptions, on this Website. If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Website, they may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so. This Privacy Policy will be posted on the Website.
Changes to Information. We need your help in making sure your personal information is correct in our systems. Please notify us of changes to your name, address, title, phone number or email address. You may correct your personal information or select the option not to receive future Boss-inc.com contacts (for example, mailings, calls, etc.) by emailing us at the address below. In the event you elect not to receive any future contacts Boss-inc.com, we will endeavor to remove your name from all of our contact lists; however, we can only promise to endeavor to remove you from any lists we control. We shall have no liability under this Privacy Policy for our failure to accomplish this objective.
Your Consent. By using our Website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post any changes on this page.
IP Address. Your Internet Protocol (”IP”) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, gather broad demographic information, and administer our Website.
Entire Agreement. This Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use constitute the entire agreement between us and you with respect to the Website. No prior or current agreements or communications between the parties will have any effect as part of this agreement or as a separate continuing agreement.
Contacting Us. You may contact us at the following address: webmaster (at) boss-inc (dot) com
Search
Course Schedule
Travel to BOSS
Fitness and Training
Health and Safety
Tuition Assistance
Registration Policies
Survival Course FAQ
Mailing List
Get survival knowledge, course offerings, and updates in your inbox.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Join our community to receive exclusive survival knowledge, news, and discounts in your inbox.
Join Now