http://www.slroc.co.uk/privacy/
Home
About
What is the club?
Foundation of the club
Committee
Magazine
Forms & Regs
Events
Results
TYRO
RTV
CCV
Comp Safari
Mudmaster
Leaf Sprung Trial
Gallery
Forum
Membership
How to enter an Event
PrivacySCOTTISH LAND ROVER OWNERS’ CLUB LTD
PRIVACY NOTICE
The Scottish Land Rover Owners’ Club LTD (SLROC Ltd) respects your privacy and we will only use your information in the way we describe in this notice.
When using your information we aim to be fair and transparent, and to follow our obligations under UK data protection laws.
Your information is used for administering club membership, activities and competitions.
SLROC Ltd is the data controller for the purpose of GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Our address is: Spire View, Birdston, Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, G66 1RN.
Our club contact for privacy and data is the Membership Secretary, who may be contacted by writing to: GPDR, at the above address.
Collecting your Information
We collect your information when you fill in membership application or renewal forms, competition event entry forms, or landowner agreements. You can give us your information using paper forms or online forms.
The information you give us may include your contact details (name, address, telephone number, email address), personal information and identifiers (date of birth, membership number, competition licence number),and other information (e.g. vehicle details).
When you give us information about another person, such as a child, parent, guardian, or emergency contact you should let that person know that you have given us the information.
If you are under 18 years old, we will also ask for information from your parent or guardian.
Using your information
We use your information when you first apply to become a member of the Scottish Land Rover Owners’ Club and then to administer and renew your club membership, and provide you with member benefits. We also use your information when you enter club events. For competitions, we will publish some of your information in the programme and the results, which will be in the public domain.
Your information is used in these ways to fulfil our contract with you.
We may ask you for emergency contact and next of kin details which we will only use in an emergency, and which is use for a legitimate interest. You should let the contact and next of kin know that you have given this information to us.
We might use your information to send you marketing messages by email, but only if you have agreed that we can do this by giving us your clear consent – and you can change your mind at any time just by letting us know.
We will not sell your information to another organisation.
To support your lifetime relationship with motor sport and the Scottish Land Rover Owners’ Club we may keep your information indefinitely, unless you ask us to delete it.
Sharing your Information
We may share your information with the Motor Sports Association as required by its General Regulations for governing motor sport, with other MSA Registered Clubs, with medical personnel, or any other person if we have to comply with a legal obligation.
We may also share your information with service providers, for example to print programmes.
Our website
When you use our club website we may collect information about you, in particular your IP (Internet Protocol) address, by using cookies. We use this information to improve your web experience.
Cookies help us to recognise you when you return to the website, and they may also help you to login securely to our web-based services, including on line entry and payment.
For more detail about how we use cookies please go to our Cookie Policy.
The club website might contain links to other websites such as online entry and payment sites, partners, and advertisers. If you follow links to other websites please review the privacy policy for each site because we are not responsible for information you share on those sites.
Security for your information
Your information is held securely by us. We have taken all reasonable steps, and have in place appropriate security measures, to protect your information. Your information is not transferred outside the European Economic Area.
Your rights
You may ask us not to process your information for marketing purposes.
You are entitled to a copy of the information we hold about you, and to ask us to correct any inaccuracies.
You may ask us to stop using your information, and to delete it, although we may maintain a skeleton set of your information. If you ask us to do this we will not be able to continue our contract with you.
You may make a complaint to the Information Commissioner (www.ico.org.uk).
This privacy notice was last updated on 1st May 2018; we will communicate any future changes to you.