https://www.johnnyroadtrip.com/privacy/
Privacy
Your use of Johnnyroadtrip.com constitutes your acceptance of the johnnyroadtrip.com Privacy Policy outlined below.
Johnnyroadtrip.com may modify the policy at any time by posting it on the site.
johnnyroadtrip.com is aware of visitor concerns about privacy and confidentiality.
We are committed to maintaining your privacy.
Johnnyroadtrip may collect certain information about visitors during registration or other processes.  This information may be compiled and analyzed so that we may learn more about our visitors, and provide features and content on our site that will be useful to them.
Certain information, such as email addresses, may be used to contact visitors only with their consent.  Users who do not wish to be contacted by johnnyroadtrip.com
will not be contacted.
It is the policy of johnnyroadtrip.com to treat any personal information received from visitors as confidential.  johnnyroadtrip.com
will not sell or reveal any visitor’s personal information to any third party.
Data that has been compiled may be used to disseminate information about our visitor population as a whole, but this information will never contain names, addresses, email addresses, or any other information that can be linked to a specific user.
johnnyroadtrip.com
provides links to other web sites as a convenience to our visitors.
Such links do not imply the endorsement by johnnyroadtrip.com of the external site, the company that owns it, or the products and services promoted and sold by that company or on that site.
Johnnyroadtrip.com is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such sites.
johnnyroadtrip.com
may attempt to send “cookies” to a visitor’s browser in order to make usage of johnnyroadtrip.com easier and more efficient.  Cookies are small text files that store information that can be accessed by a website to set field values automatically or to identify a visitor when the site
is accessed.
Cookies are initially set to be accepted by a web browser but may be disabled by the user.  In such cases, some functionality of johnnyroadtrip.com may be lost.
At no time will johnnyroadtrip.com attempt to use cookies in such a way that violates the privacy of our visitors.
If you have questions or suggestions about this privacy policy or any other aspect of johnnyroadtrip.com, please send an email to autaubo.bladt[at]johnnyroadtrip.com,
and we will respond as quickly as possible.
This
Privacy Policy was last updated on Friday, January 26, 2020.
Comments are closed.