http://www.lego.com/en-us/page/terms-and-conditions
PreviousLast date for Express Delivery by Christmas is 12/22 at 12:00pm EST.Learn moreLast date for Express Delivery by Christmas is 12/22 at 12:00pm EST.Learn moreFREE Ice Skating Rink with purchases over $150			*Shop nowFREE Ice Skating Rink with purchases over $150			*Shop nowOrder volumes are high so deliveries may take longerLearn moreOrder volumes are high so deliveries may take longerLearn moreNextHomeTerms & ConditionsTerms & ConditionsImprint
LEGO Brand Retail, Inc.
100 Print Shop Road
Enfield, CT 06082
United States
Mailing address:
P.O. Box 1138
Enfield, CT 06083-1138
United Stated of America
Telephone (English/Spanish): 1-800-453-4652
Telephone (French): 1-877-518-5346
E-mail: ShopTermsAndConditions@LEGO.com
Why are these Terms and Conditions of Sale important to me?
These Terms and Conditions are important to you because they apply to all orders that you place with LEGO Brand Retail, Inc. through LEGO.com (the “LEGO Shop”) for delivery in the United States (including its territories and possessions) and Canada . Additional terms may apply to certain products, such as software.
We strongly recommend that you read these Terms and Conditions carefully before submitting your order to us. 1. How does it work?Who am I placing my order with?
When you make a purchase through the LEGO Shop, you are placing the order with LEGO Brand Retail, Inc., 100 Print Shop Road, Enfield, CT 06082.
Any reference to "we", "us" or "our" means LEGO Brand Retail, Inc., and any reference to "you" or "your" means you as a customer. References to "I" and "my" in the theme questions do also mean you as a customer.
Please note that the LEGO Shop is intended for consumers to purchase items for personal use, not for resale or commercial use.
LEGO and the LEGO logo are trademarks of the LEGO Group ©2020 The LEGO Group.
Can I make a purchase through the LEGO Shop if I am under 18 years or do not possess full legal capacity?
No, we do not sell products through the LEGO Shop for purchase by children. If you are under 18 years or do not possess full legal capacity, you may only use the LEGO Shop website under supervision and with the consent of your parent or guardian.
How do I place my order in the online LEGO Shop?
You can select products and add them to a virtual shopping bag via the button "Add to Bag". If the “Add to Bag” button is replaced with a “Back Order” button, you can process the order by clicking the “Back Order” button, but the item will not ship until it is available.
When am I entering into a binding agreement?
When you order through the LEGO Shop, you will have the opportunity to review, correct and delete your data before you place the order. By clicking on the button "Buy", or otherwise confirming your order, you are making a binding offer to purchase the products you have added to the virtual shopping bag.
Once you have ordered your products from the LEGO Shop, we will send you an automatic confirmation of receipt. This does not mean that the order has been accepted.
When you place your order with us, you are making an offer to buy, which is accepted by us when you receive a shipping confirmation email confirming the details of the ordered products, your online payment and delivery. It is, therefore, essential that you submit an accurate email address when placing your order.
Can I refuse to agree to the Terms and Conditions and still make a purchase?
No, you will only be able to place an order if you agree to these Terms and Conditions.  In order to place an order through the LEGO Shop, you must agree to these Terms and Conditions by clicking the box "I agree to the Terms and Conditions".
What if the ordered products are not in stock?
We cannot guarantee that all the ordered products are available in our inventory at all times.
We may make partial deliveries of products included in the same order if the products can be used separately. We will bear any additional shipping costs in such circumstances, and you will not be charged any extra costs due to partial deliveries.
We will inform you as quickly as possible if a product is not available or cannot be delivered on time. If the product will not be available in the foreseeable future, we reserve the right not to accept your offer.
In the Bricks & Pieces selection, we are not able to accept orders for parts that are temporarily unavailable. Should your order include such a part, we will remove the unavailable item from your order. We will communicate to you, if possible, when we expect to have any unavailable items back in stock so that you may place a new order for these items.
What if I want the products sent somewhere other than my address?
It is possible for you to request delivery to an address other than your billing address. In these cases we will not include the price or billing details to the delivery address, since we will assume that the delivery is a gift to the recipient. Your pricing information will be included in your shipping confirmation email.
Should I save a copy of the documents relating to my order?
Yes, we encourage you to print or save a copy of these Terms and Conditions, your online payment information and shipping confirmation email, in case you need to contact us with any questions about your order. The shipping confirmation email will include a copy of these Terms and Conditions.
If you notice that any of the information emailed to you is incorrect, please contact us immediately so we can correct it.
How do you process my personal data?
You can find details regarding storage, review and updates of your personal data in our Privacy Policy.2. How do you process my personal data?Unless otherwise explicitly opted into by you elsewhere (e.g. a cookie consent, VIP or LEGO ID sign-up, newsletter sign-up), we only collect, use, store and share the following data from you in connection with your order on LEGO.com:
* Your name, delivery address, billing address and contact details like your phone number and email address
* If you have a LEGO ID, we also register your LEGO ID with the order and your order history
* If you are a VIP member, we register your VIP card number with the order and, if relevant, register VIP points earned/rewards redeemed
* Your payment details, as appropriate, and we will share those with your chosen payment provider as well as our payment processing partner. Please note that with some payment providers (e.g. PayPal) the personal information you provided to that payment provider may overwrite e.g. invoicing details we have on record for you. For more information please see "How do I pay?" section.
We will use, store and share your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy and will in regards to your order, use and share the personal information provided by you to:
* Fulfill and manage your order including sharing your personal information with our trusted 3rd parties providing us with warehousing, packing, shipping and delivery services, fraud detection and prevention services and debt collection services
* If relevant, adjust your VIP point balance
* Provide you with support via customer service
* Store your personal information with our trusted cloud storage partners
* Send you a post purchase survey via email including sharing your personal information with our trusted 3rd parties providing us with research and survey services
* Send you product catalogue via post including sharing your personal information with our trusted 3rd parties providing us with mailing and postal services
Please note that for the purpose of performing and delivering fraud detection and prevention services to us, our partner uses automated decision making in processing your personal information. You can request a manual review of the accuracy of an automated decision if you are unhappy with it.
You can find details regarding data collection, use, storage, retention, deletion, automated decision making processes, who we share your data with and when, data review and updates of your personal data in our Privacy Policy.3. How should I understand the prices on LEGO Shop?How is the pricing of my order determined?
The pricing of your LEGO order is determined by the country to which you are shipping. If your order is shipped to the United States, all pricing is in US dollars. If your order is shipped to Canada, all pricing is in Canadian dollars.
If my LEGO order will be shipped to the United States, will taxes be included in the final price?
Yes, an estimate of the applicable sales tax will be listed on the checkout page. The exact amount of sales tax charged will be calculated when your order is submitted and will be listed in your order confirmation. Sales taxes is calculated on the merchandise total, including shipping & handling charges when required by State law.
We are required by law to collect sales tax on shipments to the following states: Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, and Wisconsin.
If my LEGO order will be shipped to Canada, will taxes be included in the final price?
Yes, appropriate GST/HST, Quebec sales tax, British Columbia PST, Manitoba RST and Saskatchewan PST will be added based on the province to which your order is being shipped. Pricing includes any cost for duties. The taxes are shown in the virtual shopping bag and in the order review, so you can see the costs before placing the order.
Are delivery costs included in the prices?
No, delivery costs are not included in the prices. Such costs will be added to your orders. The delivery costs are shown in the virtual shopping bag and in the order review, so you can see the costs before placing the order.
When you place an order from the Bricks & Pieces or Pick a Brick sections of the LEGO Shop, special shipping and handling fees will be added to the price. These special fees will be indicated in the virtual shopping bag before the order is placed.
What if the website shows a wrong price?
We do our best to ensure that all prices on our website are accurate. However, errors can sometimes occur. If we discover an error in the price of products you have ordered, we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you or you do not reconfirm the order, the order will be cancelled.4. How do I pay?Which credit cards can I use?
You can use the following credit cards to pay for products from the LEGO Shop: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover (in the United States only—we do not accept Discover in Canada). For additional information, please see the Payment Methods section of our LEGO Shop.
What is the process when I use my credit card in the LEGO Shop?
When you use your credit card, the card will be pre-authorized for payment at the time of ordering. As part of this authorization process, your bank may place a hold on your account for the purchase amount of the order. The hold will be removed after a number of days determined by your bank. Check with your payment card provider for additional details.
When will LEGO Brand Retail, Inc. charge my credit card?
LEGO Brand Retail, Inc. will charge the amount for the items when they have been shipped.
Can I use PayPal?
Yes. If you select PayPal as your payment method, you will be taken to the PayPal website to login to your account. You will then be returned to the LEGO.com to complete the checkout process. Please know that when you select “Check out with PayPal” from the Shopping Bag page, the delivery address you have with PayPal either by default or by choice, takes precedence over the delivery address registered for your account on LEGO.com. Thus, you must ensure that the PayPal delivery address is the correct address for the delivery of your LEGO Shop purchases. LEGO System A/S / LEGO Brand Retail Inc. shall not be liable if the delivery address listed in the PayPal account used by you is not your current or correct address.
Can I use direct debit?
No, we do not accept direct debit.
Can I pay by invoice?
No, you cannot pay by invoice.
How do I use my VIP Points when paying for an order?
If you are a LEGO VIP member, you can use your VIP Points to qualify for discounts on qualifying purchases made through the LEGO Shop. Please see the conditions for using VIP Points in the terms and conditions for the LEGO VIP Program here.
For more information about our VIP program, please see the VIP section of our LEGO Shop.
Can I pay by check?
We apologize, but LEGO.com does not accept checks, money orders or purchase orders.5. How are my orders delivered?When can I expect to receive my orders?
Delivery times vary and depend on the delivery address for your order.  In general, you may expect to receive your order within 10 business days.  For further details and an estimated date of delivery, please see the Shipping and Handling section of the LEGO Shop. You may also see the estimated delivery time in your virtual shopping bag.
Orders from the Pick A Brick and from the Bricks & Pieces selections are shipped separately from other orders.
Will I be charged for delivery costs?
Yes, delivery costs will be added to the prices of the ordered products. Shipping costs vary depending on the value or your order. You can see the delivery costs in your virtual shopping bag and in the order review.
How will LEGO Brand Retail, Inc. help me if I am missing a part of a LEGO set?
If your new LEGO set is missing parts or has faulty parts, we replace these parts free of charge though our Bricks & Pieces service.
We strive to make this free replacement available in the United States (including its territories and possessions) and Canada, but reserve the right to change the availability of the Bricks & Pieces service at any time without prior notice.
We strive to deliver Bricks & Pieces orders within 7-10 days for the continental United States, and 17-22 days for Canada. Deliveries to territories and possessions may take longer.
What if my orders are delayed?
We make every possible effort to deliver products within the estimated timescales as indicated in your virtual shopping bag and order review. However, delays can sometimes happen due to unforeseen events beyond our control.
If your order is delayed, you will be informed of this as quickly as possible.
You agree to let us deliver within an additional period of time appropriate to the circumstances. If we fail to deliver the products within that additional period of time, you are entitled to cancel your order. In such cases, you will, of course, not be charged for any unshipped products. If you want to cancel your orders, please contact our Customer Service.
What if the products are damaged during transport?
If your products are damaged during transport, we will be responsible for such damages.
'During transport' refers to the period during transport until you or someone appointed by you, other than the carrier, has taken physical possession of the products.
If you choose to return the products (regardless of the situation), you will be responsible for damage to the products caused during return transport.6. What should I do if I am not satisfied with my order and/or my experience with the LEGO Shop?What should I do if I am not satisfied with my order?
If for any reason you are not entirely satisfied with an order, please contact Customer Service. Our Customer Service will work with you to try to find the best solution to make you satisfied with your order from the LEGO Shop. You may also review the Your Satisfaction guidelines.
Call us free of charge from the United States or Canada at 1-800-835-4386 for assistance in English or 1-877-518-5346 for assistance in French (when calling the free phone number from a mobile phone you may be charged by your mobile phone operator). You can also find additional contact details specific to your country on LEGO.com/service.
On occasion, we record telephone conversations when complaints are made to ensure quality in our handling of customer complaints. You will be informed of this before the recording starts.
How may I return a product?
You may return LEGO products under the terms of our Return Policy.
Email us: click here
Please keep any faulty or broken items until you have received your replacement from us. This is important, since we may ask you to return the faulty or broken items to our Quality Department for inspection. After all, we want to make sure the error does not happen again. If we ask you to return something to us, we will pay for your shipping fees.
Can I exchange my gift card for cash?
No, gift cards cannot be exchanged for cash, unless required by law.7. Are there any other things I should know about?How does electronic communication between me and LEGO Brand Retail, Inc. work?
When visiting the LEGO Shop or sending emails to our Customer Service team, you are communicating electronically with us.  We communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the website. For contractual purposes you consent to receive electronic non-marketing communications from us, and agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other electronic communications that we provide satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. When placing an order, you may also elect to receive marketing and other communications from us. This clause does not affect any statutory rights you might have.
To what extent is LEGO Brand Retail, Inc. liable?
(Not Applicable to Quebec consumers) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS IS LIMITED TO REPAIR, REPLACEMENT OR REFUND AS DESCRIBED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS,  AND  OUR LIABILITY WILL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEED THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE DEFECTIVE PRODUCT OR SERVICE THAT YOU HAVE PURCHASED THROUGH THE LEGO SHOP, NOR WILL WE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOSSES, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT.
For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall not preclude your recovery of damages for personal injury, loss or damage to personal property, or unauthorized use or disclosure of personally identifiable information caused by our negligence, gross negligence, recklessness, fraud or other willful, unconscionable or intentional misconduct. Nothing herein shall be construed to limit the clearly established legal right of a consumer to recover attorneys’ fees or other remedies afforded by statute or other law.
What can I expect from the images of the products I see on the website?
The images of the products on our website are for illustrative purposes only. We try hard to portray the items on our website accurately, however slight variations may occur. All measurements quoted are approximate and the reproduction of colours is as accurate as photographic and publishing processes will allow. Please note there may be variations in colours dependent on the calibration and settings of individual screens. Attention to detail is very important to us. Still, typing errors can happen. In such cases, we’ll correct the error and follow the correct information.
Can I use any product I buy on the website for commercial purposes?
No, products sold through the LEGO Shop are for use by consumers only; products sold through the LEGO Shop must not be used for commercial purposes such as promotional campaigns, marketing or public relations. In addition, you may not associate any LEGO product or part thereof with any other company's name or logo.  For more details, please see our Fair Play Policy.
What if parts of these Terms and Conditions are deemed unlawful or invalid?
Should any part of these Terms and Conditions be deemed unlawful and/or invalid and thus not enforceable, this will not affect the validity and enforcement of the remainder of the Terms and Conditions.
What law will apply?
These Terms and Conditions and all matters arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, United States of America, without regard to the conflict of law provisions thereof to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of the laws or any jurisdiction other than those of the State of New York. As you are contracting as a consumer, this will not affect your statutory rights.