http://www.niagaraskydive.com/privacy-policy
Niagara Skydive Centre Inc. Privacy Policy
Effective: August 20, 2014
NIAGARA SKYDIVE CENTRE INC. (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it. We keep certain basic information when you inquire about, or use our services, and therefore recognize the importance of keeping that information secure and letting you know what we will do with it.
This policy only applies to our direct dealings and business with you. If you deal with a third-party retailer or reseller, you will be subject to the policy of that service provider. We have no control over that policy or the terms of use/service of any third-party retailer or reseller, and it is your responsibility to read and accept those terms before accessing their services.
Information We May Collect From You
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Information that you provide by filling out registration forms and liability waivers. This includes your name, current residential and/or mailing address, telephone number, email address, and basic biometrics including your age and weight.
If you contact us via email, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
If you contact us via telephone, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may, from time to time, ask you questions about where you heard or us, or where you purchased your tickets from, if purchased from a third-party retailer.
Payment information, including credit card account numbers and expiry dates.
Photos and/or video of yourself.
IP Addresses and Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual. We will not collect personal information in this way.
We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us:
To estimate the audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and to allow us to customize our site according to your individual interests.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your internet browser which allows you to refuse cookies.
Where We Will Store Your Personal Data
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a location outside of our business location and primary office. However, your information will only be used by, and accessed by, people who work for us and people who are directly providing you with a service offered by us. By providing your information, you agree to the transfer, storing and processing of your information by us. We will take all steps necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely.
All information you provide to us is stored securely. Paper documentation and liability waivers are locked in employee-only accessible areas, and all payment transactions are encrypted.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect any information that you send to us via email, we cannot guarantee the security of your information. Transmission of such information is at your sole risk. Once we have received your information, we will do our best to keep it secure.
Uses Made Of Your Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To provide you with professional, courteous, and personalized customer service.
To ensure that all of our activities are within the guidelines and practices set out by the Canadian Sport Parachute Association (CSPA).
To process payment and administer cancellation fees in accordance with our cancellation policy.
To provide you with, if requested, photos and/or video footage of your time with us.
To meet legal obligations.
We may use any information we have retained to defend ourselves in any legal action against the company, shareholders, directors, employees, landowners, aircraft owners, or any other service providers.
Disclosure Of Your Information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we make our services available for purchase via a third-party retailer.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, our customers, or others.
If we are presented with a legal document compelling us to provide information, such as a court order.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information. This must be communicated to us before any services have been rendered. In the case of telephone and electronic communication, you must inform us directly that you do not want any information about your correspondence kept on file.
Due to the nature of our business, we reserve the right to decline service to any customer who refuses to provide their personal information, or who refuses to sign their liability waiver. By not signing the document, personal information will be purged, and the document destroyed.
Access To Information
Customers are free to request to view the information that we have about them on file, including their liability waiver(s), appointment information, or any other document provided to us. An individual can only request to view their own information, and not the information of another person. Spousal status excluded.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time deemed necessary, without notice provided. It is your responsibility to understand our privacy policy, and to ensure that you are aware of any changes to our policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy are welcomed and should be addressed to DZ@niagaraskydive.com.