http://www.aanrwest.org/privacy
information@aanrwest.org
WomenFamiliesClub LocatorContact Us
Stay true to yourself, join the American Association for Nude Recreation today!Join AANR Today!
AANR West Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy applies to personal and other information that may be collected when you interact with the Company, which consists of (a). the American Association for Nude Recreation, Western Region, Inc. (and its subsidiaries, including their respective businesses and operations (collectively, "AANR WEST")); (b) businesses and operations managed or operated by AANR WEST; (c) websites owned, operated and managed by AANR WEST, including each website that links to this Privacy Policy, and any digital content stores operated by AANR WEST (collectively, " AANR WEST Websites"); and (d) AANR WEST devices ("Devices"), content, software and mobile applications ("Apps").
Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at AANR WEST, and we believe that a single, comprehensive privacy policy that is straightforward and clear is in the best interests of our customers and our businesses.
By interacting with AANR WEST in the manner described in this Privacy Policy at any time, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the application of this Privacy Policy to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of all your personal and other information as described.
These current privacy policies and the privacy practices described herein apply to personal information previously collected from you by AANR WEST and each of its subsidiaries, as well as personal information that they may collect from you in the future.
AANR WEST reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time, but you can be assured that, should it be necessary to do so, we will always do so in accordance with the AANR WEST Privacy Principles of Clarity, Security and Integrity. You will be notified of any material changes to this Privacy Policy which are less protective of customer information prior to such changes becoming effective. We may notify you of these changes by email reminders, by notice on this site, or by other acceptable means. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Clarity: We strive to communicate clearly about your privacy and how we handle your personal information.
Security: We follow security standards, processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information.
Integrity: We do not sell or rent your personal information and respect your preferences with respect to your personal information.
Here are several Frequently Asked Questions for our Privacy Policy and their answers.
1. What is the personal information that we collect?
Depending on how you choose to interact with AANR WEST, we may collect personal information from you, for example your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, phone number, credit card or bank account information, date of birth and other persistent identifiers that can be used to personally identify you. We may also collect other personal information regarding your interaction with AANR WEST Websites, Devices and Apps, including usage information, the items that you browse, purchase, download, read, watch and otherwise access, and your geographic location.
2. Why do we collect personal information?
We collect your personal information in an effort to provide you with a superior customer experience and, as necessary, to administer our business. It allows us to provide you with easy access to our products and services, with a particular focus on the items and programs that may be of most interest to you. For more information as to why we collect personal information, please see the section below entitled: "How do we use your personal information?"
Your personal information also allows us to communicate with you about special offers, promotions, and other marketing programs and news that may be of interest to you. You always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from promotional emails by following the instructions included in each marketing email or by changing your preferences in your account. You may unsubscribe from mobile notifications by changing your settings in the Apps or on your AANR WEST or third-party device.
3. How do we collect your personal information?
(a) Information that you provide to us
As a general matter, you can browse on the AANR WEST Website without submitting your personal information to us, although we may receive and collect certain personal information automatically, as outlined in Section 3(b) of this Privacy Policy, including site analytics regarding our websites, information your Internet browser automatically sends when you visit our websites, and information collected by cookies.
However, there are a number of circumstances in which you may need to provide us with your personal information. The most common of these circumstances include:
Making a purchase or placing an order
Creating an account
Using AANR WEST Websites, Devices and Apps
Contacting customer service
Additional AANR WEST Website, Device or App Features
Interacting with social networking sites
Entering a sweepstakes or contest
Signing up for promotional communications
For your convenience, we have provided a summary description of each of these circumstances below.
Making a purchase or placing an order
When you make a purchase, or place an order online or purchase, download, rent or stream digital books, periodicals, movies, television shows and other digital content ("Digital Content"), you may need to submit personal information to us.
Creating an account
In order to use Devices, certain Apps and features of AANR WEST Website, or to purchase or access Digital Content, you may be required to create a password-protected user account and provide us with personal information when you do so. We will store and use this information to administer the programs and services in which you choose to participate, and as permitted by this Privacy Policy.
Using AANR WEST Websites, Devices and Apps
AANR WEST Websites, Devices and Apps may provide you with the ability to enter (either directly, or by authorizing AANR WEST to access the information from a third party such as a social networking site or application) certain information such as your contacts, calendar entries or photos, or images you may submit to us to help us locate products for you.
Contacting Customer Service
When you contact customer service, we may ask you to provide, or confirm, personal information so that we can better serve you.
Entering a sweepstakes or contest
If you enter a sweepstakes or contest we offer, we may ask you to provide personal information so that we can consider your entry and, if you win, so that you may redeem your prize.
Interacting with social networking sites
Our Devices and Apps may provide you with the ability to enter (directly, or by authorizing us to download the information from a third party such as a social networking site or application) personal information such as contacts or lists of friends. These or related applications may also allow you to provide information directly to social networking sites including information about your purchases, physical location, or comments.
Signing up for promotional communications
If you sign up to receive promotional communications or notifications from us, we may ask you to provide personal information so that we can provide these to you.
(b) Information automatically collected
There are circumstances in which we automatically receive and collect information from you. The most common sources of this information include:
Web server logs
Cookies
Pixel tags or clear GIFs
Targeted advertising
Your Device or Apps you use, including geolocation
Wireless networks operated by AANR WEST in retail stores
Social networking sites
Business partners, contractors, and other third parties
For your convenience, we have provided a summary description of each of these circumstances below.
Web server logs
When you visit a AANR WEST Website, our web servers may automatically log information that your browser sends us. For example, we may receive and collect: the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the date and time you access the AANR WEST Website; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the AANR WEST Website. We may also collect information regarding search queries run on the AANR WEST Website. We use this information to monitor the usage of the AANR WEST Websites and as necessary for our business.
Cookies
Like many online retailers, we and/or our third-party providers use cookies to recognize you as you use or return to the AANR WEST Websites. This is done so that we can personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience. "Cookies" are small files that are placed in your browser to collect information about your activities on a AANR WEST Website. Cookies help us to: (1) speed navigation, keep track of items in your shopping bag and provide you with content that is tailored to you; (2) remember information you gave us so that you do not have to re-enter it; (3) determine the effectiveness of some of our and our third-party partners' marketing efforts and communications; and (4) monitor the total number of visitors, pages viewed, and the total number of ads displayed.
Browsers are typically set to create cookies automatically. You can choose to have your browser notify you when cookies are being written to your computer or accessed, or you can disable cookies entirely. If you disable cookies, however, you will not be able to place items in a AANR WEST Website shopping bag, and therefore you will not be able to place an order with us online. Also, by not using cookies, some AANR WEST Website features and services may not function properly.
Pixel tags or clear GIFs
We may use sensing technologies that use pixel tags or clear GIFs (which are also called web beacons). These technologies allow us to determine the effectiveness of our e-mail and advertising and marketing efforts. For this purpose, we tie the pixel tags and clear GIFs to personally identifiable information. We may also collect information regarding the links within such marketing materials that you click on and purchase statistics regarding items you buy following receipt of such marketing.
Third party web analytics services
We work with third party service providers, including but not limited to Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics, to help us better understand how you use the AANR WEST Websites. These third-party service providers will place cookies in your browser to collect information such as how you were referred to the AANR WEST Website, how you navigate around the AANR WEST Website, what you purchase and what traffic is driven by various marketing methods. This information will help us to better serve you and provide you with more personalized information and product offerings. We do not allow third party service providers to collect your credit card information, e-mail address or password information. These third party service providers may only use your personal information to perform services for us and may not share your personal information with anyone else, or use it for any other purpose, except on an aggregated, non-personally identifiable basis.
To learn more about the privacy practices of Adobe, you may review its privacy policy located at www.adobe.com/privacy.html. To exercise your choice with respect to their collection of information on AANR WEST Websites, please visit www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.
To learn more about the privacy practices of Google, you may review its privacy policy located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/. To disable the Google Analytics cookie and other third-party web analytics service provider cookies, you can choose to have your browser notify you when cookies are being written to your computer or accessed, or you can disable cookies entirely.
Targeted advertising
We may partner with third party advertising networks that collect IP addresses, unique device identifiers (UDIDs), browser type, operating system, time zone, country, referring pages, and other information through the use of cookies, web server logs and pixel tags on AANR WEST Websites, Apps, emails and on third party websites and emails. They use this information to provide you with advertisements that are customized to your particular preferences, including for companies that are not affiliated with us. You may see these advertisements on AANR WEST Websites and third-party apps and websites, and across different devices you use. We may use this process to help us manage and improve the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. If you would like to learn more about the third-party advertisers that may be aware of the fact that you visit AANR WEST Websites or use our Apps, and to understand your opt-out choices, please visit the website of the National Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Please understand that AANR WEST does not control these third-party cookies, and you should check the privacy policies of third party advertising networks to see whether and how it uses cookies.
Your Device or Apps you use, including geolocation
When you use a Device or our Apps, we automatically collect information through the Device or App when it is connected to the Internet. For example, we may receive and collect information concerning device registration, operating system, settings, usage, firmware version, signal strength, search queries, network interaction, the name of the network from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the device you are using, unique device identifiers (UDIDs), downloads, sideloaded content, configuration, or service information relating to any malfunction of the Device or App. This may include information regarding your activity on such Devices or Apps, such as books or videos opened, date and time of use, time elapsed, page turns, bookmarks, annotations or customer reviews.
In addition, to provide location-based services on Devices or through Apps, AANR WEST and third party application providers may automatically collect real-time geographic location information or other location-based information about you and your Device or other mobile device on which the App is installed. This information may be used to provide certain device or application functionality or to offer, provide and improve products and services.
Social networking sites
We may provide you the ability to sign into a AANR WEST Website or App using a social networking account such as a Facebook, Twitter or Google account, or use your social networking accounts to share information from AANR WEST Websites, Devices or Apps. In these cases, as well as when you use a AANR WEST app on a social networking site or choose to join (or "like") a AANR WEST page on a social networking site, the social networking site may provide us with certain information about you, including but not limited to your contacts and other "likes". Please see the privacy policy for the applicable social networking site to learn more about how these sites share your personal information.
Business partners, contractors, and other third parties
We may collect personal information and other information about you from business partners, contractors and other third parties. This includes, but is not limited to, instances in which you affirmatively authorize third parties to provide us with information. Such information may be collected via, but not limited to, software applications that you download or use on your Device or that otherwise allow you to interact with the AANR WEST enterprise.
4. How do we use personal information?
AANR WEST uses your personal information across our enterprise to provide you with a superior customer experience and, as necessary, to administer our businesses. For example, we use your personal information to:
Provide you with products, services and information across the AANR WEST enterprise, including product and subject recommendations and other information in AANR WEST retail stores, through emails from our businesses, and on the AANR WEST Websites and online interactive communities, your Devices, Digital Content, Apps and software, and display associated content and advertising; Administer our programs; Provide customer service in stores, by telephone and online; Conduct research and perform analysis in order to measure, maintain, protect, develop and improve our products and services; Administer sweepstakes, contests, promotions or surveys and provide appropriate notifications; Communicate with you about special offers, events, or new products or services that may be of interest to you; Customize and enhance the AANR WEST Websites and advertising; Make communications necessary to notify you regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues; and Manage our business.
5. With whom do we share personal information?
Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at AANR WEST. AANR WEST DOES NOT SELL OR RENT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES.
Please note that your data may be transferred to or shared with a third party as part of a sale, merger, or acquisition of AANR WEST or one of its affiliates (see "Sales, Mergers, and Acquisitions" below).
AANR WEST shares your personal information with:
Other entities within the AANR WEST enterprise. AANR WEST owns and operates other operations and businesses and we may share your personal information with our other business units and operations, even if such business units or operations are sold.
Partners. We provide personal information to our partners that provide product and service offerings or technologies that we think may be of interest to you. Our partnerships may also result in products and services that allow you to publish Digital Content that may be shared with our partners. We may offer you the opportunity to opt-in to receive information from our partners, which may result in your personal information being shared with our partners. The use of your information by our partners and their vendors and contractors will be subject to the privacy policies of our vendors once such information is transferred.
Service providers, subcontractors and agents who perform services on our behalf. We provide personal information to third party service providers, subcontractors, and agents that work under contract on our behalf to provide certain services. These third parties do not have the right to use personal information we provide to them in any way that is not authorized by AANR WEST. They are contractually obligated to use such information only as necessary to assist us and to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information.
Third party providers of products and services. These are third parties that provide products and services you may purchase or request from or through us. These third parties do not have the right to use personal information we provide to them in any way that is not authorized by AANR WEST. They are contractually obligated to use such information only as necessary to assist us and to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information. Additionally, we may provide you with the opportunity to link your account with us to your Paypal account.
Third party membership programs. We may work with certain third-party entities to help them administer their own membership or rewards programs by providing them with purchasing information about their customers who make purchase from AANR WEST. We disclose only the information that is necessary to make these third-party programs work and to support your membership in them. This information usually includes your name and e-mail address as well as the dollar amount of the purchases made at AANR WEST. We require such entities to obtain your consent before we provide them with this information, which they usually do as part of their own membership or participation rules.
Credit card companies. Credit card transactions are handled by third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors who receive credit card numbers and other personal information from us to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions. Although AANR WEST's treatment of this information is governed by this policy, the use of your information by the third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors will be subject to their own privacy policies.
Law enforcement officials and as required by law. AANR WEST may release personal information to third parties when we determine, in our judgment, that it is necessary to (a) comply with the law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request; (b) enforce or apply the terms of any of our policies or user agreements; or (c) protect the rights, property or safety of AANR WEST, our employees, our customers, users, or others.
Co-branded offerings. In some instances, we may offer a service or feature that is co-branded by AANR WEST and a third party company. If you provide information in connection with such co-branded service or feature, that information may be shared between AANR WEST and the third party. Although AANR WEST's treatment of the information is governed by this policy, the third party's treatment of your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy.
Other websites operated by AANR WEST. In some instances, we may operate a AANR WEST Website on behalf of a third party. If you provide information in connection with a AANR WEST Website operated by AANR WEST on behalf of a third party, that information may be shared between AANR WEST and the third party. Although AANR WEST's treatment of the information is governed by this policy, the third party's treatment of your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy.
Sales, mergers, and acquisitions. If AANR WEST becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, restructuring, reorganization, or any form of sale or other disposition of some or all of its assets, personal information and your transaction history may be provided to the entities and advisors involved subject to a confidentiality agreement, and we will provide notice to you at your email address on file before any personal information is finally transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Such a transaction may involve us (i) retaining the right to continue to use transferred personal information in addition to the right of the transferee to use such information, and (ii) engaging in additional transfers of personal information (including new personal information) with the transferee from time to time following such a transaction.
Certain Digital Content providers. We may need to forward your name, email address, IP address, and shipping or billing address to certain content providers in connection with your order. The content providers may share this information with the applicable publisher and circulation auditors, and may use this information to fulfill your order and for other purposes. In these cases, the terms of the privacy policy of the publishers whose content you have purchased or downloaded will apply to you. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from these publishers, you must contact the publisher directly.
6. How do we secure personal information?
We take significant and appropriate security measures, including physical, technological and procedural measures, to help to safeguard your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access and disclosure. In addition, we may use industry-standard technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology in the transmission of certain sensitive personal information, designed to prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information, and, as technology develops, we intend to take additional measures to improve security.
We want you to feel confident whenever you visit us in our stores, on the AANR WEST Websites, or use AANR WEST Devices or Apps. While we are focused on the security of your personal information and follow strict standards, processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information, you must remember that the Internet is a global communications vehicle open to threats, viruses and intrusions from others and so we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that we will be able to protect your personal information at all times and in all circumstances.
7. How do we respect your choices about your personal information?
You may choose to opt out from receiving marketing and promotional communications from AANR WEST at any time by following the instructions below.
At any time, a customer may choose to opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each email and following the instructions, or by emailing us at webmaster@aarnwest.org.
Analytics & Targeted Advertising
You may choose to opt out of collection of automatically collected information, including cookies, Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics and targeted advertising, by following the instructions given in Section 3(b) above, or by using the functionality in your browser to reject cookies.
8. Whom do I contact if I have questions or concerns?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at webmaster@aarnwest.org.
9. What other information about AANR WEST's Privacy Policy would I want to know?
Policies for Minors, including children under the age of 13
AANR WEST is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the collection, storage and use of personal information of Minors under the age of 13, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.
Except as noted below : (i) our products and services are marketed for and directed towards purchase by adults or with the consent of adults; (ii) Individuals under the age of 18 ("Minors") are not permitted to use AANR WEST Websites or Apps without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian; (iii) we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for an online account or to post personal information on the AANR WEST Websites; and (iv) should we learn that someone under the age of 13 has provided any personal information to or on any of the AANR WEST Websites, we will remove that information as soon as possible.
If you are a parent or guardian who believes that your Minor under the age of 13 has submitted personal information or other information to us without your consent, please contact webmaster@aarnwest.org. Once we verify that you are the parent or legal guardian, at your request, we will promptly provide to your information regarding what, if any, personal information we have collected about your child and how it has been used or shared. We will, at your request, remove personal information about your child from its database and instruct our affiliates and third-party partners to do the same.
If you are a Minor under the age of 18, you may request and obtain removal of certain content or information posted on AANR WEST Websites and Apps by sending an email to webmaster@aarnwest.org with Privacy Rights for Minors in the subject line. Please be advised that our removal of your post(s) does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted on AANR WEST Websites or Apps.
Data retention policy
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Accessing your information
You have the right to ask us not to use your personal information for direct marketing purposes. You also have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies rectified. Please note that, as permitted by law, we may charge a nominal fee for information requests and may require you to prove your identity. Following a request, we will use reasonable efforts to supply, correct or delete personal information about you in our files. Please address written requests and questions about this to webmaster@aarnwest.org. We will respond to all access requests within 30 days.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request a notice from us describing which categories of personal information we have shared with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes within the last calendar year, and the name and address of such parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please send an email to webmaster@aarnwest.org with "California Privacy Rights Request" in the subject line.
Do Not Track Disclosure
Certain web browsers may provide an option by which you may ask your browser to inform websites you visit that you do not wish your activities to be tracked by cookies or other persistent identifiers, commonly called "Do Not Track Signals". Although AANR WEST Websites are currently unable to respond to Do Not Track Signals, you may opt out of tracking activities bv following the instructions in this Privacy Policy to opt out of web analytics and behavioral advertising.
Important information about third party devices, ISPs, websites and applications
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the AANR WEST enterprise. Whenever you click on links and banners on any AANR WEST Website that take you to a third-party website or you use, download or install third party software applications onto your Device, your use of those third party websites and/or software will be subject to the third party's privacy policies, not AANR WEST's. Additionally, please note that when using AANR WEST Websites or Apps, third party mobile device manufacturers and internet service providers (ISPs) may collect personal information about you and your use of such third-party products and services will be subject to the third party's privacy policies.
In addition, our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of AANR WEST. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Information collected from visitors from outside the United States
If you are visiting AANR WEST or a AANR WEST Website from outside the United States and provide us with personal information, please note that your personal information will be transferred, stored and processed within the United States. Additionally, AANR WEST may transfer your personal information to other countries, for example because a server or third party service provider is located there. The data protection and privacy laws of other countries, including the United States, may not afford you the same level of protection as those in your own country. AANR WEST will take appropriate steps to protect your information.
By doing business or interacting with AANR WEST, you are consenting to the transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information to and within facilities located in the United States and other facility locations selected by AANR WEST.
Terms of Use
Any dispute between you and us regarding the privacy of your personal information is subject to this Privacy Policy and the terms of use or terms of service applicable to our product or service you use, including limitation on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the State of California.
Contact Information
AANR WEST
23679 CALABASAS ROAD, SUITE 966
CALABASAS, CA 91302
Released: October 23, 2017
Stay true to yourself, join the American Association for Nude Recreation today!Join AANR Today!
HomeNewcomersOur-RegionAboutNewslettersOfficers & CommitteesLibrariesHistoryInformationCalendarSports & ActivitiesTravelMembersMembershipPassport ProgramAwardsGovernment AffairsBlogSearch