https://www.yesterdays.nl/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Antique Motorcycles
Related Items
Acetylene rearlight
Bicycles
Carburettors
Engines
Horns
Lamps
Miscellaneous
New and reproduction parts
Posters and paper
sidecars
Speedometers
Archive
Motorcycles
Bicycles
Information
About Yesterdays
Our Showroom
FAQ
Related Links
Route Description
General Conditions
Privacy Statement
Contact
Home » Privacy Statement
Name: V.O.F. Yesterdays
From: Director
To: Those concerned
Regarding: Privacy Statement
Document: YSNP 43073 – Rev.3.1 03-06-2019
Privacy Statement
The controller (V.O.F. Yesterdays, Pannenweg 260, 6031 RK te Nederweert) ensures the privacy rights of the person whose personal data it processes. The controller shall handle the collected personal data confidentially and shall adhere to the requirements imposed by the current privacy legislation.
Personal Data
The controller shall only collect personal data that have been lawfully made available to it. The information may include: the first and last name, the address, telephone number, e-mail address and ID-information.
The controller shall only collect special personal data when these are received based on consent of the data subject or when such is necessary or authorized pursuant to legal obligations.
The controller is authorized to process personal data if required to do so by law or under an agreement.
The controller may process personal data based on a vital interest, a public interest or a legitimate interest. The controller shall inform the data subject thereof.
If the personal data are not obtained directly from the data subject, the controller shall inform the data subject of the origin of the personal data.
Purposes
The controller will only use the personal data for the purpose for which they were provided. The controller may only deviate from the aforementioned principle if it has received the explicit consent of the data subject to do so, or if the controller must comply with a legal obligation. The controller shall process the personal data, including with regard to the sale of items and the provision of information.
Retention Period
The controller will not store the provided personal data for a period longer than necessary for the purposes for which they were collected.
Rights involved
The person whose personal data are processed has – subject to legal exceptions – the right to request the controller to inspect and/or rectify and/or erase the personal data and/or limit the processing thereof.
The data subject also has the right to object to the processing, and the controller shall have to transfer the data of the data subject, at his or her request. The controller will comply with all the above requests within one month, unless this cannot be demanded within the aforementioned period due to, e.g., complexity.
If the processing of personal data is based on the consent of the data subject, the data subject has the right to withdraw such consent at any time.
The data subject has the right to submit a complaint to the relevant supervisory body, i.e. the Netherlands Authority for the Protection of Personal Data.
Personal data not obtained from the data subject
If the information has not been obtained from the data subject, the controller shall inform the data subject about the origin of the personal data and, if applicable, whether they originate from public sources.
Exchanging data with others
The controller shall not provide personal data to third parties, unless this is necessary for the execution of an agreement, if it is obliged to do so by virtue of the law, if it has a legitimate or general interest to do so, or if it has received explicit consent for this. The controller shall, if entitled to do so, share personal data with the tax authorities and administration office Van Hoof.
The controller is legally obliged to share personal data with the unusual transaction service for cash payments or payments above € 20,000.
Transfer abroad shall only take place in accordance with the applicable privacy legislation. The controller will always first inform the data subject thereof. In any case, it shall provide information about the level of protection of the applicable country (adequacy decision or other appropriate guarantees) and how a copy can be obtained.
Security
The controller shall take appropriate security measures to prevent misuse of access to the processed personal data. Access to personal data is limited to those for whom it is necessary to have insight into the personal data. The persons who have insight into the personal data within the organization of the controller are obliged to handle it confidentially.
Cookies
The controller shall use cookies when offering electronic services. A cookie is a simple small file that is sent along with pages of this website and stored by the browser on the computer hard disk of the visitor of the website. The controller shall use cookies to remember settings and preferences of the users, so that, inter alia, it can keep track of which pages are visited and thus establish a profile of the online behavior. The cookies can be turned off via the browser.
The controller shall use Google Analytics. This program provides important statistics on the number of visitors, the pages visited and other essential information enabling the controller to continually improve the website for its visitors. These statistics are anonymous and cannot be traced back to a specific person or user.
Contact details of controller or his representative within the EU
Name of the organization : V.O.F. Yesterdays
Contact person : M. Lempens and G. Versleyen
Postal code and address : Pannenweg 260
Location : 6031 RK Nederweert
Modification of the Privacy Statement
The controller shall have the right to make modifications to this privacy statement. When an adjustment has been made, the “last modified date”, to be found at the bottom of the privacy statement, will be revised.
Last date last modified: 03-06-2019
Download as PDF
About Yesterdays
Our Showroom
Related Links
Route Description
FAQ
General Conditions
Contact Us
V.O.F. YESTERDAYS
PANNENWEG 260
6031 RK NEDERWEERT
NETHERLANDS EUROPE
TEL: +31 (0)495 54 60 54
E-MAIL: OFFICE@YESTERDAYS.NL
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Accept cookies