http://www.wairauriverwines.com/pages/cookie-and-privacy-policy
ONLINE SALES HERE (FREE SHIPPING IN NZ).
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR MAILING LIST.
Toggle navigation
Home
Our Stories
Wines
Cellar Door & Restaurant
Contact
Winery264 Rapaura Road, Rapaura 7273+64 3 572 7950winery@wairauriverwines.com
Cellar Door & Restaurant11 Rapaura Road, Rapaura 7273+64 3 572 9800cellardoor@wairauriverwines.com
Log in
Create account
View our licenceLicence No 52/OFF/049/2018Cookie and Privacy Policy
Cookie and Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
How we use cookies and other tracking technology
Cookie Notice
Thank you for visiting our website (“website”). This cookie notice applies to our website, any website or branded pages on third party platforms (e.g. YouTube and Facebook) and applications accessed or used through such websites or platforms which are operated by or on behalf of the Wairau River Site (“Wairau River site”).
By using the Wairau River site, you are consenting to our use of cookies and other tracking technology in accordance with this notice. If you do not agree to our use of cookies and other tracking technology in this way, you should set your browser settings accordingly or not use the website. If you disable cookies that we use, this may impact your user experience while on the Wairau River Site.
\When using a mobile device to connect to the internet, you should also refer to the privacy notice of the specific App you are using to understand its specific data collection practices.
1. What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website. See below for details on what information is collected by cookies and how we use that information.
For more information about the kinds of data that we generally collect, please read our Privacy Policy
2. How and why do we use Cookies?
We use cookies to improve the use and functionality of the Wairau River site and to gain a better understanding of how visitors use the Wairau River site and the tools and services offered on it. Cookies help us tailor the Wairau River site to your personal needs, to improve its user-friendliness, gain customer satisfaction feedback and to communicate to you elsewhere on the internet.
3. What types of cookies may be used on the Wairau River site?
We may use the following types of cookies on the Wairau River site
Session cookies
Session cookies are temporary cookie files which are erased when you close your browser. When you restart your browser and go back to the site that created that cookie, the website will treat you as a new visitor.
Persistent cookies
Persistent cookies stay on your browser until you delete them manually or until your browser deletes them based on the duration period set within the cookie. These cookies will recognize you as a return visitor.
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies are strictly necessary for the operation of the Wairau River site. They enable you to navigate around the site and use our features.
Cookies that send information to us
These are the cookies that we set on the Wairau River site and they can only be read by that site. This is known as a “First Party” cookie.
We also place cookies on our ads which are placed on other websites owned by third parties (e.g. Facebook). We obtain information via those cookies when you click on or interact with the advertisement. We may use the information obtained by these cookies to serve you with advertising that is relevant and of interest to you based on your past online behaviour.
Cookies that send information to other companies
These are cookies that are set on the Wairau River site to send information to other companies (e.g. Facebook or advertisers). They may use the data collected from these cookies to anonymously target advertising to you on other websites, based on your visit to this website. For example, if you use a social widget (e.g. the Facebook icon) on the website, it will record your “share” or “like”. Facebook (as the company setting the cookie) will collect the data.
Examples of cookies used on this Website
Cookie used / type and category
Performance Cookies
Does this cookie collect my personal data?
No, they do not identify you as an individual. All data is collected and aggregated anonymously.
Details
Type: Analytics
Category: Persistent Session Third party
Help us understand how visitors interact with our website by providing information about the areas visited, time spent and any issues encountered, such as error messages. This helps us improve the performance of our websites
Google Analytics:
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
DoubleClick:
https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en
Social Sharing Cookies (sometimes called "Third Party" cookies, or "Social Widgets")
Type: Social Media/Sharing
Category: Third party
Social sharing offered on the website is run by third parties. These third parties may drop cookies on your computer when you use social sharing features on the website, or if you are already logged into them. These cookies help improve your experience on the website. Social sharing offered on the website is run by third parties. These third parties may drop cookies on your computer when you use social sharing features on the website, or if you are already logged into them. These cookies help improve your experience on the website.
These cookies may collect personal information that you have voluntarily disclosed, such as your username.
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
Twitter:
https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
Targeting / Advertising
Type: Cross Site Tracking
Category: Persistent Session Third party
These cookies are used to deliver content via targeted advertising that is relevant to you and your interests or to limit the number of times you see a particular advertisement.
These cookies also help us measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on the Wairau River website. We may share this information with other parties, including our agencies.
Most Targeting/Advertising cookies track consumers via their IP address. In some countries IP addresses are classified as personal data.
Salesforce:
https://www.salesforce.com/products/marketing-cloud/sfmc/salesforce-dmp-privacy/
DoubleClick:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Miscellaneous
Type: Flash Cookies
Category: Persistent Third party
Flash cookies may store your preferences such as volume control or high game score, or display content based upon what you view on the website in order to personalize your visit. Our third-party partners provide certain features on the website such as promotions, and games and use Flash Cookies to collect and store your information.
These cookies may collect anonymous and personal information
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118
DoubleClick:
https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en
Other similar technologies
The Wairau River site also makes use of other tracking technologies including IP addresses, log files and web beacons, which also help us tailor the Wairau River site to your personal needs.
IP addresses
An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet. We may record IP Addresses for the following purposes:
(i) troubleshoot technical concerns, (ii) maintain website safety and security (iii) better understand how our websites are utilized, and (iv) to better tailor content to your needs depending on the country you are in.
Log Files
We (or a third party on our behalf) may collect information in the form of log files that record website activity and gather statistics about a user’s browsing habits. These entries are generated anonymously, and help us gather (among other things) (i) a user’s browser type and operating system, (ii) information about a user’s session (such as the URL they came from, the date and time they visited our website, and which pages they've viewed on our website and for how long), and, (iii) other similar navigational or click-stream data.
Web Beacons
We may use web beacons (also known as pixels or clear GIFs) on the Wairau River site. Web beacons (also known as “web bugs”) are small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page for the purpose of transferring data back to us. The information collected via web beacons may include information about how a user responds to an email campaign (e.g. the time the email is opened, where does the user link to from the email, etc.). We use web beacon information for a variety of purposes, including, site traffic reporting, unique visitor counts, advertising and email auditing and reporting, and personalization.
6. Manage your cookies/preferences
You should ensure that your computer setting reflects whether you are happy to accept cookies or not. You can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, or you can simply set it to refuse them. You do not need to have cookies on to use or navigate through many parts of the Wairau River site although you may not have access to all the features on our site if you do so. See the 'help' button on your browser (e.g. Google Chrome, Firefox) for how you can do this. Remember that if you use different computers in different locations, you will need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
As a web beacon forms part of a webpage, it is not possible to ‘opt-out’ but you can render them ineffective by opting out of the cookies they set.
For more information about targeting and advertising cookies, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
www.aboutcookies.org
7. Legal Notice Update
We reserve the right to make any changes and corrections to this notice. Please refer to this page from time to time to review these and new additional information.
May 2020
Privacy Policy
Objective: Describe the potential collection, use, disclose and the protection of personal information of individuals
Rose Family Estate complies with the New Zealand Privacy Act 1993 (the Act) when dealing
with personal information. Personal information is information about an identifiable individual (a
natural person).
This policy does not limit or exclude any of your rights under the Act. If you wish to seek further
information on the Act, see www.privacy.org.nz.
Who do we collect your personal information from?
We collect personal information about you from:
·You, when you provide that personal information to us, including via the website and any related service, through any registration process OR through any contact with us (e.g. telephone call or email).
Third parties where you have authorised this or the information is publicly available.
If possible, we will collect personal information from you directly.
How we use your personal information
We will use your personal information
to verify your identity
to provide services and products to you
to market our services and products to you, including contacting you electronically (e.g. by
text or email for this purpose)
to improve the services that we provide to you
to undertake pre-employment checks of you
to bill you and to collect money that you owe us, including authorising and processing credit
card transactions
to respond to communications from you, including a complaint
to conduct research and statistical analysis (on an anonymised basis)
to protect and/or enforce our legal rights and interests, including defending any claim
· for any other purpose authorised by you or the Act.
Disclosing your personal information:
We may disclose your personal information to:
another entity within our group
any business that supports our services and products, including any person that hosts or maintains any underlying IT system or data centre that we use to provide the website or other services and products
a credit reference agency for the purpose of credit checking you
a person who can require us to supply your personal information (e.g. a regulatory authority)
any other person authorised by the Act or another law (e.g. a law enforcement agency)
any other person authorised by you.
A business that supports our services and products may be located outside New Zealand. This may mean your personal information is held and processed outside New Zealand, for example, cloud storage
Protecting your personal information
We will take all reasonable and responsible steps to keep your personal information safe from loss, unauthorised activity, or other misuse.
Accessing and correcting your personal information
Subject to certain grounds for refusal set out in the Act, you have the right to access your readily
retrievable personal information that we hold and to request a correction to your personal
information. Before you exercise this right, we will need evidence to confirm that you are the
individual to whom the personal information relates.
In respect of a request for correction, if we think the correction is reasonable and we are reasonably able to change the personal information, we will make the correction. If we do not make the correction, we will take reasonable steps to note on the personal information that you requested the correction.
If you want to exercise either of the above rights, email us at info@rfe.co.nz.   Your
email should provide evidence of who you are and set out the details of your request (e.g. the
personal information, or the correction, that you are requesting). We may charge you our
reasonable costs of providing to you copies of your personal information or correcting that
information.
Internet use
While we take reasonable steps to maintain secure internet connections if you provide us with
personal information over the internet, the provision of that information is at your own risk.
If you post your personal information on the website’s [message board/ chat room], you
acknowledge and agree that the information you post is publicly available.
If you follow a link on our website to another site, the owner of that site will have its own
privacy policy relating to your personal information. We suggest you review that site’s
privacy policy before you provide personal information
May 2020
Please confirm your age.
To enter this site you must be of legal drinking age in your country.
Yes, I am of legal drinking age
Toggle navigation