http://www.triangleshelties.com/content/privacy.asp
Available Shelties
Adoption Application
Fencing
Requirements
TSR Contract (PDF)
Surrender a Sheltie
Success Stories
Rescue Memorials
Memorials
Features
Double Merles
Volunteer
TSR
Events
Supporters
About Shelties
Who We Are
Contact
Us
Home
Staff Entrance
TSR is a 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization and relies on your donations.
If you would like to make a tax-deductible contribution (and thank you for that!), there are two ways you can.
Either click on the PayPal logo below...
...or by mail. Please make checks payable to "TSR" and send to the following address:
TSR
P.O. Box 426
Youngsville, NC 27596
Again, thank you for your help!
Our Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide
this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can
make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice
easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where
personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Triangle
Sheltie Rescue website. On this site, you can register to volunteer, regsister to
adopt a Sheltie, or sign a guestbook. The types of personal information collected at
these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Your history with dogs
We use the information you provide about yourself only for the purpose stated.
We do not share this information with outside parties
except to the extent necessary to complete the process.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses
are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information
provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also
providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated
uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the
correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical,
electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we
collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that
reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we
actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract
anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect
online and maintain by contacting the web site coordinator. We use
this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by
sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to
verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies,
send us an email at privacy@triangleshelties.com.
Financial information about this organization and a copy of its license are
available from the State Solicitation Licensing Branch at 919-807-2214.
The license is not an endorsement by the State.
Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | About This Site
Triangle Sheltie Rescue is a 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization
©2018 Triangle Sheltie Rescue of North Carolina, Inc.
P.O. Box 426, Youngsville, NC 27596