http://www.courvoisier.com/us/terms
Terms of UseTERMS OF USEThe website displayed at www.courvoisier.com (this "Site") is operated by BEAM SUNTORY and Courvoisier® S.A.S. ("Courvoisier®") as owner of the brand. Your use of and access to this Site is conditional upon your acceptance of these Terms of Use including our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or update these Terms of Use from time to time with immediate effect. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically for updates.AFTER READING THIS PAGE, IF FOR ANY REASON YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OR CANNOT ABIDE BY THESE TERMS OF USE OR OUR PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE EXIT THIS SITE IMMEDIATELY. OTHERWISE BY ACCESSING AND USING THIS SITE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE TERMS OF USE AND OUR PRIVACY POLICY.PERMITTED USERS OF THIS SITEThis Site is intended to be used and accessed by people who are of legal age to purchase and consume alcohol. If you are of legal age in your country of residence and the country from which you are accessing this Site, please continue. If you are not, please exit this Site immediately.RIGHTS TO CONTENTS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTYThe copyrights to all materials, content and lay-out of this Site (including text, user and visual interfaces, images, look and feel, design, sound, etc. and any underlying software and computer codes) are proprietary to BEAM SUNTORY, its affiliates, subsidiaries, or third party licensors. You may not copy, reproduce, post on any other website, republish, upload, encode, modify, translate, publicly perform or display, commercially exploit, distribute or transmit any portion of this Site or make any derivative works from this Site in any way without BEAM SUNTORY’s express prior written consent.Any name, logo, trademark, service mark, patent, design, copyright or other intellectual property appearing on this Site is owned or licensed by BEAM SUNTORY or its affiliates or subsidiaries and may not be used by you without the prior written consent of BEAM SUNTORY or the appropriate owner. Your use of this Site does not grant you any right, title, interest or license to any such intellectual property appearing on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the content of this Site may subject you to civil or criminal penalties.Any unauthorized use of the content of this Site may subject you to civil or criminal penalties.USE OF THIS SITEBEAM SUNTORY maintains this Site for your personal entertainment, information and education. You should feel free to browse the Site and may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, lawful, personal use only provided all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials are retained and such information is not modified, copied or posted on any networked computer or broadcast in any media. All other copying (whether in electronic, hard copy or other format) is prohibited and may breach intellectual property laws and other laws world-wide. All commercial use of all or part of this Site is prohibited except with BEAM SUNTORY's express prior written consent. All rights not expressly granted here are reserved to BEAM SUNTORY.You may not use any computer program tools including, but not limited to, web spiders, bots, indexers, robots, crawlers, harvesters, or any other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process ("Tools") to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any content, to obtain or attempt to obtain materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. Tools that use the Site shall be considered agents of the individual(s) who control or author them.NO WARRANTIESBEAM SUNTORY DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THIS SITE OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS. THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSES, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ACCURACY.BEAM SUNTORY also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any such damages caused by viruses or other forms of contamination or destructive features that may affect your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, text, images, video or audio from the Site or any linked sites.LIMITATION OF LIABILITYIn no event shall BEAM SUNTORY, its affiliates, subsidiaries and services providers, or the officers, directors, employees, shareholders, or agents of each of them, be liable for any damages of any kind, including without limitation any direct, special, incidental, indirect, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, including lost profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages, and on theory of liability whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of, or your browsing in, or your links to other sites from, this Site. You acknowledge by your use of the Site, that your use of the Site is at your sole risk. Certain laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages; if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers may not apply, and you might have additional rights.INDEMNIFICATIONYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold BEAM SUNTORY harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.ON-LINE STORES; PROMOTIONSAdditional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods or services and to specific portions or features of the Site, including but not limited to contests, sweepstakes, invitations, or other similar features (each an "Application"), all of which additional terms and conditions are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. You agree to abide by such Application terms and conditions. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms of the Application, the terms of the Application will control as relating to the Application.COMMUNICATIONS WITH THIS SITEYou are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate the law. BEAM SUNTORY will fully cooperate, including but not limited to, maintaining and disclosing any transmittals or communications that you have had with the Site, disclosing your identity or helping to identify you, with any applicable law or regulation, law enforcement authorities, court order or governmental authority.Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by e-mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, nonconfidential and non-proprietary. BEAM SUNTORY cannot prevent the "harvesting" of information from this Site, and you may be contacted by BEAM SUNTORY or unrelated third parties, by e-mail or otherwise, within or outside of this Site. Anything you transmit may be edited by or on behalf of BEAM SUNTORY, may or may not be posted to this Site at the sole discretion of BEAM SUNTORY and may be used by BEAM SUNTORY or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, BEAM SUNTORY is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. If you transmit any ideas, concepts, materials or other communications to this Site, you accept that it will not be treated as confidential and may be used by BEAM SUNTORY without compensation in any manner whatsoever, including without limitation reproduction, transmission, publication, marketing, product development, etc.Although BEAM SUNTORY may from time to time monitor or review discussion, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the Site, BEAM SUNTORY is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the Site. BEAM SUNTORY assumes no responsibility or liability for any actions or communications by you or any unrelated third party within or outside of this Site.NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING U.S. CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTIf you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide a Notice with the following information to the Site's Copyright Agent:An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site;Your address, telephone number and e-mail address;A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, it’s agent or the law;A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.Beam Suntory's Copyright Agent for Notice is:Beam Suntory Copyright AgentBeam Suntory Inc.Merchandise Mart222 W. Merchandise Mart PlazaSuite 1600Chicago, IL 60654Phone: +1 (312) 964 6999E-mail: copy.right@beamsuntory.comWe may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on our Site, electronic mail to a user's e-mail address in our records, or by written communication sent by first-class mail to a user's physical address in our records. If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated Copyright Agent that includes the information below. To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:Your physical or electronic signature;Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;A statement from you under the penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and Your name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Beam Suntory may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.TERMINATIONAt its sole discretion, BEAM SUNTORY may modify or discontinue the Site, or may modify or terminate your account or your access to this Site, for any reason, with or without notice to you and without liability to you or any third party.UNAFFILIATED PRODUCTS AND SITESDescriptions of, or references to, products, publications or sites not owned by Beam Suntory or its affiliates do not imply endorsement of that product, publication or site. Beam Suntory has not reviewed all material linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any such material. Your linking to any other sites is at your own risk.LINKING POLICYThis Site may provide, as a convenience to you, links to sites owned or operated by parties other than BEAM SUNTORY. Each linked to website has its own terms and conditions of use, as described in that site's legal notice/terms of use. Those terms and conditions may be different than these Terms of Use, and we urge you to read each website's legal notice/terms of use carefully before you use that site. BEAM SUNTORY does not control, and is not responsible for the availability, content or security of these external sites, nor your experience interacting or using these external sites. BEAM SUNTORY does not endorse the content, or any products or services available, on such sites. If you link to such sites you do so at your own risk.Please be aware that Beam Suntory reserves the right to hyperlink from its websites and individual brand social media sites prior to receiving your company’s express permission. We do not believe this link would cause any consumer confusion or an impression of affiliation or sponsorship. Should your company object to the proposed hyperlink, please contact Corporate Communications at Merchandise Mart, 222 W. Merchandise Mart Plaza, Suite 1600, Chicago, IL 60654, +1 (312) 964 6999 or Corporate.Communications@beamsuntory.com as soon as possible to request a posted hyperlink be removed.UNITED STATES GOVERNING LAW; VOID WHERE PROHIBITEDThis Site shall be governed by, and your browsing in and use of the Site shall be deemed acceptance of and consent to, the laws of the State of Illinois, United States of America, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Site may be viewed internationally and may contain references to products or services not available in all countries. References to a particular product or services do not imply that they are appropriate or available to all persons of legal purchasing age in all locations, or that Beam Suntory intends to make such products or services available in such countries. Any offer for any product, feature, service or Application made on this Site is void where prohibited. Your information will be transferred to Beam Suntory, located in the State of Illinois, United States, which location may be outside of your own country, and by providing us with your information, you are consenting to such transfer. Although we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of any personal information collected, we will not be liable for disclosure of personal information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.THESE TERMS OF USER ARE EFFECTIVE AS OF JUNE 1, 2012Beam Suntory Inc Merchandise Mart, 222 W. Merchandise Mart Plaza, Suite 1600, Chicago, IL 60654 © 2019 Beam Suntory All rights reserved.
Courvoisier®  encourages responsible drinking. Alcohol should be consumed in moderation. By entering this website, you are agreeing to our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and Use of Cookies. Courvoisier ® Cognac. Produced in Jarnac, Charente, France. Must be of legal drinking age to enter this site. Contact Terms of use Privacy policy Global marketing code