http://www.imo.net/legal-notice/
International Meteor Organization
Sign up
Log In
Service agreement and disclaimer
developed & maintained byMike Hankey & Associates, LLC
© 2016
your browser is out of date
To get the best experience please upgrade to a new browser
Copyright Statement
No part of the Copyright protected structure of this website may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, recording or otherwise without the prior written permission of the Publisher. To request such permission, you are advised to e-mail IMO, including your name, company (if applicable), address and a description of the purpose of Your intended distribution and the information you would like to distribute.
All graphics, design, images, textual content and specific photographs used on the website are Copyright © IMO except for notified material. Linking to images on this server from External Publications using the HTML
element, also known as hotlinking or bandwidth theft, is prohibited. All cases of hotlinking will be immediately reported to the web host of the offending External Publication.
Site content
We remain the right to exclude content and/or links to content on other sites linked from this site if we find them unsuitable. The opinions expressed in comments on this site are those of their publishers.
Privacy Statement
Protecting your privacy is important to the IMO. We strive to keep your personal information confidential. Please take a moment to read the following policy to learn how we handle your personal information.
Why we collect personal information
Information gathered on this website is used only by IMO for internal analysis, to improve our services or to enhance services used on this website. IMO has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties or sell any email addresses to third parties. Internet Cookies are only used to store your website user name and password settings as well as UI settings.
Photos and Videos
When a picture or a video is submitted to the IMO website, this is taken as indicating that the author(s) grant(s) permission for the IMO to publish this material, or part of it, any number of times, in any format(s), without payment. This permission is taken as covering the right to alter the specific rendering of the material, including image size and color management. Formats may include paper and digital reproduction on websites, social media, and electronically readable storage media. Other than these conditions, all rights remain with the author(s). In any instance, IMO will explicitly mention proper ownership and copyright by the author.
Latest Major Fireball Events
Everyday, we receive reports
about Fireballs. Here are some of the latest major Fireball Events:
8Dec 49 reports
7Dec 55 reports
(CT, DE...)7Dec 211 reports
(CT, DE...)4Dec 37 reports
2Dec 205 reports
(MD, MI...)30Nov 78 reports
(CA)28Nov 39 reports
(IL, IN...)28Nov 285 reports
Browse all events
Report a Fireball
Meteor Showers CalendarNext major shower peakGeminidsThe Geminids are usually the strongest meteor shower of the year and
meteor enthusiasts are certain to circle December 13 and 14 on their
calendars. This is the one major shower that provides good activity
prior to midnight as the constellation of Gemini is well placed from
22:00 onward. The Geminids…
Peak Night: Dec 14 2020.
The moon will be 1% of full.
Currently active major meteor showerGeminids - Dec 04
Dec 20 2020 Meteor Shower Calendar
WGN, The IMO journal
WGN 48:5 - October 2020 is available!
Read it online
Search
×
×