http://www.amsafari.com/privacy
Our Privacy Policy
Privacy shouldn’t be an adventure, and we take that seriously. To better protect your privacy, so you can focus on your next adventure, this notice describes the personal information we collect from and about you, how we use and protect that data, and the choices you have about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available at the bottom of each page of our website and provide a URL to our Privacy Policy on forms where personally identifiable information may be provided.
Just as you would ask our expert expedition guides a question, please refer to the following areas to understand the scope of our Privacy Policy:
Who We Are
The Information We Collect
How We Use the Information
Terms Applicable to Data Privacy
Our Commitment to Data Security
Lawful Basis
How You Can Correct Your Information
How to Contact Us About Privacy
Who We Are
Much like preparing for an UnCruise, it’s important that you read this privacy notice so that you’re fully aware of how and why we use your data.
This privacy notice supplements our general Terms and Conditions, Terms of Passage, and other notices and is not intended to override them. It is issued on behalf of the Controller, InnerSea Discoveries, LLC, a small ship adventure cruise line that owns and operates UnCruise Adventures. Throughout this Privacy Policy, InnerSea Discoveries, LLC (dba UnCruise Adventures), is referred to as “UnCruise” or “we, us, and/or our”, and “Sites” refers to the UnCruise website, web portals, and social and marketing platforms used to collect and communicate information regarding the adventures we offer.
By using our Sites, providing Personal Information, and/or making an UnCruise travel purchase you consent to this Privacy Policy, including our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information as described below. Our websites are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data directly from users under the age of 16, except as permitted by law.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information we may collect or that you may provide to us, including when you request travel information, book travel, visit our website, or open an email from us, sign up to receive a newsletter, and/or where there is an understanding for us to communicate with you, because we have identified you as a prospect, guest, or partner. The types of personal information we collect that could be used to identify you include:
Identity Data:
first name, last name, nickname, profile name, title, or similar identifier
Contact Data: mailing address, email address, billing address, social profiles, and phone numbers
Cookies: Cookies (not the freshly baked cookies from our ships—sorry!) are small data files that are transferred to your computer when your browser allows acceptance that collect your information. “Session” cookies expire at the end of your Site time. “Persistent” cookies remain on your device much longer (they remember your settings and track your activity on our Site). Cookies do not corrupt or damage your computer or computer files. You control the use of cookies at the individual browser level and should change your browser settings if you do not want your information collected. If you reject cookies, some features on our Sites may be limited.
Financial Data: any payment information
Log Data: Our web servers may collect aggregate data about the number of visits to different pages on our Sites, to troubleshoot or improve our Sites.
Marketing & Communications: your preferences in receiving information and any other identifier that permits us to contact you
Technical Data: internet (IP) address, browser information, location, and other technical information about the devices you use to access our Site, or similar identifier
Travel Data: how you heard about us; which destinations you are interested in; how and what information you’ve requested and received from us; your evaluation of our services; when, where, and how many times you’ve UnCruised; and how you booked your travel
Web Beacons collect limited info such as cookie numbers, time, and date of a page view, along with a page description of where the beacon lives.
If you choose not to provide personal data when requested, we may not be able to fulfill your request (for example, to send you a brochure or book your travel). In this case, we may have to cancel your request with us. We’ll let you know if this is the case and you’re going to miss out.
How We Use the Information
Always looking to do better—it’s about more than fond memories—we collect personal information in order to improve our products, deliver services, and perform our obligations to you, comply with our own legal obligations, and for a few other purposes as described below. We only collect what is legal for us to collect.
Email addresses are used to answer emails we receive, to notify you about special offers, and to relay information as it relates to traveling with us. Such addresses are not used or shared for any other purpose.
Information You Give Us: When you request travel information, book a reservation, or pay for your travel, your information is used to complete that request. And, of course, we retain your travel history as part of your UnCruiser past guest loyalty profile. Personal information is only shared with third parties as needed for them to deliver services to you and is never shared with unaffiliated third parties.
Non-identifying and Aggregate Information is used for things like designing a better website or improving our understanding of user behavior, guest demographics, and the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. For example, just as we remember who you are and where you’ve traveled with us, we may report that X number of individuals visited a certain page on our Site, or that Y number of recipients opened our email or clicked on a link, and Z percentage of our guests are 50-60 years old, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Social Sharing: When you log in and connect with us via social media, we may share your name, picture, likes, comments, and posts associated with social media platforms. When you connect and engage with us via social media, you are giving your consent to share your information.
Third-Party Services: So we can focus on creating active adventures for you, we use a third-party technology platform to send our marketing emails. Pixel tags in those emails help us send the email in a format you can read, allow us to know which emails you respond to, and target future email content. Third-party vendors are also used to provide services such as mailing printed brochure catalogs, transfers, hotel nights, adventure activities, etc.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us in an unlawful way or in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Terms Applicable to Data Privacy
While we are based in the United States and take you to exotic locations across the Americas, in most cases, the Personal Information we collect is stored and used in the United States. We may share some of your Personal Information with third parties (such as government agencies, hotel and transfer suppliers, etc.) in order to deliver services to you within and outside of the United States or because we are required to by law.
In compliance with European and North American Data Protection Regulations/laws, we have adapted a wide-ranging policy to protect your data. If we collect Personal Information, in addition to the above, the following terms also apply to our collection, use, and retention of that information:
Compliance with Privacy Shield Principles: We strive to comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework principles (Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability) regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information from European Union member countries. However, our compliance with these principles may be limited (a) to the extent necessary to meet applicable national security, public interest, or law enforcement requirements; or (b) by statute, governmental regulation, or case law. The Privacy Shield Principles shall govern any conflicts; learn more by visiting the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List at https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
Basis for Collection: As set out above, we collect and process Personal Information for which you have given your consent.
Onward Transfer: We only disclose Personal Information to third parties who need access in order to fulfill the services they provide. Third parties must agree to use the Personal Information we provide to them only for the purposes for which they have been engaged and must either: (a) comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles or another mechanism permitted by the applicable EU & Swiss data protection law(s) for transfers and processing of Personal Information; or (b) agree to provide adequate protections for the Personal Information that are no less protective than those set out in this Privacy Policy. If we learn such an entity is using or disclosing Personal Information in a manner contrary to this Privacy Policy, we will take reasonable and appropriate steps to prevent, remediate, or stop the use or disclosure. Please be aware that we will disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including meeting national security or law enforcement requirements. We are not liable for appropriate onward transfers of personal data to third parties.
Your Rights include:
You may “opt out” of receiving marketing or promotional messages via the instructions in those messages
The right to withdraw consent to the processing of Personal Information about you
The right to request a copy of the Personal Information we retain about you, although we reserve the right to charge a fee for this, depending on the nature and frequency of your request(s) and our cost to provide the information
The right to have Personal Information we have about you corrected or removed; we may retain some of your Personal Information for the purposes of our legitimate business needs in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles. Any Personal Information you have shared publicly with others may continue to be publicly visible on the Sites.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
Lawful Basis
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights.
How to Contact Us About Privacy
We’ve appointed a group data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. And, just as we encourage you reach to out to us for all adventures, if you have any questions about our privacy policies, would like to opt out of our marketing efforts, or have any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact us at:
By email: dataprotection@uncruise.com
—OR—
UnCruise Adventures
3826 18th Ave W
Seattle, WA 98119
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy periodically so please look it over from time to time. We want you… in the know.
Updated: January 9, 2020