http://www.mayawalk.com/privacy-policy#CookiePolicy
A combination of adventure/culture! Guide was excellent, making sure we were safe, showing us creatures that inhabit the cave, making us travel in time to meet the Mayans/their rituals. Transport/food were also excellent. Unforgettable tour!
- Tripadvisor review
MayaWalk Tours Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you so much for visiting our website. By accessing this site, you indicate your acceptance of our privacy policy. Because we respect and protect your privacy, this privacy statement describes the information gathering and distribution practices for this website. By providing your personal information to us through this website or any App, you accept that we may retain your information.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation)
Information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services
Information that you provide to us for subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters
Any other information that you choose to send to us
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy. We may use your personal information to:
To collect payment for tours
Administer the website
Improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website
Send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications
Send you email notifications which you have specifically requested
Send you [our newsletter and other] marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications)
To respond to questions or comments
Better serve you during your stay at the resort
We will provide your personal information to other third parties, like Google Analytics, to better understand how the website is performing, to handle reservation or booking transactions, or to communicate with you in ways that you have provided consent. We will not share your information with any outside organizations except when required or permitted by law.
Information that is collected will only be used for the purpose outlined when collected. We may at times contact you if you specifically agree to and/or request follow-up contacts or ask to be added to our mailing list.
OPTING OUT OR CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
You can ask to have your contact information updated or removed by contacting us using the contact information provided below. Please note that after you close an account, you will not receive any emails or specials from the us; however, you can open a new account at any time.
You may also opt-out if you no longer wish to receive our e-mail newsletters, which includes an "Unsubscribe" link. Upon unsubscribe confirmation, your e-mail address will be removed from our database and you will no longer receive future newsletters from us.
USE OF COOKIES
Cookies are information files that are sent to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are utilized to recognize your device when you return to the website for future visits. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close a browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file instructions.
TYPES OF COOKIES COLLECTED
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and utilize its features.
Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website; for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they encounter error messages on web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore kept anonymous. They are used for the sole purpose of improving the way our website works.
Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize.
Targeting Cookies or Marketing Cookies: These cookies are used to deliver ads more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.
This website and third-party vendors use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) or other first-party identifiers, and third-party cookies (such as Google advertising cookies) or other third-party identifiers together (for example to serve ads based on someone's past visits to this website). Users can opt-out from data being used by Google Analytics here.
Some of the advertising features enabled on this site now or could be used in the future are:
Remarketing with Google Analytics (third-party vendors, including Google, will show our ads on sites across the Internet). Users can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings. Alternatively, users can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
Integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data for advertising purposes, including the collection of data via advertising cookies and identifiers.
Please note:
(a) third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from this website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads, (b) users can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting, and (c) user can access a mechanism for exercising such choice on site such as: www.aboutads.info/choices.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We want you to feel confident about using our website, to make tour arrangements, and we are committed to protecting the information we collect. While no website or App can guarantee security, we have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us. In addition, we use encryption when transmitting your sensitive personal information between your system and ours, and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information.
EXTERNAL LINKS
If any part of this website links you to other sites, those sites do not operate under this Privacy Policy. We recommend you examine the privacy statements posted on those other websites to understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.
By using this website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. These cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file instructions.
DATA RETENTION
When you provide information through the Site, through phone calls or any other means, we will maintain your Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
HOW YOU CAN CONTACT US?
If you have questions about either this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us or write to us using the contact information below:
MayaWalk Tours
19 Burns Avenue
San Ignacio, Belize
info@mayawalk.com
BZ (011) 501-824-3070
BZ (011) 501-660-3232
CANCELLATION POLICY
A minimum of 50% deposit is required upon making the reservation of the tour, shuttle, or package. Full payment is due on the day of the tour, shuttle, or package.
Cancellations received 30 days or more before the arrival date will receive a full refund of the initial deposit, less a 30% cancellation fee.
Cancellations received within 29 - 7 days before the arrival date will receive a 50% refund of the initial deposit, less a 30% cancellation fee.
No refund will be given for cancellations done 6 days prior to arrival date of any tour, shuttle, or package.
NO SHOW: In the case the customer does not show up for their tour, there will be no refund issued.
Any tour cancelled due to unforeseen weather conditions, will be rescheduled for the following day, unless otherwise arranged by client at the front desk.
A 30% rescheduling fee will be charged for moving the date of any tour package or shuttles; if rescheduling is done within 24hrs of the scheduled departure time.
Copyright 2020 by MayaWalk Tours
| Site Map | Privacy Policy |
Created by Belize Internet Marketing & Website Design
Login