http://www.weimaranerclubofgreatbritain.org.uk/index.php/the-club/91-gdpr-privacy-notice
GDPR Privacy notice - Weimaraner Club of Great Britain
HomeThe ClubWCGB CommitteeMembershipAGM NoticesAnnual awardsThe BreedBreed StandardWeimaraner healthHistoryArchivesWorking DogField TrialsSpring Pointing TestsGundog working testsAgilityCompetition ObedienceWorking Trials (WT)ShowingWCGB Open ShowsWCGB Champ ShowsRescueLiving with a weimaranerDogs in needPuppiesForthcoming EventsArticlesPuppy list
Announcements
WCGB Field Trial Schedule 2020 / 21
Read more ...
HPR A Licence To Hunt
Read more ...
Support WCGB Rescue & Rehoming
or collect stamps for rescue
Send your used stamps to: Stamps for Rescue, Heathersett, Downs View Rd. Headley Down, Hants GU35 8JH
Read more
GDPR Privacy notice
GDPR Privacy Notice
Introduction
The Weimaraner Club of Great Britainis committed to protecting your personal information and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Notice sets out the basis on which any personal data that we collect from or about you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation [the GDPR], the data controller isWeimaraner Club of Great Britain.
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. Please check back regularly to see any updates or changes to this Notice.
Data Protection Contact
The contact details for our Secretary for any data protection queries areas follows:
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
01963371681
Data Protection Principles
We will comply with data protection law. This says that the personal information we hold about you must be:
1. Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
2. Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
3. Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes.
4. Accurate and kept up to date.
5. Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
6. Kept securely.
Particulars of processing
We process personal data about members, judges, ring stewards and competitors/exhibitors to our events.The categories of person about whom we process personal data are described in more detail in the Annex to this Privacy Notice.
Your rights as a data subject
The General Data Protection Regulation provides the following rights (subject to some exemptions):
The right to request access to the personal data that we hold about you;
The right to request rectification of the personal data that we hold about you;
The right to request erasure of the personal data that we hold about you;
The right to request restriction of processing about you;
The right to object to processing; and
The right to data portability.
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Secretary at the details above.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) full contact details for which can be found at https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
How we will use information about you
We will only use your personal information when the law allows us to.
Most commonly, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
1. Where we need to perform the contract we have entered into with you.
2. Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
3. Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
We may also use your personal information in the following situations, which are likely to be rare:
1. Where we need to protect your interests (or someone else's interests).
2. Where it is needed in the public interest [or for official purposes].
6.1          We will generally process your personal data for contractual necessity in providing membership services and events.  We may also use personal information for additional relevant and related purposes where you might reasonably expect us to do so, where the benefits of doing so are not outweighed by your own interests or fundamental rights or freedoms. This may include:
To maintain our records and other administrative purposes, including updating your details and preferences:
To assist with queries, complaints and dispute resolution;
For communications related to membership and invitations to participate in canine market research or canine health studies:
To assist with upholding our club constitutionandtaking action in cases where there may bea breach of the Club rules or Codes of Ethics.
6.2          We will ask for your direct consent IF we intend to use your personal data for marketing purposes. Where our processing of personal data is based on your having given consent, you have the right as a data subject to withdraw that consent at any time. If you wish to invoke this right, please notify the Secretary using the contact details set out in Section 2 above.
6.3          You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In the United Kingdom, the supervisory authority is the Office of the Information Commissioner, full contact details for which can be found at https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Recipients of Data
We may use service providers to help us provide you with our services. Personal data may be transferred to such service provider, who act for or on our behalf, for further processing in accordance with the purpose(s) for which the data wasoriginally collected or may otherwise be lawfully processed.
Such third parties have contracted with us as data processors under the requirements in the GDPR. They are contractually bound to only use personal data for the agreed purpose(s). Relevant persons working for these third parties will have access to your personal data under the terms of the data processor contract, but only to the extent necessary to perform their services for us.
These data processors agree to implement reasonable contractual and technical protections, to keep your data confidential, not sell your personal data to third parties and to not disclose your personal data to third parties except as may be required by law, as permitted by us or as stated in this Privacy Policy.
In appropriate circumstances we may disclose data to authorised bodies as required by law.
Visitors to our website – Cookie Policy
We use cookies to monitor how people use our websites.
We collect these cookies under Legitimate Interests to provide you with our online services and to analyse visitor behaviour on our websites.
Cookie information is held on your browser and you can amend your browser settings at any time. However, please be aware that blocking or deleting all cookies will affect the usability of our websites.
Please see our Cookie Policy for further information on data we collect through our websites and how you can block and delete cookies
Contact details
Please contact the Secretary above if you have any questions or concerns about personal data and privacy matters.
ANNEX
This Annex sets out the Weimaraner Club of Great Britain’s processing of personal data relating to members (including committee members), judges and exhibitors/competitors at our events[category of data subject].
What personal data do we process, why do we process it and what is the lawful basis?
Members
·         Name
·         Address
·         Email address
·         Telephone number
·         Dog information where appropriate
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
[Purpose]
[Lawful basis]
·         Provision of membership services including administration and transactional communications relating to membership
Contractual Necessity
·         Upholding the Club/Society Rules and Code of Ethics
Contractual Necessity
·         Compliance with Kennel Club Rules and Regulations
Contractual Necessity
·         Contacting you regarding newsletters,invitations and information about club events/meetings
Legitimate Interests
·         Contacting you by email to provide related information and information /marketing communications
Consent
Judges
·         Name
·         Address
·         Email address
·         Telephone number
·
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
[Purpose]
[Lawful basis]
·         Administration and transactional communications relating to judging appointments
Contractual Necessity
·         Upholding the Club/Society Rules and Code of Ethics
Contractual Necessity
·         Compliance with Kennel Club Rules and Regulations (including sharing relevant required information)
Contractual Necessity
·         Publication in the Club/Society judges’ list and for appointments in the show/event schedules
Legitimate Interests
Exhibitors/Competitors
·         Name
·         Address
·         Email address
·         Telephone number
·         Dog information
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
[Purpose]
[Lawful basis]
·         Administration and transactional communications for exhibitors/competitors entering our events
Contractual Necessity
·         Provision of services relating to our events
Contractual Necessity
·         Upholding the Club/Society Rules and Code of Ethics
Contractual Necessity
·         Compliance with Kennel Club Rules and Regulations
Contractual Necessity
·         Contacting you regarding future events
Legitimate Interests
·         Publication of your name address and dog information in show/event catalogue [subject to the right to object]
Legitimate Interests
·         Publication of event results on our websites or and newsletters
Legitimate Interests
We also process personal data for the Weimaraner Club of Great Britain’s legitimate interests as we have outlined in the main Privacy Notice (paragraph 4.3). Please be assured that we will always take account of your personal data rights in doing so.
Where do we obtain your personal data from?
Most of the above personal data is received direct from you (the data subject).
How long do we hold your personal data for?
Personal data will be retained in accordance with statutory requirements, Kennel Club requirements and recommendations and the club’s retention policy which is available on request.
Are you obliged to provide us with your personal data?
You are not obliged to provide the personal data in question. However, if you do not provide the personal data, we will be unable to perform any contract we have with you for the provision of membership services, judging appointments or eventservices.
Recipients of your personal data
We disclose data to the following outsourced data processorsin line with section 5 of our main Privacy Policy, for the purposes of [purpose]:
Fossedata for entries to shows
Lonsdale Printers for the purpose of mailing newsletters
Kennel Club records The Kennel Club will hold the personal data of officers of the Club/Society as a part of the implementation of Kennel Club Rules and Regulations.
We provide the Kennel Club with details of the Weimaraner Club of Great Britain’sofficers and Challenge Certificate winners at our events in order to meet requirements in the Kennel Club Rules and Regulations.
We provide show entrants’ data to our show printer for inclusion in the show catalogue.
Do we use your data for any automated decision-making?
No personal data is processed for automated decision-making
Any financial data arising from a transactional process will be held securely by the [organisation] in accordance and compliance with all statutory and HMRC requirements.
Health survey 2019
The WCGB is carrying out a new health survey.
This time the Club is looking at how long Weimaraners live and the cause of death. The survey is quick and easy to complete so please take a few minutes to enter the details of your Weimaraners that have passed away. You can repeat the survey multiple times to enter the details of all the Weimaraners you or your family have owned, right back to the 1950s.
The survey can be found below. If you find the text a bit small, please follow this link https://www.surveymonkey.co.uk/r/weimaranersurvey to the survey on SurveyMonkey.
Thank you
Create your own user feedback survey
Buying Guides
Free Downloads
Buying a puppy
Files:
Puppy Guide
(9 votes)
01-07-2020
295.07 KB
391
Guide to the breed
Guide to the breed
(15 votes)
01-07-2020
344.1 KB
236
Updated 2018
WCGB Yearbook
2011 - 2017
Available to buy
£6.64 inc p+p UK mainland
apply to Doug Bennett
Click here
Back to Top
© 2020 Weimaraner Club of Great Britain
| Privacy statement