http://www.rememuseum.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
The REME Museum exists to preserve the heritage and tell the story of the Corps of the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers. We aim to make the collections accessible to internal and external individuals and organisations.
About this privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how the REME Museum uses any personal information we collect about you when you engage with the Museum.
The Museum may change this policy by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to review any changes. This policy is effective from 25th May 2018.
What information do we collect about you?
We ask for your consent to collect personal information for the following reasons:
To send you Museum newsletters and information about events
To process venue and event bookings
To respond to collections enquiries, research and reproduction services
When you sign up as a volunteer
When you sign up for any educational activities
When you voluntarily complete customer surveys, feedback forms and participate in competitions
To include you in photography and filming taking place in the Museum
When you apply to become a Gold Card Holder under the Gold Card Scheme for serving and former serving members of the Corps.
How will we use the information about you?
We will need to collect personal data in order to fulfil our task as a Museum, which includes compliance with legal obligations and to provide you with the service you have requested. When we ask you to provide your personal information we will let you know why we are asking, and how we will use your data.
Marketing and Communication
If you consent we will send you information about activities and services of the REME Museum that may be of interest to you, by post or email. If you have consented to receive marketing and later change your mind, you may opt out at a later date by emailing enquiries@rememuseum.org.uk  or by using the contact details below.
Marketing communications may include:
Details of other products, services or events related to the Museum, such as exhibitions, events and retail offers
News and updates about the Museum
Surveys for market research purposes
Information regarding donations to the Museum
We collect information about you when you make a gift to the Museum’s collections, or indicate a future bequest. This information is used to manage and verify ownership and provenance of the collections, to verify copyright and to provide an audit of ownership. This information will not normally be made publicly available; consent will be sought from the donor if an occasion arises in which the donor’s name is required to be linked to an item on display.
Who might we share your information with?
We will not sell your details to any third parties, nor disclose personal data to any third parties or external organisations, other than trusted data processors and service providers carrying out work on our behalf. Examples of data processors would be mailing houses, event management companies such as Eventbrite, VolunteerMakers, or marketing companies.
How we keep your information secure
The REME Museum has implemented security procedures and rules to protect the personal data under our control from unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, or unauthorised modification. All employees and data processors have been made aware of the requirement to respect the confidentiality of the personal data of our visitors and supporters.
Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you follow links to other websites you should read their own privacy policy.
Access to your personal information and retention
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
If you have previously agreed to us retaining and using your personal information for us to deliver our services, you may change your mind at any time.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request us to correct or update your information
Please email or write to us at the address below if you wish to contact us about managing your personal information.
CCTV and filming/photography by the Museum
CCTV is used in the Museum to provide protection for the Museum’s collection and the safety of both staff and the visitors.
Filming and photography may take place within the Museum during special events and other occasions, and visitors will be notified of this through the use of posters and verbal instructions.
Visitors will be asked to sign a consent form if they are to feature prominently in any recording made.
How to contact us
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing or any other purpose.
Please contact us if you no longer wish to be contacted for any of the above, or if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
By post: REME Museum, Building 311, MOD Lyneham, Chippenham, SN15 4XXX
By telephone:  01249 894869
By email: enquiries@rememuseum.org.uk
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok