https://www.mountgayrum.com/terms-conditions/
The Collection
Cocktails
Heritage
Rum Making
Tour Mount Gay
Buy Online
Find In Store
The Collection
Cocktails
Heritage
Rum Making
Tour Mount Gay
Buy Online
Find In Store
Mount Gay Rum
TERMS & CONDITIONS
TERMS OF USE FOR THE SITE OF Mount gay rum
(https://www.mountgayrum.com)
Welcome on this Website dedicated to the MOUNT GAY brand and accessible at the following URL www.mountgayrum.com (the « Site »).
Please read carefully the following Terms of Use, which govern the use of this Site. By using this Site, you are deemed to have accepted these Terms of Use without reserve.
The Site has been developed for and published by REMY COINTREAU whose registered address is: 21 Boulevard Haussmann
75009 – Paris – France. Registered in Angers N° 302 178 892, e-mail address: consumerservice@mountgayrum.com. Publication Director: Raphaël GRISONI, MOUNT GAY DISTILLERIES MANAGING DIRECTOR.
The website is hosted by Maven Creative 62 W Colonial Dr. Suite 302 Orland, FL 32801
ACCESS TO THE SITE
To access and use this Website you must of legal drinking age within your country of residence (If no such laws exist in your country you have to be over 21 to visit our site) and have available and valid e-mail address.
The abuse of alcohol is dangerous for your health, drink responsibly. Mount Gay supports the responsible consumption of its products through REMY COINTREAU, member of Entreprise et Prévention.
Specific warning concerning age and country of visitors:
This site is intended for the promotion of an alcoholic drink. Please exit this site if you are not of legal age for consuming alcoholic beverages or if you are in a country where the promotion and consumption of alcoholic beverages is not permitted.
You may be required to fill out required fields in a form, indicated as such by an asterisk. In such event, you will be required to fill out such fields prior to entering the Site. Any inaccurate or incomplete registration will not be accepted.
You accept that the data you submit to us and that is stored in our information systems is accurate and acts as proof of your identity. Please inform us as to any applicable change in such data.
Access to the Site and/or certain of its Segments may require the use of personal access codes. In such event it is up to you to take your own steps to ensure the confidentiality of such codes. You can of course change them at any time. However, the number of attempts to access the Site and/or certain of its Segments may be limited in order to prevent fraudulent use of such codes. Please inform us of any fraudulent use that you may become aware of.
In the event of non-compliance with the rules described in these Terms of Use, we reserve the right to suspend your access to the Site. In such event we will inform you as soon as possible.
Even though we try to keep the Site accessible at all times, we cannot guaranty you access in all circumstances. In fact, and in particular for reasons of maintenance, updating, or other reasons which are beyond our control, access to the Site may be interrupted.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Site and the elements that comprise it (such as marks, images, text, videos, etc.) are protected by intellectual property rights. The development of this Site represents a significant investment and work in common on the part of our teams. For this reason, except as expressly stipulated herein, we have not granted you any right other than that of consulting the Site for your strictly personal and private use. All use, reproduction or representation of the Site (in whole or in part) or of the elements which comprise it, on any media whatsoever, for other purposes, including, but not limited to, commercial purposes, is not authorized. On an exceptional basis, we may expressly authorize you to reproduce and/or represent all or part of the Site, on certain media. Any request for authorization in this regard must be submitted in advance to the following email address: consumerservice@mountgayrum.com
USE OF THE SITE
In the first place, we would like to remind you that use of the Site implies that you have available the necessary hardware and software resources for use of the Internet.
Furthermore, we would like to remind you that the Internet does not allow the guarantying of the security, availability and integrity of data transmissions, accordingly we cannot be held liable in the event of errors, omissions, deletions, delays, faults (including, but not limited to, by the actions of viruses), of the lines of communication, the hardware and the software which is not under our control or in the event of non-authorized use or possible degradation of the content published on this Site.
General obligations of the User
We defend the values of toleration and of respect of the rights of others. This is the reason that this site may not be used as a vehicle for racist, violent, xenophobic, malicious, obscene or illicit proposals.
In using this Site, you agree not to:
distribute, injurious, defamatory, non-authorized, malicious content, infringing on privacy or image rights, inciting violence, racial or ethnic hatred;
use the Site for political, promotional or proselytizing purposes;
publish promotional or advertising content;
divert the Discussion Space from its intended purposes, including, but not limited to, using it as a dating service;
distribute information or content capable of upsetting the sensibilities of the young;
Conduct illegal activities, including, but not limited to, infringing on the rights as to software, marks, photographs, images, text, video etc.
We would like to stress that you must hold all rights and/or authorizations with respect to any applicable content that you wish to publish on this Site. In this regard, we recommend not publishing content (in particular photographs) showing recent architectural items, advertising creations, images of clothing designs in which the mark may appear (initials, logos, color code of the brand, etc.). Finally, we note that content (including, but not limited to, photographs and videos) showing minors will not be accepted on this Site.
Specific stipulations for certain Segments
Various Segments may be made available to you on this Site: Downloadable Content, On-Line Applications, User Content, Discussion Space, etc. (the  » Segments « ).
Downloadable Content
We may make available on this Site content that you are authorized to download (« Downloadable Content »). In downloading or using such Downloadable Content, you are deemed to have agreed to use it in conformity with these Terms of Use.
We grant you, for your personal and private use only, royalty free and for the legal term of copyright protection, a non-exclusive, non-transferable, right to use the Downloadable Content. Any reproduction, representation, modification or distribution of the Downloadable Content must be the subject of prior express authorization on our part. Any request for this type of authorization should be submitted to us in advance at the following address: consumerservice@mountgayrum.com
On-Line Applications
We may make available on this Site software applications (the « On-line Applications »). We grant you, for your personal and private use only, royalty free and for the legal term of copyright protection, a non-exclusive, non-transferable, right to use the On-Line Applications. You agree not to modify, adapt, reproduce, correct or distribute the On-Line Applications nor any mark or inscription of title set forth on such On-Line Applications and/or any media related thereto.
Any Content that you may create or produce with the On-Line Application shall be considered as User Content (as described in section (iii) “User Content”.
Please inform us of any possible anomaly affecting the On-Line Applications at the following address: consumerservice@mountgayrum.com
We will then do our best to correct as soon as possible any such possible anomalies.
User Content
We may make available on this Site a space dedicated to user content, such as for example text, photos, videos, etc. (« User Content »).
By submitting User Content to us, you automatically grant use a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, copy, modify, adapt, edit, distribute, translate, create derivative works from, incorporate into other works, distribute and otherwise exploit such User Content (in whole or in part) on any and all medias (including without limitation this Site).
You expressly grant us the right to use the User Content on our own websites but also on third party websites in particular on so-called “social networks”.
You acknowledge and agree that the use of these social networks is exclusively governed by the terms and conditions set up by these social networks. Consequently, you acknowledge and agree that said terms and conditions are binding for us in our use of the Content. Therefore, we may not be held responsible of any use by us or by a third party of the content in accordance with the terms and conditions set out by the social networks and especially but without limitation, in terms of scope of rights, of duration of rights and of deletion of the User Content.
You shall be solely responsible for any third-party claims relating to the use of the Content in accordance with the terms and conditions of the social networks.
Without prejudice to the above, you represent and warrant that you have obtained all the necessary authorizations from all beneficiaries on the User Content regarding such use on the social network.
Finally, you acknowledge and agree (and you confirm that you have informed and obtained all the beneficiaries agreements) that this Content could be subject to “viral” communication (word-of-mouth communication) on these third-party websites and that we will not be liable for any action in this regard.
User Content that you publish on this Site is entirely your choice and your exclusive liability. However, we would like to remind you that User Content must not conflict with the legislation in force or accepted standards of morality and must not infringe on the rights of others. In this regard, we reserve the right to remove at any time User Content that is manifestly illegal and/or contrary to accepted standards of morality and/or which infringes on the rights of others.
Please inform us of any User Content which appears contrary to the legislation in force and/or to accepted standards of morality and/or the principles set forth herein and/or which infringes on the rights of others, at the following address: consumerservice@mountgayrum.com
Discussion Space
We may make available on this Site a space permitting you to communicate with other users (the « Discussion Space »).
The Discussion Space must be used in conformity with the legislation in force, accepted standards of morality, the principles set forth herein and in compliance with the rights of others.
Please inform us of any communication which appears contrary to the legislation in force and/or to accepted standards of morality and/or the principles set forth herein and/or which infringes on the rights of others, at the following address: consumerservice@mountgayrum.com
INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SITE
General provisions
We try to provide you with accurate and up to date information. Nevertheless, transmissions of data and information over the Internet not benefiting from absolute technical reliability, we cannot guaranty the accuracy of all of the data that is included on this Site.
Furthermore, we would like to stress that inaccuracies and omissions may appear in the information available on this Site in particular through intrusion by third parties. Please inform us about any error or omission at the following e-mail address: consumerservice@mountgayrum.com
Information on the products and services
Unless provided otherwise, the products and services which are presented to you do not constitute an offer of sale but a general presentation of the range of the products and services that we distribute in the country in which this Site is published
Hypertext links
The hypertext links implemented on the Web Site may take you to Web sites published by third parties as to which we do not control the content. In consequence, and to the extent these hypertext links have been included on this Site in order to facilitate your navigation of the Internet, the consultation of such third-party Web sites is entirely your choice and your exclusive liability.
Furthermore, if you wish to create hypertext links to this Site, a prior request for authorization must be submitted to us at the following address: consumerservice@mountgayrum.com
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are left on your computer during your navigation of a Web site (such as for example the pages consulted, the date and time of consultation, etc.) and which may be read during your visit to the same Web site.
To benefit from all of the functionalities of the Site, it is better to set the browser to accept cookies. We would like to stress that the cookies do not permit us to identify you and the period for the conservation of the information recorded by the cookies on your computer is 6 months.
Pixel Tags
We and our service providers may also use so-called « pixel tags, » « web beacons, » « clear GIFs » or similar means (collectively, « Pixel Tags ») in connection with some Site pages and HTML-formatted e-mail messages to, among other things, compile aggregate statistics about Site usage and response rates. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel (1×1), that is ordinarily not visible to Site visitors and may be associated with Cookies on the visitors’ hard drives. When used in HTML-formatted e-mail messages, Pixel Tags can tell the sender whether and when the e-mail has been opened.
E-mails to Friends.
In the event that we offer the functionality to permit you to send messages regarding Site-related content to a friend through the Site, you may provide us with your friend’s e-mail address so that we can facilitate your sending a message to your friend; provided, however, that we reserve the right to refuse to facilitate the message for any reason, including without limitation restrictions placed on this functionality by your jurisdiction or that of your friend. We may retain your friend’s email address but will use your friend’s address only as described in this Privacy Policy and will not send additional promotional messages to your friend unless your friend registers with us (or has registered previously). Please note that any personal data you provide in connection with your request to send messages to your friend may be disclosed to your friend.
By using our send-to-a-friend functionality, you confirm that all friends you nominate to receive messages are of legal drinking age in the country where they reside and that they have consented to receiving the email(s) from this Site that you request us to send.
Promotions
We may have promotions or sweepstakes on our Site. When you enter a promotion or sweepstakes, we will ask for Personal Information about you. We will use this information for the purposes of administering the promotion or sweepstakes. We will also use and store this information for the purposes set forth under “Use of Personal Information” above unless you instruct us otherwise either through mechanisms provided with the entry form or by contacting us. Any additional uses for this information will be set forth in the Official Rules of the promotion.
Information Posted by Visitors
We may make available through the Site services such as message boards to which you are able to post information, photos, images and other materials. Please note that any information, photos, images or materials you disclose through such services or otherwise on the Site become public information and may be available to visitors to the Site all over the world and to the general public. In addition, when you choose to make a posting on such services, certain personal data will be available for other users to view. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose personal data, or any other information, on the Site. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF ANY PERSONAL DATA YOU VOLUNTARILY DISCLOSE THROUGH THE SITE.
Also, please recognize that the individual forums and chat rooms may have additional rules and conditions. Each participant’s opinion on a forum or chat room is his or her own and should not be considered as reflecting our opinion.
PRIVACY AND PERSONAL DATA
We may come to collect personal data which relates to you, in particular when you: (i) register for a service; (ii) download Downloadable Content; (iii) use a Segment and/or a diagnostic tool;(iv) register for a game/competition (v) send us an e-mail; (v) respond to a poll or study. This personal data will be the subject of automatic processing and may be used in three different ways:
– Statistical studies: we compile and study your personal data in order to define your profile and better adapt our services to your expectations. These statistical studies are strictly confidential;
– Monitoring of the customer relationship: if you send us a message, the data is kept and used to send a response to your request and to ensure its monitoring
– Provision of services: sending of newsletters, access to certain counselling spaces, etc.
In conformity with the provisions of data privacy laws, you have a right to disclosure, correction, addition and deletion for the data that relates to you. To exercise this right, it suffices to send us an e-mail with proof of your identity to the following address: consumerservice@mountgayrum.com
The name of the business operator handling personal information is as follows: EASIWARE.
MODIFICATION OF THE SITE AND AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS OF USE
We may come to modify the content and information included on this Site as well to amend these Terms of Use, including, but not limited to, compliance with applicable new legislation and/or regulations and/or to improve the Site. Any modification and/or amendment shall be integrated into these Terms of Use.
united states
english
Our Rums
The Port Cask Expression
Eclipse
Black Barrel
XO
1703 Master Select
Pot Still Rum
XO: Peat Smoke Expression
cocktails
All Cocktails
Summer Cocktails
Winter Cocktails
discover mount gay
Heritage
Rum Making
Find Mount Gay Near You
Tour Mount Gay
Contact Us
Mount gay newsletter
Keep up-to-date with special releases, news and events near you.
Email*
Mount Gay for Professionals
Nutritional Information
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
© 2020 Mount Gay
Site By Maven Creative