https://www.wolffer.com/page/info/#privacy
You must be 21 and older to enter this website.
YES, I am 21 or older
NO, I am not yet 21
Thank you for your interest but you must be 21 and older to enter this site.
Skip to main content
Bid Now on The Lighting of the Vines Charity Wreath Auction!
Main Menu
Home
Shop Wölffer
Cart
Reservations
Visit Wölffer
What's New
Find us near you
Wine club
Private events
About us
Gallery
Mailing list
General Info
All
Reds
Whites
Rosé
Sparkling
Cider
Other
Wölffer Cider
Wölffer Kitchen
Wölffer Stables
instagram
facebook
Terms of use
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Wölffer Estate Vineyard's relationship with you in the context of this website.
The term "Wölffer Estate Vineyard" or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the website. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence. From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States.
Wine-Specific Conditions
Legal Requirements
You must be 21 years of age or older, to order or receive alcoholic beverages from Wölffer Estate Vineyard. Receipt of shipments containing alcoholic beverages requires the signature of a sober adult (a person 21 years of age or older who is not intoxicated). Wines purchased from Wölffer Estate Vineyard are not for resale, and are for personal consumption only.
Credit Card Charges
Orders are by credit card only. We accept Visa, MasterCard, and American Express.
Minimum Purchase
No minimum purchase is required.
States Authorized for Direct Shipment
Due to the ever-changing nature of wine shipping laws, we may be able to ship wines, directly or indirectly, to all states except AL, AR, DE, IA, KY, MS, ND, OK, RI, and UT. If Wölffer Estate Vineyard is unable to ship directly to your state, we can arrange for the sale and shipment of our products through a third party. Please note, when dealing through a third party, wine prices, discounts, and shipping costs may differ from those quoted by Wölffer Estate Vineyard.
Shipping Costs
UPS Ground is Wölffer Estate Vineyard carrier of choice. Ground shipping is provided by UPS Ground at current market rates. *Note – If the customer selects UPS Next Day as his or her carrier, the customer pays all shipping charges, regardless of his or her wine club membership or purchase amount.
Wine is a Delicate Commodity
Wine is a perishable commodity. Wine does not like extremes of temperature: hot humid summer and cold winter weather may adversely affect the condition of your wine during shipment. Wölffer Estate Vineyard is not responsible for, and will not replace wine that is damaged by extreme weather conditions during shipment. When your wine order is picked up by the common carrier for delivery, responsibility for the wine becomes the responsibility of the purchaser.
expand
Privacy policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us on our site.
What kind of information do we collect from you when you visit our site? When you visit www.wolffer.com, our stats package from Google collects some basic information about your browser. Examples are things like what type of browser and operating system are you using; how long did you stay on our site; what pages did you look at. This helps us understand how visitors browse our site, so that we can make their shopping experience better. We also collect personal information about you when you check out of our store such as your name, address, postal code, phone number, etc. We need this information to process payment and ship merchandise to you.
Sharing of personal information – we don't do itUnder no circumstances will we share any personal information that we collect with any third parties or web sites. All the information you give us is completely private and used solely for order processing and shipping. If you give us permission to send you marketing emails then we use your email for that purpose, but never does that email get sold or distributed to any other web site or list.
Newsletter Opt-OutIf you have chosen to opt into our newsletter or marketing emails and decide to opt out, we have a simple unsubscribe form that will let you get off our email list. Also, under the member area, you will find a simple form to unsubscribe.
Consumer inquiries and privacyIf you have any questions about your privacy, or want to make changes to your profile, or get off our marketing list, simply send us an email.
Protecting your informationAll the payment information we collect is done so under SSL - a standard internet security measure. Any data that we store about you is kept behind a secure firewall in our database and is not accessible to the public in any way.
expand
Contact us
WÖLFFER ESTATE VINEYARD
T 631-537-5106
E info@wolffer.com
THE WINE STAND
T 631-537-4771
E info@wolffer.com
WÖLFFER KITCHEN
AMAGANSETT
T 631-267-2764
W wolfferkitchen.com
E info@wolffer.com
SAG HARBOR
T 631-725-0101
W wolfferkitchen.com
E info@wolffer.com
WÖLFFER ESTATE STABLES
T 631-537-2879
W wolfferestatestables.com
E info@wolffer.com
expand
Returns & cancellations
Wölffer will replace or refund you for any bottle of wine that is damaged, flawed or that the customer finds unsatisfactory. We ask the customer return the unfinished portion of the original bottle for replacement. By law, we cannot accept returns of alcoholic beverages unless the product is corked, or flawed. We are also unable to accept return of wine that was damaged due to adverse weather conditions during shipment, or wine that is ordered in error. Please send an email to info@wolffer.com to arrange for the return of corked or flawed product.
Once the wine is received we will refund your credit card account for the cost of the wine less shipping and handling. If the original shipment was damaged or flawed you will receive a full refund, including shipping and handling charges.
Please contact the tasting room at 631-537-5106 for return instructions.
A 15% restocking fee will be applied to all canceled orders.
expand
Press
If you are a member of the press interested in covering Wolffer Estate or Wolffer Estate wines, please reach out to our Marketing Manager, Emily Ely 631.537.5106x932 or eely@wolffer.com
expand
FAQs
RESERVATIONS
How do I book a reservation?Book online here! https://www.exploretock.com/wolfferestatevineyard/How do I change a reservation?In the confirmation email you received from TOCK, you can modify your reservation time, party # or cancel
PRODUCTS
Where can I find your products?Find us near you here!We can ship wines to all states excluding: AL, AK, AR, DE, KY, MS, RI, UT, KS, AK, HI, IA, MO, ND, NE, NM, OK, SD and WY.We can ship ciders to all states excluding: AR, DE, GA, IA, KY, LA, MD, ME, MS, NC, NJ, OK, RI, SD, TN and UT.We can ship spirits within NY and to AZ, DC, ND, NE, NH and NV.Why can’t you ship to x? Unfortunately, we have shipping restraints to certain states, but hopefully we’ll be able to expand and ship there in the future!Is your wine vegan?Not all of our wines are vegan. There are some reds that may not be. Let us know a specific wine you are interested in consuming, and we can let you know!
VISITING
What’s the difference between the wine stand and the tasting room?The Tasting Room is located at 139 Sagg Road while the Wine Stand is located at 3312 Montauk Highway. Both offer seating outdoors near the vines and serve similar menus offering all our wines by the glass bottle, ciders, and small plates like cheese and charcuterie.Do you allow dogs?We can only accommodate dogs recognized by the ADADo you allow children?Yes! Children are permitted and are considered part of your full party numberIs there a place to park a limo?We cannot accommodate buses and limos, so we recommend that they drop off your party and return later to pick you up.Are there any hotels near you that you recommend?Yes! Many of our guests enjoy staying at Baker House, 1770 House, Hunting Inn and White Fences
DISCOUNTS
Do you offer any discount codes?We offer free shipping online for all orders over $50. The discount will be applied when you go to checkout. We also offer case discounts of 10% off 1 case, 15% off 2 cases and 20% off 3-9 cases. WIne Club members also receive 15% off on all purchases.
EVENTS
I want to explore a wedding at Wolffer. Can you tell me more?Please contact our events director, Sue at scalden@wolffer.com, for all inquiries regarding weddings and private events
expand
Wölffer Wine Club
Shop Wölffer
Sign up
Join the Wölffer mailing list to keep up-to-date with our latest releases, special offers and the many events as Wölffer.
Name
Email
Privacy policy
Submit
Click here for wholesale inquiries