http://www.myvietnamvisa.com/privacy.html
Check status
Home
How to apply
Visa fees
FAQs
Answers
Apply Online
More
Check requirements
How to get visa
Visa on arrival
Visa Information
Business visa
Emergency visa
Visa exemption
Contact us
Testimonials
Application forms
Urgent visa
Home
General Information
Privacy statement
Privacy statement
Your personal information is protected with us.We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors, as set out in this privacy policy. By applying for a visa to Vietnam with Myvietnamvisa.com, you agree to accept the following conditions of our privacy statement.1. What information do we collect?We will collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data: information that is required to complete a visa application such as your name, passport number, date of birth and date of arrival in Vietnam.2. Using your personal dataPersonal data submitted on this website will be used for processing the visa approval letter by Cong ty Du Lich Da Nang in Hanoi.Once the service is completed and the approval letter is sent to the applicant, the information and record of the applicant will be automatically deleted. MyVietnamVisa.com is not to be held accountability and responsibility for the problems and claims associated with personal data and privacy issues.Special note: Vietnam visa approval letter is usually issued in group and therefore, you may find your name, passport number and date of birth in the same letter as other people. Only under special circumstances, request for an individual approval letter should be sent to our email address: sales@myvietnamvisa.com. MyVietnamVisa.com is not to be held accountability for any issues arising from the group approval letter.3. Policy amendmentsWe reserve the rights to update or amend this privacy policy anytime by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are aware of these changes.4. Third party websitesThe website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.5. Updating informationPlease let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated. Once the approval letter is issued, you cannot update the information but reapply for a new one.6. ContactIf you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us: sales@myvietnamvisa.com
Frequently asked questions
Contact sales if you have additional questions.
Contact support if you already submitted your visa application on our website.
Back to top
Why apply with us
3-5 working days processing
No Hidden Charges
Prompt Support via chat, email, phone
Accept Credit/Debit Cards
100% money back guarantee for declined applications
Apply Now
Need more help?
Contact us at:
(+84) 909-333-023
(8.00 AM-16.00 PM, GMT +7, Whatsapp)
or submit your inquiry online
As seen on