http://www.partsmike.com/index.php/content/privacy-and-security
Main Menu
Home
About Us
4x4 Technical Support
Vendors
Contact
Mike's Jeep
For Sale!!
Catalog Home
"All Products"
"Best Sellers"
"Monthly Specials"
"New Products"
Advance Adapters and Atlas Products
ARB products
Axles
Bearings - Master overhaul - seals - gasket sets
Body
Brackets, Tabs, Builder pieces
Brakes
Clutch
Cooling System
Cruiser Billet Products
Dana 30
Dana 35
Dana 44
Dana 44 Breakdown
Dana 60
Driveline, Yokes, U-Joints
Electrical, Wiring, Switches, Gauges
Engine
Fastners - nuts, bolt, studs
Fuel System
Seals
Services, Labor - Installation and Machining
Speedometer drive gears, VSS sensors, Speedometer Cables
Spherical Rod Ends
Steering
Suspension
Tie Rods Ends and Drag Links
Tools - Specialized
Toyota
Transfer Case
Transmission
Tube Inserts and Builder Parts
U-Bolts
Advanced Search
Site Use
Returns
Terms of Use
Privacy and Security
Parts Search
GO
Advanced Search
Account Options
Username:
Password:
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Get an Account
PRIVACY & SECURITY
Parts Mike Incorporated values its customers and all technically feasible steps are taken to protect their privacy. We do not sell or rent personal information. In order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have prepared this statement disclosing the privacy practices for the entire site. Additional terms and conditions, if any, regarding the collection and use of your information may also be provided to you before you sign up for a particular service.
What Information is Collected:
In general, when you visit our website and access information, you remain anonymous. Personal information from visitors to our website is collected on a voluntary basis only and an explanation is provided as to its use at the time it is requested. This collected personal information is used to respond to online queries, supply requested information on Parts Mike Incorporated products and services, enable online sales, ship ordered products, establish approved links, and for internal market analysis. Parts Mike Incorporated collects certain information from and about its users in three ways -- directly from the user, from our server logs, and with cookies.
User-Supplied Information:
When you sign up for an account on our site we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, and some other personal information. The more accurate information you volunteer, the better we are able to customize your website experience.
Server Log Information:
When you visit a website, you disclose certain information about yourself, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the time of your visit, and the referring location (e.g., the site or page that offered a link to our page). Parts Mike Incorporated, like many other sites, records this basic information about visits to its site. This information helps us identify which areas of our site are of interest to our visitors. We review the IP addresses of our visitors for the purposes of system administration, to improve the content of our pages, and to verify web traffic to our site.
Cookies:
"Cookies" are simply pieces of information that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer. The use of cookies is relatively standard and you will likely find them used on other major websites. Cookies allow us to provide you with a more personalized, convenient experience. For example, we may use cookies to help remind us of who you are and to deliver content and services based on your account information.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser either to notify you when you receive a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. You should understand that certain areas of many sites may not function properly if you set your browser to not accept cookies or if you reject a cookie. Many anti-spyware/adware programs flag and/or delete persistent cookies like ours just to be on the safe side, but our cookies will never adversely affect the performance of your computer or your browser.
How We Protect Your Information:
This site uses an encrypted database requiring a username and password to protect all of your personal information. We do not store cedit card information. Transactions are offloaded to a third party secure site. We use strong security measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of your information once it is in our records. Your access to some services and content is password protected.
The privacy and protection of your personal information is vitally important to us. Parts Mike Incorporated does not make personal information available to any third parties without your permission. Parts Mike Incorporated may disclose personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to protect the rights or property of Parts Mike Incorporated.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, despite our efforts to protect your personal information, Parts Mike Incorporated cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or from our online products or services. However, once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
How You Can Help Protect Your Information:
We recommend that you do not divulge your user name and password to anyone. Parts Mike Incorporated will never ask you for your password in any situation. In addition, if applicable, you should remember to sign out of your Parts Mike account at the end of each session. You may also wish to close your browser window when you have finished your work, especially if you share a computer with someone else, or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe.
You should remember that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online, such as on message boards, through e-mail, discussion groups, or in chat areas, your information can be collected and used by others, and you do so at your own risk. You are also solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords you set up and/or any account information.
Parts Mike Incorporated does not intend to collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without permission of the child's parent or legal guardian. Children under the age of 13 should submit personally identifiable information to Parts Mike Incorporated only with the explicit permission of their parent or legal guardian. Where appropriate, Parts Mike Incorporated will instruct children not to submit personal information. If your child has submitted personal information and you would like to request that such information be removed, you may do so by contacting Parts Mike Incorporated at 530-885-0673 and reasonable efforts will be used to comply with your request.
Links To Other Sites:
This website may contain links to other third party sites. We take steps to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy. However, we are not responsible for the privacy standards and practices of third parties. Parts Mike Incorporated strives to keep online visitor information secure against unauthorized access and use.
How to Correct Inaccuracies:
If you sign up for an online account, we may send you an e-mail confirming your new account. The message will be sent to the address that you supplied us and will describe ways for you to change or delete the account information provided. Remember to keep the confirmation e-mail as it will also contain information that will help you in case you run into problems accessing our services.
Amendments to Our Web Site Privacy Policy:
We may, from time to time, amend our Privacy Policy. If we do, then we will post such amendments to this document so that you may always have access to our most recent policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of our Privacy Policy at any time. If, at any point, we decide to disclose personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by e-mail. You will be given the choice at that time to "opt-out" of any disclosures of your personal information that you made available to us prior to the change in our policy.
Quality Customer Experience:
Parts Mike Incorporated is committed to quality customer experience. We are constantly reviewing your feedback to improve and enhance your shopping experience. You can tell us what you think by contacting us at 530-885-0673, Monday through Friday, 8AM to 5PM pacific time.
Copyright © 2015 by Parts Mike Incorporated
Proud Sponsors
Powered by Squirrelcart © PHP Shopping Cart Software