http://www.nadelhaus.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice Effective Date: May 1, 2018 This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy” discloses the privacy practices for Nadelhaus German Shepherds (the “Company”) and our website; https://www.nadelhaus.com (the “Site”). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect; With whom it is shared; How it can be corrected; How it is secured; How policy changes will be communicated; and How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Site” refers to the Company’s website, which can be accessed at https://www.nadelhaus.com. The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to the Company. “You” refers to you, as a user of our Site. By accessing our Site, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, and you consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We collected “Non-Personal Information” and “Personal Information.” Non-Personal Information includes information that cannot be used to personally identify you, such as anonymous usage data, general demographic information we may collected, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, preferences you submit and preferences that are generated based on the data you submit and number of clicks. Personal Information includes your name, email address, and contact information, which you submit to us through the Site. We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any. Change/correct any data we have about you. Have us delete any data we have about you. Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Orders We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you. Sharing We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. And/or: We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order. And/or: We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. Children’s Privacy The Site is not directed to anyone under the age of 13. The Site does not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have gathered personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without the consent of a parent or guarding, we will delete that information as soon as possible. If you believe we have collected such information, please contact us at nadelhaus@aol.com Cookies Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site. Your Rights Regarding the Use of Your Personal Information You have the right at any time to prevent us from contacting you for marketing purposes. When we send a promotional communication to a user, the user can opt out of further promotional communications by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each promotional e-mail. Please note that notwithstanding the promotional preferences you indicate by either unsubscribing or opting out in the opt-out link in the promotional e-mail, we may continue to send you administrative emails including, for example, periodic updates to our Privacy Policy. Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information. Changes To This Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 1, 2018, and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website. Other Provisions as Required by Law Numerous other provisions and/or practices may be required as a result of laws, international treaties, or industry practices. It is up to you to determine what additional practices must be followed and/or what additional disclosures are required. Please take special notice of the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA), which is frequently amended and now includes a disclosure requirement for “Do Not Track” signals. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (530) 624-7850 or via email at nadelhaus@aol.com.
Scroll