http://www.expeditiontrips.com/privacy/
Privacy
Privacy
Print
Starting ResearchStill DecidingReady to Book
Privacy Policy
ExpeditionTrips and Inspired Travel Collection Privacy Statement
Updated August 25, 2020
We at ExpeditionTrips and Inspired Travel Collection respect your privacy, and we work hard to earn and keep your trust. Personal information that you choose to submit to us will only be used to enhance your ExpeditionTrips and Inspired Travel Collection experience and facilitate your trip planning processes. Please take a few moments to read through this page so you understand how we use the information you provide.
We operate an online and consultative service (by email, phone, and chat) that provides users with services pertaining to researching,  booking, and preparing for trips, by land and sea, that are operated by third-party operators. In this Statement, this trip planning service is referred to as our “Services”. Our Services are owned and operated by Atlas Expeditions LLC, a Washington limited liability company, dba ExpeditionTrips and Inspired Travel Collection, (“ExpeditionTrips” and “Inspired Travel Collection”). By visiting our website and related applications, whether on a computer, phone, tablet, or similar device (these are all referred to as a “Device”), you are accepting the practices described below.
Information Collected
When you access or use our Services, we collect information from and about you to provide a more personalized and relevant experience. Information collected may include the following:
Contact information, including name, phone number, DOB, and postal and email addresses
Billing or payment information (such as your credit card number, cardholder name, expiration date, authentication code, and billing address)
Username and password (for optional ExpeditionTrips website registration)
The contact and travel preference (destination/activity interest) information collected during site registration and updated over time as you use our site is stored in your Member Profile, which is primarily intended to assist you in making reservations and personalizing the ExpeditionTrips and Inspired Travel Collection service level for your benefit. It is also used to offer certain travel opportunities that match your preferences (see 'Just-Released Offers' below). You can update your ExpeditionTrips profile at any time simply by clicking on the ‘Log In’ link and then clicking 'Edit My Profile’.
Photos, reviews, forum and social posts, and videos you may have provided to us
Geolocation information
Device information, such as when you accessed our Services and information about the Device used (for example, IP address, software or internet browser used, preferred languages, unique Device identifiers and advertising identifiers)
Online activity, including pages you have visited, content reviewed, and apps reviewed
Information about your travel plans and preferences including the country or countries visited, and information about your trip (such as whether you traveled solo or as part of a group). We may also collect information about your health (based on medical eligibility requirements for some operators and destinations) and diet (for example, if the trip Operator needs to address dietary restrictions). In addition, we will maintain a record of the correspondence between you and our Expedition and Travel Advisors with respect the planning and/or booking of your trip.
Chat and communications with our Expedition and Travel Advisors
If you are a Travel Agent who wishes to work with us, we will collect information about you and your agency, including identification information of the agency contact persons, and information necessary to process payments.
If you wish book travel on behalf of other members of your travel party, you may be required to submit the names, email address, birthdates, and other information about your travel companions. By providing us with any of this information about another person, you are representing to us that you have obtained that person’s consent to giving us that information so that we can use it in accordance with this Statement, including consent from Parents/Guardians for submission of personal information for minors.
If you engage with an Expedition or Travel Advisor listed on our Services for itinerary planning purposes, or in connection with the purchase of travel insurance, we may  collect applicable billing information from you, such as credit card or bank account information. This information may be collected through one of our third-party service providers.
If you submit a review of your trips or participate in a contest or promotion, we will collect any personal information that you include as a part of your participation. The specific information collected will depend on the nature of your participation and submission, but may include information such as your name, image, and likeness. For example, when you post a review on our site, your name (as you wish for it to be viewed by others), any trip photos you elect to include, and all of the information you choose to share about the trip you are reviewing.
Aggregate Information
We may track the total number of visitors to each page of our websites, browser type, IP addresses, external web sites linked to. We may analyze this data for trends and statistics, but such information will be maintained and used in aggregate form only, and it will not contain personal information.
Information Uses
We use information about you so we can help you enjoy and use our Services, including in the following ways:
Register and manage your account
Communicate with you about the creation of travel bookings
Provide it to third party payment processors for payment processing
Notify you about special “Just Released” offers and products or services available from us or our partners that may be of interest to you. The information you enter during (optional) website registration is used to notify you of promotions that match your destination and activity interests. Your e-mail address is required to notify you when such offers are made available.
Enable communication between travelers and third-party travel operators
Enable us to publish your reviews and photos
Send you survey or market research invitations. We value the opinions of our site visitors. Occasionally ExpeditionTrips and Inspired Travel Collection may post surveys on the site to gather feedback or suggestions. Contact information may be requested to identify you; however, surveys are optional so any information you submit will be done so voluntarily. Survey results will be aggregated and used to make improvements to ExpeditionTrips and Inspired Travel Collection, their sites, and general policies and procedures.
Respond to your questions and comments. On certain areas of our site—such as within 'Trip Details' pages—there are contact forms where you can request additional information. In such circumstances you are required to enter your contact information, such as e-mail address and/or phone number, in order for us to fulfill your request.
Enforce our terms of use and notices; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection
Notifications about usage of the Services
Information Sharing
In order to provide some of our Services, we may need to share information with third parties in the following circumstances:
Third-Party Vendors and Operators:
We may share information about you with the third-party trip Operators whose travel products we offer. For example, when you submit a request to booking cruise, land, air, or insurance service, we will provide the requisite information to help book your travel. This sharing is generally pursuant to written agreements which include confidentiality, privacy, and security obligations; however, please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party operators. We recommend that you review the Operator’s own privacy policy to determine how they may use or disclose your personal data. Third parties may only collect or access information as needed to perform their permitted functions.
When you pay for certain travel planning services through the site, we will provide personal information to our service providers who assist us with processing and directing payments, refunding payments, and otherwise addressing inquiries relating to payments and refunds.
If you use our Services in connection with the purchase of travel insurance, we will provide personal information to our insurance partners, who need that information to issue and administer the requested policy.
We may share personal information with third-party providers who assist ExpeditionTrips and Inspired Travel Collection with data management, marketing, and/or surveys. We provide these service providers only with the information they need to perform their services, and work with them to respect and protect your privacy. We will never sell, trade, or rent your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes.
If you book a trip through ExpeditionTrips and Inspired Travel Collection, we will convey passenger and travel details to travel suppliers so they can deliver the services you have booked.
We may share general information but only in an aggregate, non-identifiable format. In the event that ExpeditionTrips and Inspired Travel Collection or its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Information Options
You have options with respect to the collection and use of your information. As a user of the ExpeditionTrips site, you can access and update your account by visiting the Member Profile page on our website at https://expeditiontrips.com. In addition, you may delete your Member Profile by emailing us your request at site@expeditiontrips.com.
Your options:
You may choose the way you communicate with us via email, phone, or chat. You can choose not to provide us with certain information via certain platforms, although certain personal information will be required to fulfill your travel booking requests.
You can request to add, update information, and delete your Member Profile. If you request to delete your profile, we will deactivate your account. We may retain some information associated with your account (including past transactions) for internal purposes including backups, fraud prevention, dispute resolution, investigations, and legal compliance for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Statement.
You may opt out of our ExpeditionTrips Just-Released Offers program and/or our newsletter service at any time through at https://expeditiontrips.com. Members will be notified by email in the event that any action is taken.
Information Security
We have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect your information. We only authorize specific employees to access personal information and they may do so only for permitted business functions. We also employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized access to your information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of information from unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, or other circumstances outside of our control.
Information Retention
We will retain copies of your information for as long as you maintain your account or as necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Statement, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period. In addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise, or defend any legal rights.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are automatically placed on your Device when you visit almost any website. They are stored by your internet browser and contain basic information about your internet use. Your browser sends these cookies back to a website every time you revisit it, so it can recognize your Device and improve your interaction with the site by, among other things, recording guests pathways and providing you with a personalized experience. We also use cookies to remember your login details, so you don’t have to re-enter them repeatedly when you use our Services.
Cookies cannot retrieve personal information from your computer. If you are uncomfortable with cookie technology, please adjust your browser’s privacy settings accordingly.
Links This Privacy Statement applies to the ExpeditionTrips and Inspired Travel Collection sites only. Where these sites contain links to other sites, ExpeditionTrips and Inspired Travel Collection are not responsible for any other sites or their policies. When you click through to other websites, we recommend that you become familiar with other site’s privacy policies.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, or would like to reach out to us, please email site@expeditiontrips.com.
Europe
General Data Protection Regulation Privacy Statement (“GDPR Statement”)
This GDPR Statement applies to persons in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including those based in the United Kingdom. This GDPR Statement supplements our Statement; however, where the Statement conflicts with the GDPR Statement, the GDPR Statement will prevail as to persons in the EEA.
Your rights with respect to your own personal data include the following:
The right to request access to your personal data. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
The right to request to correct your personal data if it is inaccurate. You may also supplement any incomplete personal data we have, taking into account the purposes of the processing.
The right to request deletion of your personal data if:
your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we collected or processed them; or
you withdraw your consent if the processing of your personal data is based on consent and no other legal ground exists; or
you object to the processing of your personal data and we do not have an overriding legitimate ground for processing; or
your personal data is unlawfully processed; or
your personal data must be deleted for compliance with a legal obligation.
The right to object to the processing of your personal data. We will comply with your request, unless we have a compelling overriding legitimate interest for processing or we need to continue processing your personal data to establish, exercise, or defend a legal claim.
The right to restrict the processing of personal data, if:
the accuracy of your personal data is contested by you, for the period in which we have to verify the accuracy of the personal data; or
the processing is unlawful and you oppose the deletion of your personal data and request restriction; or
we no longer need your personal data for the purposes of processing, but your personal data is required by you for legal claims; or
you have objected to the processing, for the period in which we have to verify overriding legitimate grounds.
The right to data portability. You may request that we send this personal data to a third-party, where feasible. You only have this right if it relates to personal data you have provided to us where the processing is based on consent or necessity for the performance of a contract between you and us, and the processing is conducted by automated means.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights described in this Statement). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. In an effort to speed up our response, we may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request. You can exercise several of your rights through the personal information section of your account. To exercise your other rights, you can contact us at site@expeditiontrips.com
Information Uses
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.
Pursuant to GDPR, we will use your personal data in one or more of the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third-party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
With your consent
Please select all destinations that interest you and click Show.
All Destinations
Advanced Search
Antarctica
All Antarctica
Antarctic Peninsula
Antarctica/Falklands/S Georgia
South Georgia
Falkland Islands
Ross Sea
Sub-Antarctic Islands
Central & South America
All Central & South America
Galapagos
Peru
Argentina
Amazon
Belize
Brazil
Chile/Patagonia
Costa Rica/Panama
Patagonia - Use Chile/Patagonia
North America
All North America
Alaska
Baja California
Hawaii
Western USA
Western Canada
Eastern Canada
Arctic
All Arctic
Svalbard
Canadian Arctic
Churchill
Iceland/Greenland
North Pole
Russian Arctic
Middle East
All Middle East
Caribbean
All Caribbean
Cuba
Around the World
Wildlife Safari by Private Jet
Solar Eclipse Voyages
Worldwide Voyage
Europe
All Europe
Azores
The Baltics
Britain/Ireland/Scotland
Eastern Europe
Mediterranean
Scandinavia/Norway
Western Europe
Asia
All Asia
India
Indonesia
Japan
Mongolia
Papua New Guinea
Russian Far East
Southeast Asia
Africa and the Indian Ocean
All Africa & Indian Ocean
East Africa
Southern Africa
West Africa
Egypt
Indian Ocean/Madagascar
Madagascar
Seychelles
South Pacific
All South Pacific
Australia and New Zealand
All Australia & New Zealand
Australia
New Zealand
Sub-Antarctic Islands
Show