http://www.cruise-ireland.com/privacy-policy/
Select a Route Select a RouteBanagher Start and FinishBellanaleck Start and FinishBellanaleck to Carrick or vice versaCarrick Start and FinishCarrick to Banagher or vice versa
Select a Boat Select a BoatHelp me choose (my boat)Roscommon Class (10 + 2 Berth)Fermanagh Class (8 + 2 berth)Tipperary Class (6 Berth)Waterford Class (6 + 2 Berth)Clare Class (6 + 2 Berth)Wave Queen (5 Berth)Longford Class (4 Berth)Linssen 35.0AC (4 + 2 berth)Kilkenny Class (4 + 2 Berth)Wave Earl (4 + 2 Berth)Wexford Class (4 + 2 berth)Limerick Class (4 + 1 berth)Wave Princess (4 + 1 berth)Tyrone Class (2 + 1 Berth)Wave Duke (2 + 1 Berth)Carlow Class (2 + 2 Berth)Penichette 1500R (8 + 2 Berth)Penichette 1400FB (8 + 1 Berth)Penichette 1165FB (6 + 1 Berth)Penichette 1120R (4 + 2 Berth)Penichette 1020FB (4 + 1 Berth)Penichette 935W (3 + 2 Berth)Linssen 34.9AC (4 + 2 Berth)
Select a Date
Select a Duration 3 Nights4 Nights5 Nights6 Nights7 Nights9 Nights10 Nights11 Nights12 Nights13 Nights14 Nights
Availability & Pricing
Read Carrickcraft Privacy Policy
More Privacy-policy
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Your personal information is personal, so we always treat it with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, and we will never pass on, sell or swap your information with any other company for their own marketing purposes.
What information do we hold about you?
When you make a booking, we record your name, address, telephone numbers, e-mail and crew names. If you pay by Credit Card, we process your card online or offline but we do not store your Credit Card information as this is only held by our Card Agent, Realex. We also use Cookies on our website (see below). If you have signed up to our Mailing List on the website, we record your first name and email address.
How do we use your information?
We will use your booking information to keep you informed of the progress of your booking, up to and including sending you a feedback form after your holiday. We may also use text messages to send important information during your holiday.If you have given us permission, either by signing up to our email list from the website, or by giving consent during your booking, we may send you emails with marketing communications. Unless otherwise stated, our processing of your personal data, as summarised in this notice, is in pursuit of our legitimate business interests as a holiday provider, committed to providing you with the very best holiday experience.We will not retain your data for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this notice. Different retention periods apply for different types of data, however the longest we will normally hold your data is 5 years.
Your rights regarding your personal data
If you receive our email based marketing communications, you can choose to opt out at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link that appears in every one of our email newsletters. Please note that you may continue to receive our communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are fully updated.You also have the right to:• Ask that we correct or update any personal information that is incomplete, inaccurate or out of date.• Ask that we erase your personal data from our systems.• Ask that we stop processing your data or restrict processing where we haven’t compelling legitimate grounds which override your interests, rights and freedoms.• Request access to the personal information we hold about you.• Object to us profiling your data, where we haven’t compelling legitimate grounds which override your interests, rights and freedoms.• Request that any data provided by you in the context of actively consenting to some form of processing, be returned to you or transferred to another company in electronic form.• Lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) in the UK or the Data Protection Commissioner in Ireland.If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please get in touch with us using the link below. Please note that we may ask for proof of identity before providing or updating any personal information we hold about you and if we have a legitimate reason as to why we are unable to fulfil any requests, we will always explain the reasons why.
How to contact us
Our Data Protection Officer is always happy to help and answer any questions you have about our Privacy Policy. Simply write to them at Carrickcraft, Unit 4, 3 – 9 Fairgreen Road, Markethill, Co. Armagh BT60 1PW or alternatively click here for other ways to get in touch.
Cookies
This web site uses “cookie” technology. A cookie is a piece of text stored by the browser on your computer, at the request of our server. We may use cookies to save your personal preferences so you do not have to re-enter them each time you connect to our web site. Our cookies are not available to other web sites. Cookies are desirable for some functionality available on the Cruise Ireland website. No personal information is recorded, but we use Google Analytics to track your journey through our site to improve the experience for all users. We also use Cookies to show you remarketing advertisments when you vist other selected websites. You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this web site, but generally the site will work satisfactorily.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this web site so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use Personal Data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Privacy Policy, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
November 2018
Book Now