https://www.ultimatecampresource.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Camp Activities
Camp Art Projects
Camp Games
Camp Skits
Camp Songs
Campfire Stories
Ice Breakers
Ropes Course Activities
Team Building Activities
Camp Videos
Camp Staff Resources
Submit an Activity
About Us
Contact Us
Home / Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Ultimate Camp Resource LLC website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
Email Address
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order.We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our newsletter as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Cookies
We host Google ads on our site, as well as third-party provider ads. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email via our contact form.
Submit An Activity
Got an idea for a camp activity that you'd like to send us? Click the button below and fill out the form to submit it.
Submit Activity
Follow Us
FacebookPinterestRSSTwitterYouTube
Find Camp Activities
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Submit an Activity
Camp Art Projects
Camp Games for Summer Fun!
Camp Skits
Ultimate Collection of Camp Songs
Camp Staff Resources
Camp Videos
Campfire Stories for Kids
Ice Breakers
Ropes Course Activities
Team Building Activities