http://www.ctars.org/club/ctars-privacy-policy/
Ctars :: CTARS Privacy Policy
Connecticut Area Reef Society
HomeMeetingsThe ClubFragtoberfestCTARS SponsorsLutz TankContact UsLinks
CTARS Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.ctars.org and Connecticut Area Reef Society and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Connecticut Area Reef Society include www.ctars.org and CTARS. The CTARS website is a non-profit organization site. By using the CTARS website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
CTARS may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase CTARS's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by CTARS. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the CTARS website.
CTARS encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from CTARS so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. CTARS is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the CTARS website.
Use of your Personal Information
CTARS collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
CTARS may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from CTARS and its affiliates. CTARS may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
CTARS does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
CTARS may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to CTARS, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
CTARS will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CTARS or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CTARS; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of CTARS, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
CTARS secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Children Under Thirteen
CTARS does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from CTARS by contacting us here:
- Web page: www.ctars.org
- Email: nrbphotography@gmail.com
Changes to this Statement
CTARS will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. CTARS encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how CTARS is protecting your information.
Contact Information
CTARS welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that CTARS has not adhered to this Statement, please contact CTARS at:
Email Address:
nrbphotagraphy@gmail.com
Effective as of January 1, 2019
President: Nichole Lawrence (sassAwrasse)Vice President: Earl Courchesne (good_vibes_reefing)
Secretary:Bob Nicholson (RTN)
Treasurer:
Aaron Jones (A.Jones)
CTARS Privacy Policy
Site Designed by:Impact Strategic MarketingSite Updated 2-27-19
Education Outreach & Coordinator:Anthony Wasley (waz)Webmaster:Jason Clark (Vaiodude)
Vendor Coordinator:Jeremy St.Louis (JerSaint)