http://www.keele.ac.uk/study/postgraduatestudy/tuitionfeesandfunding/postgraduatefunding/awardsandprizes/schoolofsocialscienceandpublicpolicy/
Skip to Main Content
close
Home
Home
Study
Research
Discover
Business
Connect
Contact us
How to find us
Students
Staff
Mobile app
Privacy & Cookies
Menu
Contact Us
Find Us
Search
GO
staff
students
a-z
staff directory
privacy & cookies
social media
Home
Study
Research
Discover
Business
Connect
Postgraduate funding
Explore this Section
Explore this Section
Postgraduate loans and PGCE (UK/EU)Postgraduate bursaries and scholarships
(UK/EU)Postgraduate bursaries and scholarships (international)Hardship fundsThe Keele Key FundAwards and prizes
University Prizes
Cross-Faculty Prizes
School of Chemical and Physical Sciences
School of Computing and Maths
School of Geography, Geology and the Environment
School of Humanities
Keele Management School
Language Centre
School of Law
School of Life Sciences
School of Nursing and Midwifery
School of Pharmacy
School of Politics, Philosophy, International Relations and the Environment
School of Psychology
School of Social Science and Public Policy
School of Medicine
School of Health and Rehabilitation
/ Tuition fees and funding / Postgraduate funding / Awards and prizes / School of Social Science and Public Policy
School of Social Science and Public Policy
Best Overall Performance in Criminology
Award type: Cheque
Amount: £25
This prize is awarded to the final year undergraduate student who achieves the best overall performance in Criminology.
This prize will be listed on the HEAR, and will be announced at graduation.
Best Overall Performance in Education
Award type: Cheque
This prize is awarded to the final year undergraduate student who achieves the best overall performance in Education.
This prize will be listed on the HEAR, and will be announced at graduation.
Best Overall Performance in Social Work
Award type: Cheque
This prize is awarded to the final year undergraduate student who achieves the best overall performance in Social Work.
This prize will be listed on the HEAR, and will be announced at graduation.
Best Overall Performance in Sociology
Award type: Cheque
Amount: £25
This prize is awarded to the final year undergraduate student who achieves the best overall performance in Sociology.
This prize will be listed on the HEAR, and will be announced at graduation.
Mervyn Taylor Prize
Award type: Book token
Amount: £25
This prize is awarded in memory of Dr Mervyn Taylor, previous Head of the Department of Education, who died in 1998.
The prize is awarded annually by the Senate, on the recommendation of the Head of School, to the Principal Education student producing the best dissertation on the Educational Studies undergraduate course.
This prize will be listed on the HEAR, and will be announced at graduation.
Mike Collison Memorial Prize
Award type: Cheque
Amount: £50
This prize is awarded in memory of Mike Collison, Lecturer in Criminology, who died in 1996. It will be awarded annually by the Senate, on the recommendation of the Head of School, and will be divided between the best undergraduate Criminology dissertation and the best MA/MRes Criminology and Criminal Justice dissertation.
This prize will be listed on both the student transcript (PGT) and the HEAR (UG), and will be announced at graduation.
The Ben Elliman Prize
Award type: Cheque
Amount: £250
Established in memory of Ben Elliman; a second year Criminology and Psychology student, who sadly and very suddenly passed away in 2014. It is awarded annually to a third year undergraduate student of Criminology who can demonstrate one or more of the following criteria: 1) contribution in citizenship and volunteering, 2) contribution to university life, 3) overcoming hardship, disability or other personal adversity, and 4) academic achievement (defined as a student who averaged a 2:1 or a First in the Criminology modules).
This prize will be listed on the HEAR, and will be announced at graduation.
The Ronnie Frankenberg Prize for Outstanding Undergraduate Dissertation in Sociology
Award type: Book Token
Amount: £250
The Ronnie Frankenberg Prize for Outstanding Dissertation in Sociology is awarded by Keele University an the Sociological Review Foundation Limited. This prize recognises the contribution of Ronnie Frankenberg to both Keele Sociology and The Sociological Review and reward excellence in the discipline at the University. The prize will be awarded to the final year single honours or combined honours sociology student who attains the highest mark of the cohort in the sociology dissertation module.
This prize will be listed on the HEAR, and will be announced at graduation.
(Go back to the list of Schools)
Using our site
Privacy and cookies
Accessibility
Terms and Conditions
Feedback
Students and Staff
Student Keele Learning Environment (KLE)
Staff Keele Learning Environment (KLE)
Mobile App
Support
Other Policies and Legal Information
Data Protection and Information Governance
Charity Registration
Modern slavery
Policy Zone
General Conditions of Purchase
Study at Keele
Foundation Courses
Undergraduate Study
Postgraduate Taught Study
Postgraduate Research
Continuing Professional Development
International Students
Quick links
Accommodation
Arts Keele
Central Services
Conferences and Events
Food and Drink
Job Vacancies
Language Centre
Libraries
Open Days and Offer Holder Days
Order a prospectus
Schools and Colleges Outreach
Sport:Keele
Student Financial Support
Student Support
Students' Union and Postgraduate Association
Support Keele University
Sustainability at Keele
How to find us
Keele University
Staffordshire, UK
ST5 5BG
Tel: +44 (0)1782 732000
888 (on campus security)
Email: Contact us
Campus Map: Campus map
Find Us: Find us
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
LinkedIn
Instagram
Access information
Fairtrade
Athena Swan
modify