http://www.ghsport.com/Privacypolicy.htm
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.ghsport.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization or our representatives for your region, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services.
By providing information to the site that forms the basis of communication with you, such as contact information, you waive all rights to file complaints concerning unsolicited emails from Creative Systems since, by providing such information, you agree to receive communications from us or our representative for your region.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security measures
We take certain measures to enhance the security of our Site and Service, as it is in our interest to do so. However, we make no representations as to the security or privacy of your information. It is in our interest to keep our websites secure, but we recommend that you use anti-virus software, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security threats.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately at the address below:
Creative Systems, Inc.
PO Box 1910, Port Townsend, WA 98368
phone: (360) 385-6212; fax: (360) 385-6213
Email: support@ghsport.com
Copyright (C) 2018, Creative Systems, Inc.