https://www.greatdanerescueinc.com/help/index.html
Skip to main content
Home
About Us
Our Mission
Our Message
Surrender Your Dane
Contact Us
Privacy & Security Policy
Adopt A Dane
Want To Adopt?
Available Danes
Adoption Application
Help Our Cause
Donate
Become A Foster Home Volunteer
Report Danes In Need
Wish List
Fundraisers!
Events & Information
Calendar
Announcements & Special Events
Humane Education
Newsletters
Foster of the Quarter
State Rescues
International Rescues
Great Dane Genetics
Special Needs Dogs
Great Dane Gallery
Related Links
Financial assistance for pets
Shop To Support Rescue
Rescue Wear
For Dane Lovers
Dane inspired glassware
Magnets
Dane Wear
Virtual Mall
Shop Items
Back to Shop
New! I love my Adopted Dane T-shirt $15.00
I love my Adopted Dane T-shirt (2XL - 5XL) $18.00
Adopted my best friend - ribbon
Rescue Ribbon
Rescue Multi-colour ribbon
Rescue RWB Ribbon
Life is better with a dog magnet
Life is better with a dog magnet
Woof magnet
I love my Great Dane bone
I love my rescue bone
Don't stop until they all have a home
I love my Great Dane paw and face
All my children have paws
Bark for the cure
Rescue Transport Vehicle
Foster Parent
Rescue Mom
Pirate Bandana
Big Dog, Bigger Love T-shirt
Cupcake Bandana
$12.00
Puppy dog Bandana
$12.00
Dane Lover Christmas Package - $35.00 plus s & h
Wine Package # 1
Wine Lover Package 2
Kitchen Package 1
Kitchen Package 2
Great Dane Christmas Package 1
Great Dane Christmas Package 2
GDRI Christmas Tree Ornament
Donate
Become A Foster Home Volunteer
Report Danes In Need
Wish List
Fundraisers!
The holiday season is always a time of reflection for us. We think about the pups we’ve healed and the pups that we’ve found homes for and those that will stay on with us as permanent fosters.
There was Joni dumped in a shelter after being starved and had little hair left on her rear end from malnutrition. And, Clyde—he came in about 5 years ago with a broken rear leg that had not been treated and fused so he could not bend it. He went to a wonderful couple for 4 years and then had to be rehomed because the couple had a new baby with terrible allergies. They were broken hearted but had to return him to GDRI. He’s now in his forever home. Elvis came to us with overgrown nails, malnourished and a bacterial infection over his entire body. Elvis needed to be an only dog and a wonderful new adopter stepped up and adopted him. Old Zeus was surrendered at 10 years old through no fault of his own and Charlie who was going to be shot in the woods because he had allergies and scratched constantly. Both were wonderful dogs and had wonderful outcomes thanks to GDRI.
These are just some of the Danes that we were able to help because of your incredible generosity. We couldn’t look after the Danes that we do without your help. Every cent that is donated to Great Dane Rescue Inc. is used to support our Danes. We are a 100 per cent volunteer organization.
Help us help them this Christmas with a donation. Our Danes thank you and wish you Happy Holi-Danes!