http://www.roadandtravel.com/company/marketing/privacypolicy.htm
Travel Channel
Adventure Travel
Advice & Tips
Airline Rules
Bed & Breakfasts
Cruises & Tours
Destination Reviews
Earth Tones
Family Travel Tips
Health Trip
Hotels & Resorts
Luxury Travel
Pet Travel
RV & Camping
Safety & Security
Spa Reviews
Train Vacations
Travel Directory
What Women Want
Automotive Channel
Auto Advice & Tips
Auto Buyer's Guides
Car Care Maintenance
Car of Year
Awards
Earth Aware Awards
Insurance & Accidents
Legends & Leaders
New Car Reviews
Planet Driven
Road Humor
Road Trips
RV & Camping
Safety & Security
Teens & Tots Tips
Tire Buying Tips
Used Car Buying
Vehicle Model Guide
What Women Want
Follow
Us
Facebook | Twitter
Road & Travel Magazine
Privacy
Notice Table Of Contents:
Our
Commitment To Privacy
The
Information We Collect
How
We Use Information
Our
Commitment To Data Security
Our
Commitment To Children's Privacy
How
To Access Or Correct Your Information
How
To Contact UsOur
Commitment To Privacy
Your
privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice
explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about
the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find,
we make it available on our home page and at every point where personally identifiable
information may be requested. The
Information We Collect
This
notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the ROAD & TRAVEL
website. On most pages, you can register to receive RTM's free biweekly newsletter.
To opt into the newsletter you may fill out all the information or only your email.
Your email address is the only information required in order to
receive the RTM biweekly newsletter. The
Way We Use Information
We
use the email address you provide to send you the RTM biweekly newsletter only if you've signed up. We
do not share this or any other information you provide with outside parties at
any time.You
can register with our website if you would like to receive our free newsletter.
Your email and other information provided by you will not be used for any other
purpose or shared with outside parties. We
use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and
to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number
of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men
and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose
anything that could be used to identify those individuals. Finally,
we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online
in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity
to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our
Commitment To Data Security
To
prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use
of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our
Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting
the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never
collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are
under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
RTM is aimed at upscale professionals, 24-59, who are interested in automotive
and travel-related content. How
You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You
can change any or all your personally identifiable information that we collect
online by sending an email using our contact form.
Clearly state in the body of your email that you want to make changes to your
personally identifiable information, and what those changes are. We use this procedure
to better safeguard your information. You may also opt-out of the RTM free newsletter
at any time by simply sending an email using our contact form with the word
remove in the subject line and your full name and email address to whom
the newsletter is going. This should be typed in the body of the email.
You
can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending
us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security,
we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access
or making corrections. How
To Contact Us
Should
you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, send us an email
using our Contact Form.
Celebrating 30 Years: 1989 - 2019 | Contact | Privacy
| Event Productions | Site Map | RTM Back Issues
| About
Copyright
©1989 - 2022 | ROAD & TRAVEL Magazine | All rights reserved.