https://www.rhdr.org.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy & Cookie Policy
INTRODUCTION
To deal with any enquiries, we need to ask for, store and use some personal information. This Privacy Policy explains what information we need, why we need it, who we share it with and how long we keep it for.
EMAIL CORRESPONDENCE
If you email us with an enquiry or any other matter, we will retain this email correspondence for up to 6 months, then delete it. This is sufficient time for any issues to be resolved and for any follow-up discussions. As noted above, we may also record brief notes about the outcome of the email correspondence to allow us to action whatever we have agreed.
INFORMATION SHARED WITH THIRD PARTIES
We use Google Analytics to track website visitor numbers, page popularity and other similar data. Google will use your IP address and a cookie to track this. The information available to us from Google Analytics is aggregated and anonymised, which means we cannot identify you as an individual. If you wish to block access to Google’s cookies in your web browser this will not affect your ability to order from our website. The Google Analytics privacy policy is available at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
All the personal data we hold is stored in the United Kingdom. Emails and paperwork are stored in our offices in New Romney.
COOKIES
We use cookies to remember who you are as you browse around the website. These just contain a unique random identification code and do not contain any personal information. They are automatically deleted after 6 hours. If you block our cookies in your web browser you may not be able to use some of the website features. However, you can still contact us via phone (01797 362353).We use Google Analytics as detailed above, and their system uses cookies. If you wish to block access to Google’s cookies in your web browser this will not affect your ability to order from our website.
ACCESSING, CORRECTING, AND DELETING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you wish to obtain the full personal information we hold, please email us at info@rhdr.org.uk. We will gather the information and send it by email within 30 days of your request. There will be no charge for this. If having received this full information you require any corrections, please email us again at info@rhdr.org.uk. We will carry out the requested changes and send you the corrected parts only as by email within 30 days of your request. There will be no charge for this. If you wish to have all your personal information deleted from our systems, please email us at info@rhdr.org.uk. We will carry out the requested deletions and confirm by email within 30 days of your request. There will be no charge for this. If you wish to find out what personal information any of the third parties mentioned above hold about you, request corrections or deletion, please refer to their privacy policies and contact them as appropriate. We cannot act on your behalf as they will only accept your request directly from you.
QUESTIONS?
If you have any questions or require any clarification or further details regarding our privacy policy or our handling of your personal information, please email us at info@rhdr.org.uk. We will respond as soon as possible but please allow us up to 30 days.
JOIN OUR COMMUNITY
To keep up to date with our latest news, events and offers, please leave your email below
Please check your email address
Thank you for joining. Keep an eye on your inbox for news and offers from RH&DR