https://www.crewseekers.net/terms/
The small print
Terms and Conditions
Crewseekers Limited cannot warrant the accuracy of any details supplied to us and published on this website.  Members must satisfy themselves as to the suitability and safety of any yachts on which they propose to sail and the competence of the skipper and/or crew that they intend to sail with. There are risks attached to sailing and Crewseekers Limited cannot be held responsible for any accident, injury loss or damage however caused as the result of any introductions made via this website.
Definitions
www.crewseekers.net (‘the website’) is operated by Crewseekers Ltd, a company registered in England number 04017601 and whose registered office is at Tollgate, Chandlers Ford, Eastleigh, S053 3LG.
In these Terms and Conditions www.crewseekers.net, Crewseekers, Crewseekers International, ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ shall mean Crewseekers Ltd. In these Terms and Conditions ‘the website’ means www.crewseekers.net - the website on which sailing opportunities will be listed and the channel which will be marketed by us. References in these Terms to ‘the vessel Owner’ shall mean the individuals, companies and/or organisations whose sailing opportunities are provided for listing on the website for the purpose of attracting crew requests referred via the website. In these Terms, ‘users’, ‘member(s)’, ‘crew(s)’ or ‘you’, means the person(s) using the website to view and/or enquire about the sailing opportunities provided by the vessel Owner(s). In these Terms, ‘sailing opportunity’ means the advertisement published by Crewseekers on behalf of the vessel Owner(s).
About us
Crewseekers is not a vessel owner or operator or provider of the sailing opportunities listed. Neither is the company an employment agency or business. Crewseekers’ responsibilities are limited to facilitating the publishing and marketing of the vessel Owners sailing opportunities. Nothing on this website constitutes an offer on our part. The sailing opportunities detailed in this website constitute an invitation to you to make an offer to the vessel Owner(s) to participate in their sailing voyages, subject to terms that are mutually agreed between you and the vessel Owner(s).
You understand and agree that Crewseekers is not a party to any agreements entered into between vessel Owner(s) and crew, nor is Crewseekers a broker, agent or insurer and we cannot and do not control or warrant the condition, legality or suitability of any sailing opportunities or vessels, or capacity, skills or qualifications of any skippers or crews and Crewseekers hereby disclaims all liability in this regard to the maximum extent permitted by law.
All sailing opportunities featured or referred to are subject to confirmation of availability and no warranties, promises or representations are given as to availability.
Except as set out in these Conditions, no warranties, promises and/or representations of any kind, express or implied, are given as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the material or information contained on this website or as to the nature, standard, suitability or otherwise of any arrangements. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage or other sum or claim of any nature whatsoever (direct, indirect, consequential or other) which arises, directly or indirectly, in connection with this website including, for the avoidance of doubt and not by way of limitation, any use of any information or material contained in this website or any inability to access or use (or delay in doing so) this website.
Accordingly, the listing, planning, providing, or partaking in or of any sailing opportunities are at the vessel Owner(s) and crew members own risk. All exclusions of liability apply only to the extent permitted by law and where consistent with these Conditions. If any exclusion(s) or limitation(s) contained in these Conditions is found, in whole or part, to be unlawful, void or for any other reason unenforceable for any purpose(s), that exclusion(s) or limitation(s) or the part(s) in question shall be deemed severable and omitted from these Conditions for that purpose / those purposes. Such omission shall not affect the validity, effectiveness or enforceability of the other provisions of these Conditions.
Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions, we are entitled to the benefit of any applicable exclusions and/or limitations of liability permitted by the laws of any country found to be applicable to the information shown on this website and/or any services offered by us or on our behalf.
The information contained on this website may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical and other errors. The information on these pages will be updated from time to time and may at times be out of date. We have the right to change the details of the sailing opportunities featured or mentioned on this website at any time without prior notice. If any detail is obviously incorrect, neither we nor any vessel Owner(s) will be bound by it.
We accept no responsibility for keeping the information on these pages up to date or liability for failure to do so. You must ensure you check all details of the arrangements with the vessel Owner(s) at the time of agreeing to participate. We make no warranty that this website (or any websites that are linked to this website) is free from technical errors, computer viruses or any other malicious or impairing computer programmes. It is your responsibility to ensure you carry out sufficient checks (including virus checks) to satisfy your particular requirements.
As a condition of your use of this website, you warrant to us that you will not use it or any material or information on it for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Conditions. You warrant that you are at least 16 years old and have the legal authority to use this website in accordance with these Conditions. You agree to be financially responsible for all charges, fees and other sums of whatever nature which arise out of your use of this website.
The trading names "Crewseekers", "Crewseekers International", "Crewseekers Direct Sailing", the internet addresses "crewseekers.co.uk " and "crewseekers.net" and the Crewseekers Sun/Yacht logo are the intellectual property of Crewseekers Limited and may not be used copied or reproduced in any form without the specific permission of Crewseekers Limited.
Ownership and security of information
All information provided by Crewseekers Limited is subject to copyright, is privileged and provided for the exclusive use of a registered and current member of Crewseekers Limited.  Yacht owners details and any other information provided by Crewseekers must not be passed to any other person under any circumstances. Any breach of this condition will result in immediate termination of Crewseekers membership, wihtout refund of membersip fees, and possible legal action.
Crew membership
Sailing opportunities are free to view. To make contact with vessel Owner(s) or their appointed representatives a paid crew membership is required. Crew membership entitles members to request and receive personal contact details of vessel Owners. Crew membership is provided for the purpose of viewing full sailing opportunity details.  Sailing opportunities are viewable via the website and also the regualr newsletter.  The provision of the newsletter is part of the membership package offered and purchased.  Crewseekers Limited reserves the right to refuse, suspend, or terminate membership at their sole discretion. Membership is open to all ages and experience levels subject to acceptance. Members under the age of 18 must provide parental/guardian consent. Crew membership is available by subscription only and all fees due are payable on registration. Current membership fees are as advertised on the website. Crewseekers may vary membership fees at their sole discretion at any time. Membership is available for 6,12 or 18 months subject to acceptance. Membership is non-transferable and Crewseekers Limited are unable to provide credit or refunds for any unused portion of membership. Single membership means one named member. Partners' membership means two named members who intend to sail together. Group membership is not available. By registering you authorise Crewseekers Limited to circulate your personal details in the course of their agency. You understand and agree that sailing opportunity information is supplied to Crewseekers by the vessel Owner(s) and members must satisfy themselves as to the suitability and safety of yachts on which they propose to crew and the competence of the skipper and other crew.
Yacht owner registration
Vessel owner(s) may register free of charge and post sailing opportunimty listings provided that any contribution required from crew members does not include any element of profit or contribution towards the capital costs of the vessel. Any contribution sought from crew should be a reasonable amount to cover the direct daily running costs of the vessel only. If contributions are sought beyond this then vessel Owner(s) should use Crewseekers Directory service. Registration entitles yacht owners to have their personal details and crew requirements circulated to Crewseekers crew members free of charge via the Crewseekers website, by email, telephone or by any other means that Crewseekers considers appropriate. Crewseekers Limited reserves the right to refuse, suspend or cancel a yacht owner registration at any time at their sole discretion. Membership is open to all ages and experience levels subject to acceptance. Members under the age of 18 must provide Parental/Guardian consent. Yacht owners may validate personal crew membership details with Crewseekers Limited subject to the terms of our privacy policy. Yacht owner registration is available for an unlimited time period and is subject to acceptance. Yacht owners are requested to ensure that all crew members who contact them are current members of Crewseekers and entitled to use our service. By registering you authorise Crewseekers Limited to circulate your personal details. Yacht owners are requested to promptly notify Crewseekers of changes of personal circumstances such as change of address, personal contact details, changes to the vessel, or changes to any advertised voyage. Yacht owners undertake to advise Crewseekers as soon as any advertised trip is full, amended or withdrawn for any reason. Yacht owners are reminded of their legal responsibility for the safety of their vessel and their crew at all times in accordance with International Maritime Law. Crewseekers Limited recommends that you hold adequate insurance for your vessel, third party insurance, personal accident, sickness and life insurance cover. Information is given by the crew member, and yacht owners must satisfy themselves as to the suitability and competence of any crew they engage.
Fair usage policy
If we consider the number of contacts being requested in any period appears to be unusually high in relation to the requirements of the member or membership activity is higher than we would normally expect to see in the course of our business, or if there is a problem contacting yacht owners, we may request members to contact us by email or telephone to discuss their specific requirements.
Security and safety
A safety checklist is available on the advice page of the website. Crewseekers Limited recommends that you hold adequate personal accident, sickness and life insurance cover. Please see our link page for agents offering insurance cover. All members are expected to act in a professional and respectful manner at all times and report any illegal or suspicious activities to the relevant authorities in accordance with international maritime law and the laws of the country that they are visiting at the time.
Modifying these Terms
We may change, add or delete these terms of use or any part of them from time to time at our sole discretion. We will provide you with reasonable notice of any changes. We may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of our service at any time. We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to all or parts of the website without notice or liability where we consider in our sole discretion that you are in breach of any provision of these terms or of any law or regulation and where we decide to discontinue providing a service. Your continued use of the website following the posting of any such notice of any changes will indicate acceptance by you of such modifications.
Privacy Policy
See our Privacy Policy for information and notices concerning our collection and use of your personal information.
Disclosure of Information
Crewseekers may access, preserve and disclose any of your information if we are required to do so by law, or if we believe in good faith that it is reasonably necessary to (i) respond to claims asserted against us or to comply with legal process, (ii) enforce or administer our agreements with users, such as these Terms, (iii) for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, customer support, product development and de-bugging purposes, or (iv) protect the rights, property or safety of Crewseekers, its users, or members of the public. You acknowledge that Crewseekers has no obligation to monitor your access to or use of the website or Online Content, but has the right to do so for the purpose of operating and improving the website (including without limitation for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation and customer support purposes), to ensure your compliance with these Terms, to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body, to respond to content that it determines is otherwise objectionable or as set forth in these Terms.
Third Party Websites
The website may provide, or third parties may provide, links or other access to other sites and resources on the Internet. Crewseekers has no control over such sites and resources and is not responsible for and does not endorse such sites and resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Crewseekers will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, events, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource. Any dealings you have with third parties found while using the Site, Application or Services are between you and the third party, and you agree that Crewseekers is not liable for any loss or claim that you may have against any such third party.
We are not responsible for the content of such websites. We provide these links for your convenience only but do not monitor or endorse the material on them. We cannot accept any liability whatsoever and howsoever arising in relation to any such other websites (including, for the avoidance of doubt and not by way of limitation, any inability to access or delay in accessing any such other website) or in relation to any material or information appearing on them or which you may otherwise come across after leaving our site by way of a hypertext link or any other means. In addition, Crewseekers is not responsible for the accuracy, availability or reliability of any information, content, goods, data, opinions, advice or statements made available in connection with Social Networking Services. As such, Crewseekers is not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Social Networking Services. Crewseekers enables these features merely as a convenience and the integration or inclusion of such features does not imply an endorsement or recommendation.
Express Assumption of Risk and Responsibility/Participation
In recognition of the inherent risk of the sailing opportunities and related activities in which you are intending to engage, you confirm that you are physically and mentally capable of participating in the sailing opportunities, that you are willingly and knowingly electing to participate in the sailing opportunities in spite of the potential risk of danger, and you willingly and voluntarily assume full responsibility for any injury, loss or damage suffered by you or caused by you, including emotional injury or injury to person or property, whether caused in whole or in part by the negligence, fault or wrongdoing, whether expected or not, of the owners, directors, agents, officers, employees, contractors, or subcontractors of Crewseekers or of other people on the sailing opportunity. You understand and acknowledge that due to the possibility of remoteness of where you may travel, emergency evacuation and/or search and rescue may be delayed or unavailable and that medical facilities and supplies may be limited and you acknowledge that it is your responsibility to assess the impact such limitations may have on any existing medical condition(s). It is your responsibility and obligation to inform a vessel Owner(s) at the time of your embarkation, of any medical or physical disability or limitation that might disable you or render you unable to perform or safely complete the sailing opportunity. You further acknowledge that you are the best judge of your own conditions and limitations and that it is incumbent upon you to fully disclose the full extent of any such conditions or limitations to the vessel Owner(s). Travel Insurance We highly recommend the purchase of travel insurance to protect you against financial loss due to non-refundable costs, and fees due to unexpected cancellations and travel emergencies. Travel insurance also may protect you against emergencies while traveling, such as trip interruption, trip delay, missed/cancelled flights, lost or stolen baggage/personal items, illness/injury and much more. We recommend Topsail’s specialist Yachtsman’s Travel Insurance, which can be purchased at Topsail insurance at your own cost and risk. Crewseekers does not make any representation, warranties or covenants with respect to travel insurance. Please review any insurance policy that you may have for your sailing opportunity carefully, and in particular please make sure that you are familiar with and understand any exclusions to, and any deductibles that may apply for, such insurance policy.
Copyright
The copyright in the material contained on this site belongs to us or its licensors. This website is for your personal and non-commercial use. No part of this website may be reproduced in any form without our prior consent, other than temporarily in the course of using our service or to keep a record of a transaction entered into using our service. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, sell or in any other way use any material, information, products or services contained or featured on this website.
Applicable Law
These terms are governed by English law and the courts of England and Wales have jurisdiction (unless you live in Scotland or Northern Ireland, in which case you can bring proceedings in your local court under Scots or Northern Irish law, as applicable.) No warranties and/or representations of any kind, express or implied, are given as to the compliance of the information shown on this website, the arrangements offered, any information relating to such arrangements and/or our business in any respect with any laws of any other country.
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions please contact us at info@crewseekers.net
we love sailing as much as you do
Crewseekers is run by experienced, professional sailors offering a friendly and helpful service to yacht crew and owners. We are the original yacht crew introduction agency – established for over 25 years, offering amateur and professional sailing opportunities throughout the world.
Read our story