http://www.elydistrictscouts.org.uk/privacy/
0845 643 6250
dc@elydistrictscouts.org.uk
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy
www.elydistrictscouts.co.uk and The Ely District Scout Council take the issue of privacy very seriously and we are committed to protecting and respecting our users’ privacy. This Privacy Statement sets out our current data processing practices and should be read in conjunction with our Terms & Conditions. If you have any queries or concerns regarding these practices, you should contact us at webmaster@elydistrictscouts.co.uk
1. The Information we collect
The only circumstances in which we will provide any of your personal data to a third party for non commercial purposes are those contained in this Privacy Policy.
2. Registration information
When you register with www.elydistrictscouts.co.uk, we ask for your name, email address and postal code. We usually also capture your IP address at the time you register.
3. Sharing of data
We may share data supplied by you (or collected about you) with other parts of The Scout Association e.g. Scout Shops Ltd.
4. Advertising
www.elydistrictscouts.co.uk may include interactive advertising for other businesses as part of the site operation. We may use, and provide to third parties, your contact details if you have given us permission to do so.
5. Legal jurisdiction
All personal information and details held on and processed by computers situated in the United Kingdom.
6. Further information.
www.elydistrictscouts.co.uk may as part of it’s normal operation send out information emails. Members can decide to ask for these emails as they register.
7. Disclosure of data by order of a Court and Security
We reserve the right to communicate a Member’s personal information as we hold to third parties who are empowered by regulation, statute or order of a court.
We have security measures in place to protect our customer database. Access to this database is restricted internally. However, it remains each Member’s responsibility:
to keep their password secret;
to protect against unauthorised access to your personel Details;
to log off from the www.elydistrictscouts.co.uk Service when not using it; and
to ensure against use by anyone else of the www.elydistrictscouts.co.uk Service through the machine that Member uses while they are “logged on” to the www.elydistrictscouts.co.uk Service
to search and obtain only the data specifically required and allowed for relating to their role.
8. Cookies
www.elydistrictscouts.co.uk uses small files known as “cookies” to enhance your use of the site. They have the following functions:
To hold Members’ login information. This option can be turned off by switching the “Remember Your Password” option to “No” in your registration details.
To ensure the best use of the www.elydistrictscouts.co.uk Service by Members, by means of a temporary cookie. These cookies disappear when the Member’s browser session ends, or if the Member clicks the “sign off” text.
9. The Data Protection act
You can obtain further information about data protection laws by visiting the Information Commissioner’s website at www.dataprotection.gov.uk.
10. Contacting www.elydistrictscouts.co.uk
If you want to contact us to raise any questions about this privacy statement, or any general matters relating to www.elydistrictscouts.org.uk, you can contact us using this email address: webmaster@elydistrictscouts.co.uk.
Please use this address if you wish to request from us a copy of the personal data we hold about you. Please note that under English law we are entitled to charge you a fee for providing this service.
Useful informationCookie Policy
Child Protection/Legal
Privacy
Upcoming Events
There are no upcoming events.
View Calendar
Add
Add to Timely Calendar
Add to Google
Add to Outlook
Add to Apple Calendar
Add to other calendar
Export to XML
Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Lost Password