https://www.site-street.com/cookies-policy/
Skip to content
What are cookies?
This website uses cookies to collect information. Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other mobile or handheld device (such as smart phones or tablets) as you browse this website. They are used to remember when your computer or device accesses this website. The cookies are essential to the effective operation of our website and to enable to you shop with us online. Cookies are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to our customers, both on this website and elsewhere.
Information collected
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour by people who access this website via the same computer or device. This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and the customer journey around a website. We do not, however, use cookies to collect or record information on users’ name, address or other contact details. We are able to use cookies to monitor individual customer browsing and purchasing behaviour but third parties are not able to identify customers using cookies.
Who sets the cookies?
The cookies stored on your computer or other device when you access this website are set by us, our suppliers who partner with us to help deliver a high quality website and on-line shopping experience, and other third parties.
Some cookies are set by or on behalf of us and are necessary to enable customers to a make purchases on our website.
What are cookies used for?
The main purposes for which cookies are used are:-
For technical purposes essential to effective operation of website, particularly in relation to on-line transactions.
To drive our marketing, particularly banner advertisements and targeted updates.
To enable us to collect information about the browsing and shopping habits and activities of customers, including to monitor the success of campaigns, competitions etc.
To enable us to meet our contractual obligations to make payments to third parties when a product is purchased by someone who has visited our website from a site operated by those parties.
How do I disable cookies?
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies. How to do this will depend on the browser you use and we provide further details below on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers:-
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Internet Options”
Click on the “privacy” tab
Select the setting the appropriate setting
For Mozilla firefox:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Options”
Click on the icon “privacy”
Find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options
For Opera 6.0 and newer:
Choose the menu Files”> “Preferences”
Privacy
What happens if I disable cookies?
This depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the site may not operate properly if cookies are switched off. If you only disable 3rd party cookies you will not be prevented from making purchases on this site. If you disable all cookies you will be unable to complete a purchase on this site.
Share this page
Share on facebook
Facebook
Share on twitter
Twitter
Share on linkedin
LinkedIn
Share on pinterest
Pinterest
Domain Search
Domain:
.co.uk
.com
.net
.org
.org.uk
.uk
.co
.me.uk
.eu
.info
.biz
.ws
.tel
.tv
.ltd.uk
.plc.uk
.xyz
.club
Customer Log In
Email:
Password:
Forgotten your password?
Sign up for an account
Log in to your webmail
3 Parkside CentrePotters WayTemple Farm Industrial EstateSouthend on SeaEssexSS2 5SJ
Registered in England and Wales No. 6061057Registered for VAT No. 286 0539 81Registered Address: Clarence Street Chambers, 32 Clarence Street, Southend on Sea, Essex. SS1 1BD
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Pinterest
The best software to sync with Google DriveClick here for £5 off
What is my IP address?
Remote Support
Close Menu