http://www.the-british-chihuahua-club.org.uk/AboutUs/privacy.php
THE BRITISH C H I H U A H U A CLUB
Home
About Us
History of the Club
The BCC Committee
Membership
BCC Rules
BCC Code of Ethics
Judges List
Our Yearbook
Club Newsletter
Show Results
2014 Champ Show
2011 Champ Show
2011 Open Show
2010 Champ Show
2009 Champ Show
2007 Champ Show
2007 Aug Open Show
2007 May Open Show
2006 Champ Show
2006 Aug Open Show
2006 May Open Show
Crufts 2006
2005 Champ Show
2005 Aug Open Show
2005 May Open Show
Crufts 2005
2004 Champ Show
2002 Champ Show
Contact Us
PUPPIES!!
Buying a Chi Puppy
Chihuahua Rescue
About BCCRA
Interested in Adoption?
All About Rescue
Rescue FAQs
Rescue Stories
Contact Rescue
Reports
2010 BCCRA Report
2009 BCCRA Report
2008 BCCRA Report
2007 BCCRA Report
2006 BCCRA Report
2005 BCCRA Report
Chi Care
About Chihuahuas
Breed Standards
Merle Database
Buying a Chihuahua
Dogs in Cars
Taking Care of Your Chi
Medical Care
Shop
Yearbooks, Mugs & more
Miscellaneous
BCC Yearbooks
A Great Chihuahua
Chihuahua Stories
Chihuahua Facts
Chihuahua Poems
Chihuahua Jokes
Chihuahua Links
Privacy
GDPR Privacy Notice
GDPR Privacy Notice
1. Introduction
The British Chihuahua Club is committed to protecting your personal information and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Notice sets out the basis on which any personal data that we collect from or about you, or that
you provide to us, will be processed by us.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation
[the GDPR], the data controller is the British Chihuahua Club.
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. Please check back regularly to see any updates or changes
to this Notice.
2. Data Protection Contact
The contact details for our Secretary for any data protection queries are as follows:
3. Data Protection Principles
We will comply with data protection law. This says that the personal information we hold about you must be:
Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is
incompatible with those purposes.
Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes.
Accurate and kept up to date.
Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
Kept securely.
4. Particulars of processing
We process personal data about members, judges, ring stewards and competitors/exhibitors at our events. The
categories of person about whom we process personal data are described in more detail in the Annex to this
Privacy Notice.
5. Your rights as a data subject
The General Data Protection Regulation provides the following rights (subject to some exemptions):
The right to request access to the personal data that we hold about you;
The right to request rectification of the personal data that we hold about you;
The right to request erasure of the personal data that we hold about you;
The right to request restriction of processing about you;
The right to object to processing; and
The right to data portability.
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Secretary
(contact details above.)
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance
with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) full contact details for which
can be found at https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
6. How we will use information about you
We will only use your personal information when the law allows us to.
Most commonly, we will use your personal
information in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we have entered into with you.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and
fundamental rights do not override those interests.
We may also use your personal information in the following situations, which are likely to be rare:
Where we need to protect your interests (or someone else's interests).
Where it is needed in the public interest [or for official purposes].
We will generally process your personal data for contractual necessity in providing membership services and
events.
We may also use personal information for additional relevant and related purposes where you might
reasonably expect us to do so, where the benefits of doing so are not outweighed by your own interests or
fundamental rights or freedoms. This may include:
To maintain our records and other administrative purposes, including updating your details and preferences:
To assist with queries, complaints and dispute resolution;
For communications related to membership and invitations to participate in canine activities or canine
health studies:
To assist with upholding our club constitution and taking action in cases where there may be a breach of
the Club rules or Codes of Ethics.
We will ask for your direct consent IF we intend to use your personal data for marketing purposes. Where our
processing of personal data is based on your having given consent, you have the right as a data subject to
withdraw that consent at any time.
If you wish to invoke this right, please notify the Secretary using the
contact details set out in Section 2 above.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In the United Kingdom, the supervisory
authority is the Office of the Information Commissioner, full contact details for which can be found at
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Recipients of Data
We may use service providers to help us provide you with our services. Personal data may be transferred to
such service provider, who act for or on our behalf, for further processing in accordance with the purpose(s)
for which the data was originally collected or may otherwise be lawfully processed. Such third parties have
contracted with us as data processors under the requirements in the GDPR. They are contractually bound to only
use personal data for the agreed purpose(s). Relevant persons working for these third parties will have access
to your personal data under the terms of the data processor contract, but only to the extent necessary to
perform their services for us.
These data processors agree to implement reasonable contractual and technical protections, to keep your
data confidential, not sell your personal data to third parties and to not disclose your personal data to
third parties except as may be required by law, as permitted by us or as stated in this Privacy Policy.
In appropriate circumstances we may disclose data to authorised bodies as required by law.
Visitors to British Chihuahua Club website - Cookie Policy
We do not use cookies to monitor how people use our website.
10.	Contact details
Please contact the Secretary above if you have any questions or concerns about personal data and privacy matters.
ANNEX
This Annex sets out the British Chihuahua Club's processing of personal data relating to members (including
officers and committee members), judges and exhibitors/competitors at our events.
What personal data do we process, why do we process it and what is the lawful basisfor doing so?
Members
Data kept: name, address, email, phone, join date, paid upto
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
Purpose
Lawful basis
Provision of membership services including administration and transactional communications relating to
membership
Contractual necessity
Upholding the Club/Society Rules and Code of Ethics
Contractual necessity
Compliance with Kennel Club Rules and Regulations
Contractual necessity
Contacting you regarding newsletters, invitations and information about club events/meetings, etc.
Legitimate Interests
(Officers and Committee Members only) Publication in the Club newsletter and yearbook or on the website
Consent
Judges
Data kept: Name, address, email, phone, breed/level
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
Purpose
Lawful basis
Administration and transactional communications relating to judging appointments
Contractual Necessity
Upholding the Club/Society Rules and Code of Ethics
Contractual Necessity
Compliance with Kennel Club Rules and Regulations (including sharing relevant required information)
Contractual Necessity
Publication in the Club Judges' List and for appointments in the show schedules
Legitimate Interests
Exhibitors
Data kept: Name, address, email, phone, and dog information
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
Purpose
Lawful basis
Administration and transactional communications for exhibitors/competitors entering our events
Contractual Necessity
Provision of services relating to our events
Contractual Necessity
Upholding the Club/Society Rules and Code of Ethics
Contractual Necessity
Compliance with Kennel Club Rules and Regulations
Contractual Necessity
Contacting you regarding future events
Legitimate Interests
Publication of your name, contact details and dog information in show catalogue [subject to the right to object]
Legitimate Interests
Publication of your name and dog information in event results on our Facebook page or website
Legitimate Interests
Customers (e.g. advertisers in yearbook or purchasers of merchandise
Data kept: Name, address, email, phone
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
Purpose
Lawful basis
Supply and delivery of services or goods purchased
Contractual Necessity
(Yearbook advertisers) Publication of details as specified by you in the Club yearbook
Consent
Contacting you to resolve queries, provide related information, and information/marketing communications.
Consent
We also process personal data for the Club/Society's legitimate interests as we have outlined in the main Privacy
Notice.  Please be assured that we will always take account of your personal data rights in doing so.
Where do we obtain your personal data from?
Most of the above personal data is received direct from you (the data subject). However, information may be
received from third parties (e.g. the Kennel Club).
How long do we hold your personal data for?
Personal data will be retained in accordance with statutory requirements, Kennel Club requirements and
recommendations and the club's retention policy which is available on request.
Are you obliged to provide us with your personal data?
You are not obliged to provide the personal data in question. However, if you do not provide the personal data,
we will be unable to perform any contract we have with you for the provision of membership services, judging
appointments or event services.
Recipients of your personal data
We disclose data to the following outsourced data processors for the purposes stated:
Fosse Data - postal entries passed on for inclusion in catalogue
Kennel Club - The Kennel Club will hold the personal data of officers of the Club/Society as a part of the
implementation of Kennel Club Rules and Regulations.  We provide the Kennel Club with details of British
Chihuahua Club officers and Challenge Certificate winners at our events in order to meet requirements in the
Kennel Club Rules and Regulations.
Do we use your data for any automated decision-making?
No personal data is processed for automated decision-making.
Any financial data arising from a transactional
process will be held securely by the British Chihuahua Club in accordance and compliance with all statutory and
HMRC requirements.
All Artwork and Content is Copyright © 2003-2020 by The British
Chihuahua Club and may not be linked to or used elsewhere without written permission.