https://www.cohencamps.org/terms-of-use/
JUST FOR GIRLS
Meet your summer sisters: New England’s
only all-girls Jewish cultural camp
Pembroke, MA, near Cape Cod
OUR SMALLER CO-ED CAMP
2-week option • Nut-Aware
Close-knit, Jewish community
Hampstead, in southern NH
OUR LARGER CO-ED CAMP
Spirited Jewish summers on the
shores of Lake Potanipo
Brookline, in southern NH
Just like our campers, each Cohen Camp shines with its own personality. Let us help you choose!
Learn More.
Explore THE
(781) 489-2070 • CONTACT US
ENROLL NOW
DONATE NOW
QUESTIONS?
ABOUT US
CAMPS & PROGRAMS
WAYS TO SUPPORT
WORK HERE
Main Menu
About Us
Camps & Programs
Ways to Support
Work Here
Contact the Office
Give 2 Camp
Enroll Now
Contact Us
Camp Pembroke
Camp Tel Noar
Camp Tevya
Contact Us
Camp Pembroke
Camp Tel Noar
Camp Tevya
Enroll Now
Request S’more Info
Give 2 Camp
Terms of Use
The web sites are comprised of various web pages operated by Eli & Bessie Cohen Camps and the Eli & Bessie Cohen Camps of Massachusetts, Inc., Camp Pembroke®, Camp Tel Noar®, Camp Tevya®, and Dor L’Dor (hereafter collectively the “Cohen Camps”). The web sites are offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (these “Terms”) and Privacy Policy (collective, these “Terms”). Your use of the Cohen Camps’ web sites constitutes your agreement to these Terms.
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
We assume users of the Cohen Camps’ web sites will act responsibly and use the tools provided in a law-abiding manner. If the Cohen Camps determine that any user is not using the system responsibly, we can and will censor, edit or block transmissions or revoke all rights to use or access the sites. We believe in strict enforcement of these Terms.  If you believe a violation of the Terms contained on this page has occurred, please contact us at WebM@CohenCamps.org fully explaining the nature of the alleged violation.
USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES
The Cohen Camps’ web sites may contain bulletin board, discussion, or chat resources, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”). You agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, but not as limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines that may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses and mailing addresses, without their individual consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
The Cohen Camps will not monitor these Communication Services and is not responsible in any manner for the content of posted communications or materials. The Cohen Camps reserve the right to block or delete materials posted to a Communication Service in its sole discretion. The Cohen Camps reserve the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
The Cohen Camps do not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, The Cohen Camps specifically disclaim any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Communication Service moderators are not authorized Cohen Camps spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of the Cohen Camps. Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to limitations on usage, reproduction, size and/or dissemination.
MATERIALS POSTED AT ANY COHEN CAMPS’ WEB SITE
The Cohen Camps do not claim ownership of the materials you provide (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Cohen Camps’ web site or its associated services (each a “Submission” and collectively “Submissions”).  No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. The Cohen Camps are under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in its sole discretion. By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
The Cohen Camps reserve the right at all times to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in the Cohen Camps’ sole discretion.
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER; WAIVER AND RELEASE
Access to and use of the services is at your own risk. The services are provided on an ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ basis. The Cohen Camps do not warrant that its sites or any of its services will be uninterrupted or error-free, including temporary site unavailability or short term server crashes. If you experience ongoing technical problems, please contact us at WebM@CohenCamps.org.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE COHEN CAMPS’ WEBSITES, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE COHEN CAMPS’ WEBSITES.
You agree that neither the Cohen Camps, nor their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants or information providers or suppliers, shall have any liability to you under any theory of liability or indemnity in connection with your use of the Cohen Camps’ web sites. You hereby release and forever waive any and all claims you may have against the Cohen Camps, their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants, information providers or suppliers for losses or damages you sustain in connection with your use of the web sites.  All damages, direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive arising from any use of the information or other parts of the web sites are hereby excluded even if the Cohen Camps or their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants, information providers or suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages.  These terms shall be considered void where prohibited by law.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Cohen Camps, their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants, information providers or suppliers or other partners from any loss, liability, claim, demand, action or damage, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to (i) your use or access of the web sites, (ii) any content, information or material you receive on or through such sites, (iii) any content, information or material you post or transmit via the sites, or (v) your breach or violation of any of these Terms.
CHOICE OF LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
These Terms shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New Hampshire.  In the event a dispute arises between you and the Cohen Camps, our goal is to provide you with a neutral and cost effective means of resolving the dispute quickly. Any claim or controversy at law or equity that arises out of this Agreement or our services shall be resolved by binding arbitration conducted by telephone, on-line and/or based solely upon written submissions where no in-person appearance is required. In such cases, the arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with their applicable rules, or any other established ADR provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
COPYRIGHT
All contents of the Cohen Camps’ web sites, including all text, images, graphics, logos and software is the property of the Cohen Camps, or copyright owners who have granted the Cohen Camps permission to use copyrighted material, and is protected to the fullest extent under U.S. and international copyright laws.  It is unlawful to reproduce copy or distribute material from the Cohen Camps’ web sites without prior written permission.
CHANGES TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
We may revise these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice by updating this page and such revisions will be effective upon posting to this page. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of this web site following the posting of any revisions to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Effective Date: October 1, 2013
Copyright © 2014 Eli and Bessie Cohen Camps.  All rights reserved.
Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy.
Let us help you choose!
Learn More
Save
Year-Round Office
888 Worcester Street, Suite 350
Wellesley, MA 02482
781.489.2070
info@cohencamps.org
Save
About UsPresident’s Welcome
Meet the Leadership
At Every Cohen Camp
Jewish Life & Values
Our Founding Vision
Alumni/ae Connections
Contact the Office
Camps & Programs3 Camps. Which is YOURS?
Tour / Try Camp for a Day
Camp Pembroke for girls
Camp Tel Noar
Camp Tevya
Let Us Help You Choose
Dor L’Dor Israel Experience
Kadima Teen Leadership
Tuition Offers
Ways to SupportYour Gift Matters
FY2020 Donor Honor Roll
Impact Reports
Support Kadima Teen Leadership
Join the Legacy Society
Stock, Monthly & Matching Gifts
Fundraise for Camp
Volunteer
Work HereJoin Our Staff
Hiring Approach & Process
Staff Life & FAQ
About Us
Camps & Programs
Ways to Support
Work Here
Contact the Office
Give 2 Camp
Enroll Now
linkedin
© 2014-2020 The Cohen Camps. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Website by 829 Studios.
Give by Check
Mailing a donation? Thank you!
Please make your check payable to “The Cohen Camps”
OR make it payable to your camp’s name if you prefer to direct your gift to that camp alone.
Please mail it to:
Barbara Stevens, Development Director
The Cohen Camps
888 Worcester Street, Suite 350
Wellesley, MA 02482
×