http://www.workstay.com.au/terms-of-use-for-workstay
Terms of use for Workstay
Terms of use
Introduction and Acceptance of Terms of Use.
You agree to the terms
and conditions outlined in this Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”)
with respect to our site (the “Site”). This Agreement constitutes the
legal agreement between WorkStay Australia and you, and supersedes
all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties
and understandings with respect to the Site, the content, products or
services provided by or through the Site, and the subject matter of this
Agreement. This Agreement may be amended at any time by us from time to
time without specific notice to you. The latest Agreement will be
posted on the Site, and you should review this Agreement prior to using
the Site.
Limited Right to Use.
The viewing or
downloading of any content, graphic, form or document from the Site
grants you only a limited, non-exclusive license for use solely by you
for your own personal use and not for republication, printing, saving,
downloading, distribution, assignment, sublicense, sale, preparation of
derivative works or other use. No part of any content, form or document
may be reproduced in any form or incorporated into any information
retrieval system, electronic or mechanical, and is not for resale or
redistribution.
Communications.
Except for any
disclosure by you for technical support purposes, or as specified in our
Privacy Statement, all communications from you to this website will be
considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that any and
all comments, information, feedback and ideas regarding our company,
products or services that you communicate to WorkStay Australia
("Feedback") will be deemed, at the time of communication to WorkStay Australia, the property of WorkStay Australia, and WorkStay Australia shall be entitled to full rights of ownership,
including without limitation, unrestricted right to use or disclose such
Feedback in any form, medium or technology now known or later
developed, and for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without
compensation to you. You are solely responsible for the content of your
communications and their legality under all laws and regulations. You
agree not to use this website to distribute, link to or solicit content
that is defamatory, harassing, unlawful, libellous, harmful to minors,
threatening, obscene, false, misleading, or infringing a third party
intellectual or privacy rights.
Access to Password Protected or Secured Areas.
Access to and use of
password protected or secured areas of this website is restricted to
authorised users only. You will be asked to provide accurate and current
information on all registration forms on this website. You are solely
responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any username and
password that you choose or is chosen by your web administrator on your
behalf, to access this website as well as any activity that occur under
your username/password. You will not misuse or share your username or
password, misrepresent your identity or your affiliation with an entity,
impersonate any person or entity, or misstate the origin of any
Materials you are exposed to through this website.
Monitoring.
Although WorkStay Australia is not obligated to do so, it will
have the right to review your communications on this website to
determine whether you comply with our Terms of Use. WorkStay Australia will not have any liability or responsibility for the content
of any communications you post to this website, or for any errors or
violations of any laws or regulations by you. WorkStay Australia
will comply with any court order in disclosing the identity of any
person posting communications on this website. It is advisable that you
review our privacy policy before posting any such communications. Please
note that when you conduct transactions with other companies providing
content via this website, you will also be subject to their
privacy policies.
Links to Other Sites.
The linked sites are
not under the control of WorkStay Australia and WorkStay Australia is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any
link contained in a linked site. WorkStay Australia reserves the
right to terminate any link at any time. WorkStay Australia may
provide links from this website to other sites as a convenience to you
and in no way should this be interpreted as an endorsement of any
company, content or products to which it links. If you decide to access
any of the third party sites linked to this website, you do this
entirely at your own risk. WorkStay Australia DISCLAIMS ANY AND
ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO ANY SUCH LINKED SITES, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY TERMS AS TO THE ACCURACY, OWNERSHIP, VALIDITY OR
LEGALITY OF ANY CONTENT OF A LINKED SITE.
Trademarks.
The trademarks,
service marks and logos of Workstay Australia and others used in
this website ("Trademarks") are the property of Workstay Australia
and their respective owners. You have no right to use any such
Trademarks, and nothing contained in this website or the Terms of Use
grants any right to use (by implication, waiver, estoppel or otherwise)
any Trademarks without the prior written permission of WorkStay Australia or the respective owner.
Indemnity.
You agree to
indemnify, defend and hold Workstay harmless from and
against any and all third party claims, liabilities, damages, losses or
expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees and costs) arising out
of, based on or in connection with your access and/or use of this
website.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability.
IN NO EVENT SHALL WORKSTAYAUSTRALIA OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT
GOODS, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THIS WEBSITE OR ANY LINKED SITE, DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF OR
RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION OR MATERIALS PRESENTED ON THIS WEBSITE,
WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY EVEN
IF WORKSTAYAUSTRALIA OR ITS SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Applicable Laws.
These Terms of Use are
governed by the law in force in the State of Western Australia,
Australia, and the parties irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of Western Australia and courts of appeal
from them for determining any dispute concerning the Terms of Use.
General.
If you have any questions regarding the Terms of Use, please contact Workstay via our Contact Us page
Jobs and Latest News
Latest news on jobs and travel around Australia
If you have any news regarding backpacker jobs around Australia please drop us a line and we will share it with fellow travellers.
Happy travelling!!!!
Latest News
SKYCITY Darwin casual workers wanted
View more travel jobs
Need Visa Information
Need a visa for Australia
WHV's can ONLY be applied for; before arriving in Australia. Working Holiday Visa's* can only be granted before you arrive in Australia. For
details about applying visit Australia's official website here (www.immi.gov.au) or visit a Travel Agent or an Australian Embassy or Consulate
in the country you are in.
Read More
Need Superannuation Information
If your monthly wage is more than $A450, your employer must contribute an additional sum equal to 9.5% of your wage into a superannuation (pension)
account for you. If you entered Australia on an eligible temporary resident visa you can, in most cases, access your contributions when you
leave Australia, although the contributions will be taxed.
Read More