http://www.nautinort.com/en/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
SaleFirst Hand
Second Hand
All Boats
Charter
ServicesMaintenance Services
Hibernation services
About us
Contact
FinancingSYS-Finance
Terms and conditions
This document was last modified on the 11 of July of 2019.
Please read these terms of service completely before using this website, which is owned and operated by [Company]. This document documents the legally binding terms and conditions attached to the use of this website.
By using or accessing this website in any way, viewing or browsing its contents, or adding your own content to it, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service.
Intellectual property
This site and all of its original content are the sole property of its owner and are, as such, fully protected by the appropriate international copyright and other intellectual property rights laws. All third party content belongs to their respective owners and their use and protection is governed by their respective terms and conditions of use.
Termination
We reserve ourselves the right to terminate your access to the site, without any advance notice.
Links to other websites
Our site does contain a number of links to other websites and online resources that are not owned or controlled by us. We do not control over, and therefore cannot assume responsibility for, the content or general practices of any of these third party sites and/or services. Therefore, we strongly advise you to read the entire terms and conditions and privacy policy of any site that you visit as a result of following a link that is posted on our site.
Governing law
This agreement is governed in accordance with the laws of [Country].
Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website's terms and conditions of use.
Changes
We reserve ourselves the right to modify these terms of service at any time. We do so by posting and drawing attention to the updated terms on the site. Your decision to continue to visit and make use of our site after such changes have been made constitutes your formal acceptance of the new terms of service. Therefore, we ask that you check and review this agreement for such changes on an occasional basis. Should you not agree to any provision of this document or any changes we make to it, we ask and advise that you do not use or continue to access the website immediately.
Contacting us
If there are any questions regarding these terms and conditions, you may contact us through the mechanisms available in our contact page.
+34 971 868 115INFO@NAUTINORT.COM
CTRA. DE POLLENÇA AL PUERTO, KM. 6007470 PUERTO POLLENÇA
LegalPrivacyCookieTerms
Legal NoticePrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyTerms and Conditions