http://www.cfhi.org/terms-of-use
Jump to navigation
Learn more about CFHI’s Response to COVID-19 Pandemic
All Programs
Impacts
Donate
Learn About CFHI
Do we have a program for you?Residents / Post-GraduatesMedical Students - 1st/2nd yearMedical Students - 3rd/4th+ yearPre-Medical/Pre-Health StudentsPublic Health StudentsNursing StudentsAllied Health StudentsMaster’s StudentsUndergraduate StudentsFaculty/Advisors
Terms of Use
CFHI Terms of Use Agreement
By using the CFHI Website (www.cfhi.org) (the "Website") all participants and users ("you") agree to be bound by this Terms of Use Agreement (this "Agreement") whether or not you participate ("User" or "Users") in CFHI's global health education program (the "Program"). If you wish to become a User of the Website and/or participate in the Program, read this Terms of Use Agreement and if you do not accept these terms then you should contact us by phone (415.957.9000; toll free: 866-345-4674, or email at: info@cfhi.org) at the earliest opportunity. If you do not do so, your use of this Website will be taken to be performed with your full acceptance of this Agreement.
This Agreement may be modified by CFHI from time to time and such modifications will become part of this Agreement and will be effective once posted by CFHI on the Website. You should review the Website and this Agreement from time to time for any modifications. Your use of the Website and participation in the Program will be subject to any modifications of this Agreement by CFHI.
For purposes of this Agreement, "CFHI" means CFHI, its officers, directors, agents, employees, partners, and all of their affiliates.
For CFHI's Firstgiving Terms of Use for students click here.
Term and Termination
This Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Website and/or participate in the Program as a User. Whether or not you are and remain eligible to participate in the Program may be determined by CFHI in its sole and absolute discretion. You may terminate your participation and status as a User at any time and for any reason upon receipt by CFHI of your written or email notice of termination. CFHI may also terminate your participation in the Program and status as a User at any time and for any reason, effective upon transmission of notice to you at the email address you provide to CFHI. If your participation in the Program is terminated by CFHI, you agree not to use the Website any further. Even after your participation in the Program and status as a User is terminated, however, this Agreement will remain in effect.
Use of Website
The Website is for use in connection with the Program, and may not be used in connection with any other commercial endeavors except as previously approved in writing by CFHI. Use of the licable law. Illegal and/or unauthorized uses of the Website, including collecting names of Users, partners, businesses/entrepreneurs and/or email addresses of any of the foregoing by electronic or other means for any reason, including but not limited to the purpose of sending unsolicited email and unauthorized framing of or linking to the Website, will be Website and participation in the Program shall be in strict compliance with this Agreement, CFHI's privacy policy, all other procedures and guidelines set forth on the Website and appinvestigated, and appropriate legal action will be taken, including without limitation, civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.
Participation in the Program
View the participation agreement here.
Program Payment Policy
The application fee to a CFHI Program is $45 and is due at the time your online application is submitted. The $350 deposit, which is applied toward the total cost of your Program, is due within 30 days after acceptance to the Program or 45 days prior to the start of the Program, whichever comes first. All application ($45) and deposit fees ($350) are non-refundable. The final balance of the Program fee is due 45 days prior to the Program start date. If you are accepted into to any Program within 45 days before the start date, all Program fees are due within 72 hours of acceptance, without exception.
Cancellation and Refund Policy
If you cancel your Program for any reason, you must notify CFHI in writing via electronic mail (email students@cfhi.org) with confirmation of receipt. If you cancel after payment of all Program fees but more than 30 days before the scheduled Program start date, you will be refunded the entire final balance amount. If you cancel after you have paid the full Program fees and less than 30 days (but not less than 15 days) before the scheduled Program start date, you may either 1) be charged 50% of the final balance, with the remainder refunded to you; or 2) have your Program fees transferred to another Program within 12 months of the original start date of the Program. If it is 14 days or less before your program start date you may either 1) be charged 80% of the final balance, with the remainder refunded to you; or 2) have your Program fees transferred to another Program within 12 months of the original start date of the Program. In either case, CFHI reserves the right to charge the participant 50% of the Program fees if significant Program costs are incurred to our Program Partners in preparation for your arrival.
Program fees are never transferable to other CFHI Program participants after a Program cancellation. In the case of a true family or health emergency, documentation of emergency must be provided to CFHI and CFHI will review refund requests on a case-by-case basis.
No portion of the Program fee is refundable after the Program start date. Nor is any portion of the Program fee transferable between services or aspects of the Program or services purchased outside the Program. No refunds will be issued for changed Program itineraries, modifications or other unforeseen events. Furthermore, you are not eligible for refunds based on unused portions of your Program, such as accommodations or language classes, or because of your inability to participate according to the scheduled itinerary.
CFHI reserves the right to expel a participant during a Program, should this be necessary, at its sole discretion. Unused portions of your Program due to expulsion are neither refundable nor transferable to other CFHI Program participants. Please note that CFHI will not be held responsible for any charges made by airlines or other agencies at any time.
Privacy Policy
CFHI takes privacy very seriously and we are committed to earning and keeping your trust. CFHI will never sell or rent your personal information to third parties. To view our complete Privacy Policy, please click here. To view our Firstgivng Terms of Use, please click here.
Proprietary Rights in Content on the Website
"Child Family Health International", "CFHI" and the "CFHI" logo are the intellectual property of CFHI. CFHI owns and retains all proprietary rights in the Website, all material and information posted thereon ("Content") and the Program. The Website contains the copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information of CFHI and its licensors. Except for that information which is in the public domain or for which you have been given express written permission, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any such proprietary information.If you post any messages or other information on the Website, then you hereby agree that such messages and information shall be considered Content, and you shall be deemed to have automatically granted, and represented and warranted that you have the right, power and authority to grant, to CFHI an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, display, and distribute such information and content and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such information and content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. You understand and agree that CFHI may review and delete any Content that in the sole judgment of CFHI violate this Agreement or which might be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of others.
Disclaimers
CFHI, its Partners and other Users are not responsible and shall have no liability for any incorrect or inaccurate Content posted on the Website or any liability, cost or expense you may incur in connection with the Program, whether caused by users of the Website, other Users, Partners or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Program. CFHI, its Partners and Users are not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any User of the Website. With respect to the Website, CFHI, its Partners and Users assume no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, User communications. Under no circumstances will CFHI, its Partners and Users be responsible for any loss or damage, including personal injury or death, resulting from anyone's use of the Website or participation in the Program, any Content posted on the Website or transmitted to, or any interactions between, Users of the Website, whether online or offline.
THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN IT OR ANY SERVICE OR ADVICE PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROGRAM, IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THIS SITE AND SITE-RELATED SERVICES.
Limitation on Liability
You and all other Users understand that any and all decisions made by you and them with respect to the Website and/or the Program, are the User's alone. CFHI shall not be responsible, or have any duty or obligation or liability for (a) decisions or interactions resulting from use of the Website or participation in the Program, (b) any damages, costs, losses or expenses a User incurs as a result of making a making a donation, or as a result of utilizing the Program or information received in connection with the Program. In addition, in no event will CFHI or anyone else be liable to you or any third person for any damages, costs, losses or expenses, including lost capital or profits, arising from your use of the Website or participation in the Program, even if CFHI or any such person has been advised of the possibility of such damages, costs, losses or expenses.
If there is any dispute about or involving CFHI, the Website and/or the Program, by using the Website, you agree that the dispute will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You agree to personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts of the State of California, City of San Francisco .
IndemnityYou agree to indemnify and hold CFHI harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Website or participation in the Program and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above.
OtherThis Agreement, accepted upon use of the Website and further affirmed by becoming a User, contains the entire agreement between you and CFHI regarding the use of the Website and/or the Program. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
Please contact us with any questions regarding this Agreement.
Tweet
Apply Now   Learn More