http://www.westlinkm7.com.au/legal/westlink-group-northwestern-roads-privacy-policy.html
Westlink M7 Privacy Policy - Westlink M7
Jump to main navigation
Jump to main content
News
Events
Contrast
Open navigation
About Westlink M7
Westlink M7 Maps
Shared path
Features of the M7
Information for contractors
Pay for tolls
Toll pricing
Manage your Linkt account
Search
header search
Search
Close
Manage your Linkt account
Navigation
Home
About Westlink M7
Back
About Westlink M7
Westlink M7 Maps
Shared path
Features of the M7
Information for contractors
Pay for tolls
Toll pricing
News
Events
Contrast
Westlink M7 Privacy Policy
Legal
Westlink Group & NorthWestern Roads Privacy Policy
Legal
Terms of use
Westlink Group & NorthWestern Roads Privacy Policy
Whistleblower Service
Legal
Westlink Group and NorthWestern Roads Management Services Company Privacy Policy
Last updated December 2019
The Westlink Group (WSO Co Pty Ltd, Westlink Motorway Limited, Westlink Motorway Partnership and Westlink Finance Pty Ltd) and NorthWestern Roads Management Services Company (NWR) (collectively, “we”, “us”, “our”) are committed to protecting your privacy.
Purpose
This statement sets out our policy relating to the collection, management and use of your personal information.
Our Approach
We are committed to protecting your privacy as follows:
Customers and Road Users of Westlink M7
We take the privacy of customers and users of Westlink M7 seriously. More detailed information about the privacy of customers and users of Westlink M7 can be found on the website of our preferred tolling provider Linkt.
What Information Do We Collect and How Do We Collect It?
When you submit information using the comments/feedback form on our website we collect your name, e-mail address, contact information and details of your comment/feedback.
When you contact us by e-mail we may collect your e-mail address and details of your correspondence.
When you contact us by phone we may collect your name, address, phone number and email.
We also collect licence plate numbers, insurance and contact details if you are involved in an accident on the Westlink M7.
We may also receive your personal information from Transport for NSW and our service providers who provide services in respect of Westlink M7.
If you do not provide us with the personal information described above, depending on the nature of your comments, feedback or enquiries, we may not be able to respond back to you and may be unable to provide you with services that you may request or require.
IP address and Cookies
In order to monitor and improve the performance of our website, we may track your IP address and your session time. This information cannot be used to identify you and remains anonymous. We may place a cookie in the browser files of your computer. The cookie does not contain any personally identifying information. It will however enable us to:
relate your use of the site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided to us, such as through any services we may provide via our website; or
allow your browser to track searches you have performed on our website.
Why Do We Collect, Hold, Use and Disclose Your Information?
We collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information:
to reply to you using any of the contact information provided to us.
where you have so requested, to provide you with an e-mail newsletter, and we will also provide you with the option to unsubscribe from our newsletter mailing list at any time.
to contact you by phone, fax, post, or e-mail regarding your enquiry / feedback / comments / complaints.
to compile demographics for the development of product offerings to provide you with services or conduct other business with you.
to undertake administrative or operational activities associated with managing and operating the Westlink M7.
To Whom Can Your Information Be Disclosed?
We may disclose your personal information to our related bodies corporate, service providers, Transport for NSW, insurance companies, other toll road operators, and our advisers. On no account will we give, sell, trade, rent or otherwise supply personal user information to any other third-party organisation, except where you have consented to this, or where it is reasonable to do so in the provision of services to you, or where the law requires us to do so.
Cross-border disclosures
We may disclose your personal information to recipients that are located outside Australia to perform services in connection with the Westlink M7. We may disclose personal information to overseas contractors and may use off-shore servers for the purposes of data storage. We have engaged contractors in the Philippines, and certain other countries, and may disclose certain personal information to those contractors.
Collection of sensitive personal information
Some of the personal information we collect is considered ‘sensitive information’ under certain privacy laws. For example, sensitive information we collect may include:
health information (e.g. in connection with road incidents, impact of construction work, sick leave or medical checks on job applicants and staff); and
criminal record (e.g. police checks on job applicants and staff).
Subject to privacy laws, we may sometimes collect sensitive information about you from a third party who holds sensitive information about you. If you think we have received your sensitive information in error, please contact us using the details below.
How Can You Access Your Personal Information or Make a Privacy Complaint?
You can request access to personal information you have given us and make any changes needed to make it correct and up to date, or request that we remove personal information you do not wish us to retain, by contacting us at the email address below. You may contact us in the same way to complain if you believe that we have interfered with your privacy. Your complaint will be reviewed by our privacy officer.
Your Consent
By using the Westlink M7 website, you consent to us collecting and using your information for the purposes we have identified in this document. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our website so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, or any concerns or complaints regarding the treatment of your personal information, please feel free to contact us by emailing us.
Preferred retailer
Contact us
Privacy
Legal
Terms of use
"Westlink M7" is a registered trademark of Westlink Motorway Limited ABN 63 096 512 300
"Linkt" is a registered trade mark of Transurban Limited used under licence by Tollaust Pty Ltd ABN 37 050 538 693