https://www.yesterdaystractors.com/privacy.htm
Welcome! Please use the navigational links on your left to explore our website.
Shop Now
TRACTOR PARTS
Allis Chalmers
Case & David Brown
Farmall & International
Ferguson
Ford & New Holland
John Deere
Massey Ferguson
Massey Harris
Minneapolis Moline
Oliver & Cockshutt
Kubota / Yanmar
TRACTOR MANUALS
Allis Chalmers
Case
Farmall IH
Ford 8N,9N,2N
Ford
Ferguson
John Deere
Massey Ferguson
Minn. Moline
Oliver
Marketplace
Classified Ads
Photo Ads
Tractor Parts
Community
Discussion Forums
Project Journals Your Stories
Show & Pull Guide
Events Calendar
Hauling Schedule
Galleries
Tractor Photos
Implement Photos
Vintage Photos
Help Identify
Parts & Pieces
Stuck & Troubled
Vintage Ads
Community Album
Photo Ad Archives
Research & Info
Articles
Tractor Registry
Tip of the Day
Safety Cartoons
Tractor Values
Serial Numbers
Tune-Up Guide
Paint Codes
List Prices
Production Nbrs
Tune-Up Specs
Torque Values
3-Point Specs
Glossary
Miscellaneous
Tractor Games
Just For Kids
Virtual Show
Museum Guide
Memorial Page
Feedback Form
Related Sites
Tractor Shed
Ford 8N/9N Club
Kountry Life
Privacy Policy
Yesterday's Tractor Co. Website Privacy Policy
Yesterday's Tractors is committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of site visitor information.
Site Visitor Information
During the process of delivering information to you, Yesterday's Tractors does not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. However, Yesterday's Tractors does obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example). The information collected by Yesterday's Tractors is used for the purpose of monitoring site statistics.
If you would like additional information about the types of non-personally identifiable information that is collected by Yesterday's Tractors please contact us.
In some cases, you may voluntarily provide personal information when filling out our Feedback Form or participating in the discussion forums or other areas of our site. This is voluntary on your part.
Yesterday's Tractors does not sell or redistribute any of this information.
[ Home ]
TRACTOR
PARTS
TRACTOR MANUALS
We sell tractor parts!  We have the parts you need to repair your tractor - the right parts. Our low prices and years of research make us your best choice when you need parts.
Shop Online Today. [ About Us ]
Home
|  Forums
Today's Featured Article -
Old Tractors Still Have a Place on the Farm - by Arnie Lemke.
One day last fall were putting our farm equipment away for the year and we drove over to my grandpas farm to put our Allis WD away which had been sitting out with the fencerow sprayer on it since June. The battery was dead so we went home and got one off our other WD-45(its still on a 6 volt system so the batteries usually dead.) We drove back and installed the new battery. I sat on the seat and fired it up. Rainwater had gotten into the distributor so it was only firing on 2 cylinders. We drove
... [Read Article]
Latest Ad:
NEW OLD STOCK John Deere sunshade Canopy for row crop tractors.
Part number TY16218.
Looks to be complete with the frame, brackets and mounting hardware.
Has the 2 legged Deere on it.
Pictures available to serious buyers.
300 plus shipping.
[More Ads]
Copyright © 1997-2020 Yesterday's Tractor Co. All Rights Reserved.
Reproduction of any part of this website, including design and content, without written permission is strictly prohibited.
Trade Marks and Trade Names contained and used in this Website are those of others, and are used in this Website in a descriptive sense to refer to the products of others.
Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement
and Privacy Policy
TRADEMARK DISCLAIMER: Tradenames and Trademarks referred to within Yesterday's Tractor Co. products and within the Yesterday's Tractor Co. websites are the property of their respective trademark holders.
None of these trademark holders are affiliated with Yesterday's Tractor Co., our products, or our website nor are we sponsored by them.
John Deere and its logos are the registered trademarks of the John Deere Corporation.
Agco, Agco Allis, White, Massey Ferguson and their logos are the registered trademarks of AGCO Corporation.
Case, Case-IH, Farmall, International Harvester, New Holland and their logos are registered trademarks of CNH Global N.V. Yesterday's Tractors - Antique Tractor HeadquartersWebsite Accessibility Policy