http://www.southendrspb.co.uk/privacy.htm
Home
Event Calendar
Latest Sightings
Wildlife Photos
Trip Reports
ILBs
South East Essex RSPB Local Group Website Privacy Policy
The South East Essex RSPB Local group recognises the importance of protecting the
privacy of all information provided by users of our web site. We have created
this policy with a fundamental respect for our users' right to privacy and to
guide our relationships with our users.
Information Collection and Use
The South East Essex RSPB Local group collects information from our website users,
subscribers and visitors. In this section of our privacy policy, we will
describe the type of information we collect and how we use it to provide a
better services to our visitors.
User Details
When sending bird sightings, feedback or signing our guest book users are
required to give their contact information (such as name and e-mail address), we
only use this information to communicate with users and provide requested
services, and to provide a more personalised experience on our site. We will
never disclose this information to third parties. This information is only in
use by the local and the main RSPB.
Communications with Us
We have features where users can submit information to us (such as our feedback
forms). We may retain e-mails and other information sent to us for historical
purposes, and to help us to serve our visitors better.
Bird Sighting Reports
Some of our sightings are reported by a single observer (who may not be known to
us) and will not always have been corroborated. In all cases the observers name
will accompany the report. We cannot always check the sightings directly and we
have to rely on the experience of the observer. The Web Author retains the right
not to publish suspect reports. The Web Author also retains the right not to
publish a 'rarity' report when the email given by the observer is not a valid
email address.
Automatic Data Collection
Our web site has features that automatically collect information from users,
to deliver content specific to users' interests and to honour their preferences.
This information assists us in creating pages that will serve the needs of our
users. For our internal purposes, we gather date, time, browser type, navigation
history and IP address of all visitors to our site. This information does not
contain anything that can identify users personally. We use this information for
our audit log, trend analysis and system administration, and to gather broad
demographic information about our user base for aggregate use. We will never
share this composite information with others.
With whom your Information is Shared
We do not share personally identifiable information with other groups,
organisations or companies, We will only disclose information we maintain when
required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or other
legal obligation, in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or in
special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is
necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be
causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally)
our rights or property.
Security
We use reasonable precautions to protect our users' personal information and to
store it securely. The server on which we store personally identifiable
information is kept in a secure environment and is only available to one person
- the Web Author.
Links
)ur web sites contain links to other sites. The South East Essex RSPB Local Group is not
responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We
encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy
statements of each web site to which we may link that may collect personally
identifiable information.
Cookies
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. The only non-essential cookie that we use is Google analytics. We use this cookie to monitor how popular our site is and, more importantly, to monitor which pages are
important to you so that we can ensure that these pages are kept fresh and updated regularly. This cookie has already been set and will help us to improve the experience of using our site. By using our site you accept the terms of our cookie and privacy policy.
Group Leader: Graham Mee
Other Pages
RSPB ReservesLocal RSPB reserves
ContactsLocal RSPB contacts
AdviceUseful advice
SearchSearch our site
National RSPB website
The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) is a registered charity: England and Wales no.207076, Scotland no.SC037654 Copyright © 2020 by Graham Mee | Read our privacy policy