http://www.guniq.com/privacy-policy/
Gun IQ
Guns and Fire arms
Pages
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Terms Of Service
Topics
Uncategorized
Authors
guniqcom
Recent Articles
Tons Of Tips And Tricks For Retirement
Very Important Information To Consider Before Purchasing Auto Insurance
Everything You Needed To Know About Auto Insurance
Keep Your Money In Your Pocket By Using The Right Auto Insurance Tactics
User
Log in
Recent Posts
Tons Of Tips And Tricks For Retirement
Very Important Information To Consider Before Purchasing Auto Insurance
Everything You Needed To Know About Auto Insurance
Keep Your Money In Your Pocket By Using The Right Auto Insurance Tactics
Quickly Saving The Big Bucks On Truck Coverage
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Gun IQ ("Gun IQ")
operates Guniq.com and may operate other websites. It
is Gun IQ's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Gun IQ collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Gun IQ's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Gun IQ's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Gun IQ may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Gun IQ also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Guniq.com
blogs/sites. Gun IQ only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Gun IQ's websites choose to interact
with Gun IQ in ways that require Gun IQ to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Gun IQ gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at Guniq.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Gun IQ are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Gun IQ collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Gun IQ. Gun IQ does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Gun IQ may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Gun IQ may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Gun IQ does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Gun IQ discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Gun IQ's behalf or to provide services available
at Gun IQ's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Gun IQ's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Gun IQ will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Gun IQ discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Gun IQ believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Gun IQ, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Gun IQ website and have supplied your email address, Gun IQ
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Gun IQ and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Gun IQ takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Gun IQ uses cookies to
help Gun IQ identify and track visitors, their usage of Gun IQ
website, and their website access preferences. Gun IQ visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Gun IQ's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Gun IQ's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Gun IQ, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Gun IQ goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Gun IQ may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Gun IQ and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Gun IQ may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Gun IQ's sole
discretion. Gun IQ encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a Guniq.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Last modified on July 24, 2015
Copyright © 2020 Gun IQ | Privacy Policy | Terms Of Service