https://www.exclusiveanglingholidays.com/legal
:: Legal
CHECK AVAILABILITY & BOOK
Menu
Home
About us
The Lakes
Lake Bleu
Lake Rouge
Lake Vert
Accommodation
Area
Additional Services
Testimonials
Galleries
Contact
News
Legal
Terms & ConditionsAll offers of accommodation are subject to availability and no accommodation can be reserved until your £200 booking deposit has been paid. This deposit is non-refundable and is to be paid within five days of your initial booking. The balance of your holiday must be paid in the following way: 50% of the outstanding balance at least sixteen weeks prior to arrival dateThe remaining portion paid at least eight weeks prior to arrivalA refundable £100 accidental damage deposit will be added to the price you pay.Non-receipt will result in cancellation. If you cancel the holiday, we reserve the right, unless we can re-let the booking, to obtain rental in full. You are subject by law to pay full rental if the vacancy cannot be re-let. We therefore strongly recommend you undertake suitable holiday insurance. All parties or individuals within that party/group/family travelling to any Exclusive Angling Holidays location must have full personal and medical insurance. The party/family leader is deemed to be the person signing the original booking form. It is their responsibility to ensure that all names on his/her booking form or travelling in his/her party have full cover. By signing the booking form, the party leader also confirms this to Exclusive Angling Holidays. Exclusive Angling Holidays will not accept persons without this cover. In the event of any booking by Exclusive Angling Holidays, their liability is limited to a full refund of all monies paid to them and no others. Exclusive Angling Holidays cannot accept any responsibility for personal injury, inconvenience, loss or damage to personal property however caused. All accommodation is available AFTER 11.00am on the day commencing your holiday and must be vacated BEFORE 10.00am on the day of your departure and left in the same condition as you found it.
Any damage will be deducted from your deposit and if this does not cover the full amount required, further action will be taken to recoup any and all such losses.
Accident damage deposits are returned within fourteen days from the day of your departure vacated providing everything has been left as it was found. If you have any complaint of any nature, please make this known within 12 hours of arrival, by contacting us at 0033 553 52 30 74. Please note stated details are subject to change due to our continual improvement policy.
DOWNLOAD FULL TERMS & RULES
Fishing Rules
As of 2018 Season
The fish contained in our lakes give pleasure to you, the angler, and we see no reason why their existence should be threatened or why harm should come to them in any way. The following are strict rules and checks will be made during your holiday to make sure they are carried out to the letter. We make no apologies as any reasonable angler will understand.
Barbless hooks only for ALL species including catfish and bream etc. Never use treble hooks.
Etangs des Papillon lakes are closed every Friday until 2.00pm for essential maintenance to be undertaken.
No sacking of any fish. Never sack Catfish. No keepnets except for roach, perch, bream, etc.
No particle baits (unless prepared by us), nuts or dog food supplement is allowed. Trout pellets, sweetcorn, luncheon meat or Pedigree Chum mixer (used as floaters) are acceptable without problem.
No fixed leads of any sort. So called "safe" rigs are okay providing they do fail safe - please check prior to fishing.
Minimum size landing net must be 42" and knotless.
Minimum of 35LBS line for Lakes Rouge & Bleu, however we recommend that you use 50LBS line.
Minimum 12 LBS line for carp fishing on lake Vert. No restriction on small course fishing.
Braid as main line is allowed with a meter of tubing or nylon shock leader.
No bent hooks of any sort allowed.
No wire traces must be used on lakes.
No angler is allowed to be more than 10 metres from their rods if they are in the water.
Never leave litter, including line, hooks, bottles, or cigarette butts. Use dustbins provided.
Unhooking mats must be at least 4 feet long and 2 feet wide with at least 2" of cushion.
All wildlife has total priority in or around the lakes.
Three rod maximum is the limit per person. Maximum 12 rods per lake (Vert 9 rods).
No children under the age of 16 are allowed to night fish on their own at any lake. At all times a responsible adult must accompany them and be sitting next to them.
Never remove any overhanging branches from trees.
No boats allowed on any lake except for our own rowing boats. (Bait boats are allowed without restriction). By submitting our booking form you agree no liability can or will be placed on Exclusive Angling Holidays for any boating accident.
We visit each lake daily where possible. At least once during these visits we will require one line to be removed from the water to check all rules are being adhered to. We deem party leader (whoever submitted the booking form) to be responsible for their party. Any breaking or bending of rules will lead to the instant termination of the whole group's holiday without recompense.
Where supplied: Before commencement of angling, all items such as unhooking mats, nets, weigh slings MUST be dipped in the tank supplied at your location.
Never bivvy up blocking the drive at Vert lake. Access must be observed at all times.
Lifejackets are to be provided by the client.
We reserve the right of refusal to allow inferior quality boilies being used on our lakes. Please check prior to fishing.
No barbed hooks are allowed onto any location, not even in a tackle box. Barbless hooks means Barb-LESS! No micro barbs, no crushed barbs, just standard barbless hooks as described on the packet at time of purchase. No excuses will be entertained and fishing will be stopped for whole party if any member is found to be breaking this rule.
All naked flames are banned at all locations. This does not include cooking stoves used carefully. Never bring candles, barbecues or create campfires: these constitute a serious fire hazard.
Please note these rules are subject to change. Notification at least 28 days prior to departure will apply to tackle or method changes. Notification of minor points will be at time of your arrival. When in doubt, PLEASE ASK!
For the benefit of all:
Always park your vehicles in allocated areas according to your lake. NEVER PARK IN SWIMS OR ON THE DRIVE. Never park on the grass by mobile homes.
Never take bedding from mobile homes to the lakes - you will forfeit your deposit.
Never wander on other people's property and always obey the country code.
Never leave litter and always use the bins provided at the lakes and at the accommodation.
We allow glass bottles lakeside but it is your responsibility to dispose of these at the bottle banks. Never put these in the rubbish sacks.
Only persons registered with Exclusive Angling Holidays are allowed at accommodation or lakeside. And finally, no undue noise please!
Remember: Never visit the lakes you are fishing before or after your allocated holiday period. Each angler has the total right to privacy during their stay and this should be respected. All angling is undertaken after 2.00PM on the Friday of arrival until 8.00PM on the Thursday prior to departure. For Drive & Survive holidays the lakes must be vacated by 8.30 am on the Friday of departure.
DOWNLOAD FULL TERMS & RULES
Privacy Policy1. What information do we collect about you? Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
We also collect information when you voluntarily book an angling holiday with us, contact us for more information about our lakes and services, complete customer surveys, provide feedback or respond to invitations. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
When you book a holiday with us or complete our contact form we collect your name, address, email and telephone numbers of the person booking your stay with us, along with the any names of other member in your party.
2. How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to process your booking, we may also use it to send you marketing literature and emails about our lakes only or if you agree, to email you about our other services we think may be of interest to you.
3. Your information We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 9th March 2018.
4. Will Exclusive Angling Holidays share your information for marketing purposes with other companies.
Exclusive Angling Holidays will not share your information for marketing purposes with other companies.
On occasion we would like to send you information about our other services and businesses which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click here link to our email Info@exclusiveanglingholidays.com. This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
5. Access to your information and correctionWe want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
You can access your information via an email request at any time. Please let us know if your contact details or circumstances change.
6. How will we use the information about you? We keep all information about you confidential.
If you have made enquiry about a holiday with us, we will keep your information for a limited time. If your circumstances change we ask you please to inform us, so we can remove your details from our database. Otherwise your information will be removed as per new GDPR regulations.
7. How to contact us
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email us at Info@exclusiveanglingholidays.com or write to us at the following address:
Exclusive Angling Holidays, Chatelavy, 24450 Mialet, Dordogne, France. We may make a small charge for this service.
Home About UsLake RougeLake BleuLake VertAccommodationAdditional Services
TestimonialsGalleriesAreaNewsSitemapLegal
Exclusive Angling Holidays,Chatelavy, 24450 MialletT: + 33 553 52 30 74M: + 33 628 46 57 26info@exclusiveanglingholidays.com
Copyright © 2020
Exclusive Angling Holidays / Designed and built by Four by Four Creative Services
Sign In to Edit this Site