http://www.petsit.com/privacy-notice
Skip navigation
The world's leading educational organization for professional pet sitters since 1994.
HomeJoin PSIContact UsMember Log In
0 items
Search
Search
Visit Us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
About UsStart hereHistoryFAQsPress RoomContact UsTake Your Dog To Work DayTYDTWDay ToolkitEvent CreatorHistory & FAQsCelebration IdeasTips for SuccessTake Your Pet To Work Week®Take Your Cat To Work Day®Sponsorships & LicensingEvent Media ResourcesMeet The StaffAwards & ObservancesPet Sitter of the Year™ AwardProfessional Pet Sitters WeekAdvertise with PSIJoin PSIBecome a PSI MemberU.S. Membership BenefitsCanadian Membership BenefitsInternational Membership BenefitsFor Pet SittersWhat is a Pet Sitter?Pet Sitting as a CareerPet Sitter Insurance & BondingPSI ConferencesBlogOnline CoursesWebinarsFree E-booksFree Downloads#petsitterlifeCertificationWhy Certification?CPPS Exam Study Objectives Certification Exam FAQsFor Members OnlyLoginShopFind a Local PSI Pet SitterWhy Use a Professional Pet Sitter?Finding a Certified Professional Pet Sitter®How to Find the Right Pet SitterTips for Pet OwnersPet Owner's World Magazine
Main Menu
Share This Page
Tweet
Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 25, 2018
Pet Sitters International, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.petsit.com website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.petsit.com
Any questions regarding this Notice and our privacy practices should be sent by email to info@petsit.com, or by writing to 213 E. Dalton Road, King, NC 27021.
Definitions
Service
Service is the https://www.petsit.com website operated by Pet Sitters International, Inc.
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Pet Sitters International, Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Pet Sitters International, Inc. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Pet Sitters International, Inc. may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Pet Sitters International, Inc. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Pet Sitters International, Inc. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Pet Sitters International, Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Pet Sitters International, Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Pet Sitters International, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Pet Sitters International, Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Pet Sitters International, Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Pet Sitters International, Inc. relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Marketing Automation We may use third-party Service Providers to automate marketing actions in an attempt to nurture visitors with personalized and useful content based on visitor interactions with our website and past emails. You may request that we cease using your information for marketing purposes by emailing us at info@petsit.com, or by writing to 213 E. Dalton Road, King, NC 27021.
Act-On Software
Pet Sitters International uses Act-On Software to manage our form submission and subscriber lists, send our marketing emails, and to automate marketing actions in an attempt to nurture visitors with personalized and useful content based on interactions with our website and past emails.
The Site uses an Act-On tracking pixel and cookie to track anonymous and known visitor activity on the Site. We use visitor data to analyze our site traffic patterns and the effectiveness of our Site and marketing efforts. The Act-On tracking cookie collects IP addresses of site visitors for the purpose of generating location- and company-based website visitor reports. Newfangled is unable to view IP addresses collected via the Act-On tracking cookie.
You can opt-out of having your activity on the Site made available to Act-On by instructing your browser to refuse all cookies, and by not providing us with any personal information via the Site. Please see the Cookie Usage Notice for additional details.
If you have consented to receive emails from Pet Sitters International, such emails will be sent via Act-On. Recipients’ email open and click-through behavior is tracked and stored within Act-On, which we use to analyze the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, as well as to aid in ongoing list maintenance and data integrity efforts.
Your personal data is only shared with Act-On if you consent to provide it to us, and agree to the terms defined in this Notice. Since we never collect it, no Sensitive Personal Data is ever shared with Act-On.
For more information on the privacy practices of Act-On, please visit the Act-On Privacy Terms web page: https://www.act-on.com/privacy-policy/
Act-On Software (and its UK subsidiary company Actonsoftware Limited) complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.  Details of this certification can be seen here.
Webinars We may use third-party Service Providers to share audio, documents and applications with registered webinar attendees.
LogMeIn (GoToWebinar)
Here are some of the ways GoToWebinar is used:
Register visitors
Sending marketing communications
Host webinars
We only share your Personal Data with LogMeIn if you have explicitly registered to attend a webinar.  In this case, your Personal Data will be shared with LogMeIn in order to fulfill the service of providing you with access to the Webinar. LogMeIn may send you emails in the fulfillment of this service. Since we never collect it, no Sensitive Personal Data is ever shared with LogMeIn.
For more information on the privacy practices of LogMeIn, please visit the LogMeIn Privacy Terms web page: https://www.logmeininc.com/legal/privacy
LogMeIn complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Details of this certification can be seen here.
CRM We may use third-party Service Providers to manage our business development efforts.
Salesforce
Salesforce is used to store prospect and customer data for use by our sales and account teams in managing new business opportunities and current client relationships.
Your personal data is only shared with Salesforce if you consent to provide it to us, and agree to the terms defined in this Notice. Since we never collect it, no Sensitive Personal Data is ever shared with Salesforce.
For more information on the privacy practices of Salesforce, please visit the Salesforce Privacy Terms web page: https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
Salesforce has certified certain of their services, for which they act as a data processor, under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Details of this certification can be seen here.
Behavioral Remarketing
Pet Sitters International, Inc. uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
PayPal or Braintree
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@petsit.com
Contact us: info@petsit.com | (336) 983-9222
213 East Dalton Road, King, NC 27021
Business hours: Mon. - Thurs., 9:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. ET
PSI's Non-Discrimination Policy
PSI's Anti-Harassment Policy
©1994-2020 Pet Sitters International, Inc. | Privacy Notice
Since 1994, PSI has been the leading educational association for professional pet sitters. Learn how PSI can help you build and grow your pet-sitting business. Pet owners, visit PSI's Pet Sitter Locator to find a local, professional pet sitter!
Top Cities for PSI Pet Sitters
HoustonLos AngelesDenverChicagoAtlantaSeattleSan DiegoArlingtonNew YorkFalls ChurchSan FranciscoSan JoseAlexandriaIrvinePittsburgh
View all PSI Cities >
×Close