http://www.aviationconsumer.com/privacy-policy/#CALIFORNIA-RESIDENTS
Login
Home
Aircraft
Accessories
Avionics
Maintenance
Safety
Used Aircraft Guide
Industry News
Search
Activate My Web Access
Customer Service
My Account
Pay My Bill
Reset Password
Log In
Aviation Consumer
About Us
Free Enewsletter
Subscribe
Login
Home
Aircraft
Accessories
Avionics
Maintenance
Safety
Used Aircraft Guide
Industry News
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Belvoir Media Group LLC respects the privacy of every individual who
visits any Belvoir Media Group LLC website (“Sites”). This Privacy
Policy describes the information Belvoir Media Group LLC will collect
and how we will use that information.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS AND CONTROL THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
CHILDREN
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
SECURITY
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you provide to us: There are cases where Belvoir Media Group LLC may ask you for personally-identifiable information to process and fulfill online shopping transactions, email newsletter registrations, site registrations, customer service submissions and sweepstakes participation. Information includes your name, mailing address, email address, user name, password, payment information (card information and billing address). To provide you with content and offers targeted to your needs, we may ask you for your interests including health and pet.
We do not collect information such as social security number, driver’s license number, medical history, race, ethnicity, geo location, employment-related information, education information or biometrics.
Information We Collect From Other Sources: In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers and services to you, we may obtain information about you such as postal and email addresses from other sources including public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, as well as from other third parties.
Information We Collect Automatically Through Cookies and Similar Technologies: Belvoir Media Group LLC uses tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons to automatically collect information about how you interact with our Sites and Services and other websites over time and across devices. Cookies allow us to tailor the Sites to better match your interests and preferences. Cookies also help ensure that information like your shopping cart or login to the site is maintained as you browse. You can ask your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent if you do not wish to accept cookies. You can also manually delete all cookie files from your computer.We automatically collect non-personally-identifiable information about your use of the Sites, such as the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, Google.com, if you are connecting via a Google search), the date and time you access the Sites, and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our Sites. This information will not be linked to personally-identifiable information. Belvoir Media Group LLC may use this information to analyze and enhance the Sites, and may aggregate this information and share such aggregated information with business partners, sponsors and other third parties.
This site uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movements inside the site, determine which site referred users to us, and gather very general demographic information. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.Information Imported from Social Networks: When you choose to interact with us through social media your interactions with the social media platforms (“Social Networks”) typically allows the Social Networks to collect information such as “Likes,” profile information gathered from the Social Networks, or the fact that you viewed or interacted with our Services. Social Networks may collect information about you through digital cookies they place on your device and other tracking mechanisms even when you are not directly interacting with their applications. Please review the Social Networks’ privacy policies and choices for sharing information of any Social Network connected to our Services.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information we collect or receive (alone or in combination):
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to provide you access to the Services or products you have ordered, to respond to any inquiry, feedback, or information and materials regarding our products and services.
to send you marketing communications, including via email in compliance with applicable laws and in accordance with your preferences, that we believe may be of interest to you.
disclose that information to third parties when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Belvoir Media Group LLC’s rights or property, other members or users of the Web Site, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities;
for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our Sites and products and Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
disclose that information to third parties when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; and
transfer such information to successors of our business assets.
to send administrative information to you, for example, invoices, confirmation and renewal notices, information regarding our Services or Sites, and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
for other reasons that we may describe to you at the time of collection.
3. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients and for the following reasons:
Service providers. In order to provide our Services to you, it is necessary for us to disclose your information to contracted third parties and service provider partners who perform certain functions of our Services on our behalf. Examples include cloud hosting providers (to provide data storage and processing services); communications providers (to process new queries and to manage our emails); third party fulfillment providers (to send you magazines or other products or provide access to our Services).
Payment Processors. When you make a purchase directly with us, any billing information you provide as part of your payment is collected and processed directly by our service provider, Strategic Fulfillment Group (SFG), and our payment processor, Paymentech or Stripe. Belvoir never receives or stores your credit card information. SFG, Paymentech and Stripe are committed to complying with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) and using industry standard security. Marketing Partners. A customer’s name and mailing address may be released for one-time use to carefully screened third-party mailers who offer products or services that may be of interest to our readers. See Section 4 for how to opt out of our sharing of your information for these purposes.
Commercial Partners. We may share information we collect with third parties that assist us with providing our Services to you and finding relevant leads.
Your User Content. If you choose to submit content (e.g., online comments or communications to our editorial staff or members) (“User Content”), we may publish your name, screen name and other information you have provided to us on our Sites.
Compliance with laws. We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital interests and legal rights. We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, to verify the authenticity of any transaction, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which Belvoir Media Group, LLC may be involved.
Business transfers. We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Consent. We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4. HOW YOU CAN ACCESS AND CONTROL THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
To remove or change your contact information in our database, or to not receive future mailings or other communications, as well as for all other inquiries, please use one of the following methods:
Opting-Out of Emails. On some of our Sites you may manage your email preferences and unsubscribe from our lists by visiting the Customer Service link. All of our email newsletters contain an UNSUBSCRIBE link at the bottom of the email. Look for the words “Click here to remove your email address” or “Unsubscribe” and click on that link. You may also email customer service or call 1-203-857-3100 to manage and modify your email preferences.
Opting Out of Postal Direct Mail Marketing. To unsubscribe from marketing materials via postal mail, email customer service or call 1-203-857-3100. Please provide us with the exact name and address as it appears on the mailing label so we can identify your record.
Any Other Opt-Out Questions. For other inquiries and information requests including removal of your name and other information from our database please use the Contact Us form on the pages of our Sites or email customer service or call 1-203-857-3100.
Turning Off Tracking Technologies. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a persistent or session cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off such cookies through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
5. CHILDREN The Sites are not directed at individuals under thirteen years of age, and Belvoir Media Group LLC
does not intend to collect any personally-identifiable information from such individuals.
6. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES The Sites allow links to various other web sites. Belvoir Media Group LLC assumes no responsibility for the information practices of sites you are able to access through the Sites. These links to other sites do not imply affiliation or endorsement of a linked site.
7. SECURITY The importance of security for all personally-identifiable information associated with our users and members is of utmost concern to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personally-identifiable information, Belvoir Media Group LLC can’t ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk.
Once we receive your personally-identifiable information, we will take reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides our customers who are California residents with certain rights relating to their personal data.
California residents may contact us at any time to exercise the following rights: (i) to opt-out of allowing us to sell their personal information, (ii) to require that we delete their personal information from our marketing archives, and (iii) to receive a disclosure from us of how we have used their personal information and with whom we have shared it for marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and wish to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA please send a request by email.
Or via the U.S. Mail to:
Belvoir Media Group Attention: CCPA Request535 Connecticut Avenue Norwalk CT 06854
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you. The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request). If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
You have the right to request that Belvoir delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services. Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
The categories of personal information we collected about you. The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information. The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request). If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
You have the right to request that Belvoir delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services. Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Introduction This section states the terms and conditions (“Terms”) under which you may use any Belvoir Media Group LLC (“Belvoir Media Group LLC”) web site (“Sites”). Please read this section carefully. If you do not accept the Terms, do not use the Sites or order any products from the Sites. By using the Sites or ordering any product from the Sites, you are indicating your agreement to be bound by the Terms. Belvoir Media Group LLC may revise the Terms at any time by posting an update to this page. You should visit this page periodically, because your continued use of the Site after we post changes to the Terms means you have accepted the changes. The terms “you” and “user” refer to all individuals and/or entities accessing the Sites for any reason. 2. Use of Material The contents of the Sites, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, sounds, images, videos and other material (“Material”), are owned by Belvoir Media Group LLC and third party service providers (“Service Providers”) and are protected by United States and foreign intellectual property laws. Unauthorized use of the Material may violate copyright, trademark and other laws. You may not sell or modify the Material or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the Material in any way for any public or commercial purpose. The Material may not be used on any other web site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose. You may not copy or adapt the HTML or other code that Belvoir Media Group LLC uses to generate its pages. This code is also protected by Belvoir Media Group LLC’s copyright and other intellectual property rights. 3. Site Use General Rules: You may not use the Sites in order to transmit, distribute, store or destroy material (a) in violation of any applicable law or regulation, (b) in a manner that will infringe the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others or violate the privacy, publicity or other personal rights of others, or (c) that is defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive, hateful, or otherwise objectionable, in our sole discretion. Security Rules: You may not violate or attempt to violate the security of the Sites or use the Sites to violate the security of other websites by any method, including, without limitation: (a) accessing data not intended for you or logging into a server or account which you are not authorized to access, (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measurers without proper authorization, (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user of the Sites, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Sites, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” or “crashing” the Sites, (d) sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services, or (e) forging any Belvoir Media Group LLC packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Belvoir Media Group LLC may investigate violations of the Terms and may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. 4. Linking to the Sites We welcome links to any Belvoir Media Group LLC web site, but any link must not:
frame or create a browser or border environment around the Web Site; imply that Belvoir Media Group LLC is endorsing your web site or your products or services; misrepresent your relationship with Belvoir Media Group LLC; present false information about products or services on the Site; use our trademarks or logos without prior permission from us; and contain content that we might consider distasteful or offensive. 5. Information Please see Belvoir Media Group LLC’s Privacy Policy for details regarding our use of information collected from users of the Sites. 6. Purchases from the Sites The following additional terms apply to users purchasing goods from the Sites: A. Prices & Availability. Prices are in U.S. dollars and if stated, Canadian dollars. Promotional offers and prices are for a limited time. Prices are subject to change without notice and do not include shipping and handling charges or applicable taxes. B. Modifications. We may modify and discontinue products at any time. C. Shipments. Belvoir Media Group LLC accepts and ships orders for preorders and for products that are in stock. We will accept a return or exchange books and credit your method of payment (minus shipping and handling costs). We cannot refund shipping charges except when the book shipped to you was damaged or the wrong product was shipped as a result of our error. Please send your return to: Belvoir Media Group LLC Customer Service/Refunds 535 Connecticut Ave Norwalk, CT 06854 If you have any further questions, please call, 1-203-857-3100, or email us at: Customer_Service@Belvoir.com. D. Credit Card Information. If you choose to purchase a product online using a credit card, you accept all risks associated with doing so, including the risk that your credit card number or other information could be intercepted in transit. You understand that we will not be liable for any charges which may be made on your credit card as a result of interception, or any other misuse of your credit card or information transmitted or mis-transmitted to us. E. Shipping Charges, Taxes. Separate charges for shipping and handling may apply. You are responsible for any sales and other taxes associated with the order, however designated. If applicable, a separate charge for taxes will be shown on the invoice. Sales tax is calculated based on the state and local tax of the shipping address. Once your order is placed, you will receive an e-mail confirming your order and a total including sales tax. F. Title. Title to and risk of loss of products passes from us to you on shipment from our facility. G. Errors. Belvoir Media Group LLC will not be responsible for typographical or other errors or omissions regarding prices or other information. 7. Belvoir Media Group LLC’s Liability The Material may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. We make no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Sites or the Material. The use of the Sites and the Material is at your own risk. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify, add, or remove portions of the Sites at anytime without notice. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the form, content and accuracy of any material you place on the Sites. Belvoir Media Group LLC does not warrant that the sites will operate error-free or that the sites or its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful mechanisms. If your use of the sites or the material results in the need for servicing or replacement of your or another’s equipment or data, we are not responsible for those costs. The sites and the material are provided on an “as is” basis without any warranties of any kind. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Without limiting the foregoing, we specifically disclaim any warranty (a) that the sites will be uninterrupted or error-free, (b) that defects will be corrected, (c) that there are no viruses or other harmful components, (d) that the security methods employed will be sufficient, and (e) regarding correctness, accuracy, or reliability. 8. Limitation of liability and remedies the maximum aggregate liability of Belvoir Media Group LLC under any contractual, negligence, strict liability, or other theory for any order through the sites will be limited exclusively to a refund of payments we received from you relating to such order. Neither we nor our service providers shall be liable for (i) any indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of any order from Belvoir Media Group LLC’s online store or the use of or inability to use the sites or any information provided on or through the sites, or any other hyperlinked web site, including without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other data, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or (ii) any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the sites, the service or any hyperlinked website. 9. Links to Other Sites The Sites contain links to third party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by us of the content on such third-party websites. We are not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and do not make any representations regarding the content, suitability, or accuracy of materials on such third-party sites. If you decide to access linked third-party sites, you do so at you own risk. Belvoir Media Group LLC cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from a third-party site that links to or from Belvoir Media Group LLC because these sites are owned and operated by independent retailers. We do not endorse any of the goods or services, nor have we taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of any of the information contained in such third-party sites. Belvoir Media Group LLC does not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third party, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites and activity. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or off-line transaction with any of these third parties. 10. Termination Belvoir Media Group LLC reserves the right, at its sole discretion and without liability to you, to immediately terminate your ability to access the Sites and/or any other service we may provide to you, with or without cause. Without limiting the foregoing, we may terminate your access if we learn you have provided false or misleading information, interfered with other users or the administration of our services, or otherwise not complied with any of the Terms. 11. General Belvoir Media Group LLC makes no claims that the Materials may be lawfully viewed or downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Materials may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Sites from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. The Terms are governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of Connecticut, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Jurisdiction of any claims arising under the Terms will lie exclusively with the state or federal courts within the state of Connecticut and you consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts if there is a dispute between you and us. You may not institute any action in any form arising out of use of the Sites, the Materials or the Terms more than eighteen (18) months after the cause of action has arisen. If any of the Terms is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, that invalidity will not affect the validity of the remaining Terms, which will remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any Term will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision. Except as expressly provided in another statement by Belvoir Media Group LLC on the Sites, the Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the use of Sites. No changes to the Terms may be made except by a revised posting by us on this page, and no waiver of any Term will be effective unless it is in writing and signed by us. Updated 12/27/19
Belvoir Media Group LLC Customer Service/Refunds 535 Connecticut Ave Norwalk, CT 06854
Current Issue
Download The Full December 2020 Issue PDF
Subscribe
Digital Issues
Aerox Portable 02 Flight Demo
https://youtu.be/voQM6xmdWEYResourcesAbout Us
Back Issues
Customer Service
Contact Us
Links
Online Account Activation
PRICING DISCLAIMER For more than five decades, active and dedicated aircraft owners and pilots have turned to AVIATION CONSUMER to answer their most important buying questions. This website contains many older reviews. Unless otherwise noted, these reviews carry product pricing from the time of the original review.
ABOUT US"WHAT DOES AVIATION CONSUMER SAY?"
As an active pilot you demand equipment that will perform reliably and precisely. You don't want to be grounded by bad gear and you never want your safety jeopardized by equipment whose performance falls short of its manufacturer's promises.
For more than five decades, active and dedicated aircraft owners and pilots have turned to AVIATION CONSUMER to answer their most important buying questions. Because it accepts no advertising, AVIATION CONSUMER has the unfettered freedom to deliver impartial and uncompromising evaluations of aircraft, avionics, accessories, equipment and more.FOLLOW US
About Us
Subscribe
Register
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
Online Account Activation
© Belvoir Media Group, LLC. All rights reserved.