https://www.naturistfoundation.org/cancellation-policy/
Home
About us
About us
Visiting Us
Visitor Rules
FAQ
Our Facilities
The Swimming Pool
Sauna
The Pavilion
The Tea Pot Café
Childrens Play Area
Sports Facilities
Woodland Walks
The Camping Meadow
The Chalet
Staying with Us
Day Visits
Diary
Big Events
Contact us
Members Forum
Cart£0.000Your cart is empty.Login
Sign Up
Cart£0.000Your cart is empty.
Login
Terms & Conditions
Cancellation Policy
Your booking payment includes a non-refundable deposit of 25%. If you cancel your booking 72 hours or more prior to your arrival, you will receive a refund of 75% of the total amount paid.
For ticketed events a non- refundable deposit of 50% applies with a refund of 50% if cancelled with 72 hours or more notice.
Rules and Conventions of the Naturist Foundation
Rules and Conventions of the Naturist Foundation (Visitors)
Our rules are designed to safeguard the enjoyment of all users of our grounds and facilities and also events organised by us away from Brocken Hurst. We expect everyone to co-operate in ensuring they respect other visitors and members. The general rules set out below are kept to a minimum. They are supplemented by others relating to, but not limited to, camping, use of the swimming pool and sauna, photography, internet and locker/sun bed storage facilities. These include safety matters and legal requirements and are made known to all concerned.
For the public benefit the Foundation provides facilities for outdoor recreation under naturist conditions i.e. without clothing whenever weather and other circumstances permit. Those seeking to enjoy the facilities are expected to have this objective in mind.
These rules, the level of fees, and all other conditions are designed to achieve the maximum possible public benefit, i.e. to make the best possible opportunities available to the widest possible section of the community at large for recreation in a naturist atmosphere by those using the facilities provided. Priority, however, will be given to young people and families and those perceived to be in need of benefit.
The Trustees have the discretion to vary any rules, fees and conditions with the Trust Deed in mind. Day to day organisation is undertaken by the Trustees with the help of a Management and Co-ordinating Committee.
The Naturist Foundation abides by a robust safeguarding policy and has onsite safeguarding officers. If there are any concerns or risks associated with any person the Naturist Foundation will refuse entry or ask you to leave. The Naturist Foundation has a duty of care to protect existing members.
Any person who has been convicted of any serious criminal or criminal sexual offence will be prohibited from entering the Naturist Foundation.
Inappropriate or bad behaviour will lead to immediate exclusion from the premises. This includes overt displays of affection.
Recreational drugs of any kind are not permitted on site.
Piercings and jewellery are fine as long as they have no sexual connotations, especially as we are a family orientated club.
A bar is provided and operated in accordance with our Club Premises Licence and no alcoholic drinks may be brought into or consumed in the grounds central areas.
Televisions, radios, CD players, musical instruments and any other form of media entertainment device can only be used at a low volume level that does not impede the enjoyment by other users of the Foundation facilities. Gatherings on a pitch should be finished by 10.30pm so as not to encroach on the enjoyment of the Foundation by others.
Visitors do not have permission to take photographs or moving images on any device within the grounds of Brocken Hurst. Members may take photos within the grounds at Brocken Hurst. Please see Photography Policy for full details.
No animals are permitted within the grounds accept Assistance Dogs. The exception is those belonging to residents that have been given approval by the Trustees. No livestock is permitted under any circumstances.
Adults may use bikes/mobility scooters to get to and from the central area but must be considerate of pedestrians and other road users. Please remember we have a 5mph speed limit on site.
Lockers and sunbed storage spaces can be hired on a daily basis for a refundable key deposit fee determined by the Trustees. The Naturist Foundation assumes no responsibility for loss or damage of any property in any storage area whether locked or unlocked. If any belongings are left by a visitor and are not claimed within two weeks, the Naturist Foundation has the right to remove and dispose of said items.
The names, addresses and any other information relating to members/visitors held by the Foundation are deemed to be confidential according to our Privacy policy. Access to this information is restricted to the Trustees and office staff.
Meadow Camping Rules
If you have any problems during your visit please contact the office or the meadow camping warden. For out of office hours help please telephone 07763 954345
These rules should be read in conjunction with the Rules and Conventions of the Naturist Foundation.
Fees. Visitor fees must be paid in full before a site can be occupied.
Camping Season. Visitor camping is permitted from 1st April or Easter, whichever is earlier, to the weekend of the 2nd Sunday in October.
Sites. Caravans/motor homes/tents must be at least 6 metres apart. Family units can be 3 metres apart. Awnings are permitted and BBQ’s are permitted provided they are not sited directly on the floor. Alternatively, there is a communal large brick built BBQ in the central area. Please provide your own coals. Visitors are expected to keep their allocated site neat and tidy during their stay.
Gas Bottles. Gas is available to purchase on site, provided we have the size you require.
Hose pipes. Hose pipes are not permitted to be connected to our water taps under any circumstances.
Rubbish. Rubbish may be placed in the euro bins at the bottom of the meadow. Glass recycling bins are also located in the bin store and a dry mixed recycling euro bin. Please see notices for details of what can and cannot be recycled. The bin facility is for domestic rubbish only.
Speed. All areas of the site are subject to a 5MPH SPEED LIMIT. This applies to everyone on site. This is for the safety of everyone, especially children, on site.
Car Parking. All electric pitches have the facility to park one car. Non-electric pitches may not be able to accommodate vehicles. All other vehicles must be left on the parking area at the bottom of the meadow.
Children. Children are the responsibility of their parent/guardian at all times. No child under the age of 18 can camp on their own overnight and should not be left in their tent/caravan unsupervised after dark. Children attending an evening function should do so under the supervision of their parent/guardian. If children are to be left in the care of a member then a “parental responsibility” form should be completed on every occasion and handed in to the office.
Washing up. If you do not have your own washing up facilities you can use the facilities provided behind the meadow shower block. Do not wash up at the drinking water points.
The Naturist Foundation Swimming Pool Policy
Showers must be taken before entering the pool, particularly after using the sauna.
Children under 12 years of age must be accompanied and supervised by a person of 18 years or over at all times.
Children aged 12 to 17 who have not passed a recognised swimming test must be accompanied by a person aged 18 or over. A maximum of 3 children per supervisor. Children aged 12 to 17 years who have passed a recognised swimming test may swim with any other person aged 12 or over provided both/all have passed the Naturist Foundation Safety Test or other proven comparable qualification. They may not swim alone at any time.
Adults who use the pool alone do so at their own risk.
No towels, clothing, swimwear or other equipment including mobile phones is allowed within the pool area unless being used for a swimming/lifeguarding award. All items should be left in the changing area.
No inflatables, balls etc are allowed except during organised sessions.
All forms of rough play are prohibited.
No diving at the shallow end and where water depth is less than 1.5m.
Children who are not toilet trained or under 2 years of age must wear swim nappies.
Anybody suffering from diarrhoea should not enter the pool.
People should not enter the pool under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol.
The Naturist Foundation Sauna Policy
Showers must be taken before using the sauna.
Always sit or lay on a towel in the sauna.
Do not pour ANY liquid on the rocks. Scented oils etc can be put on the walls only.
Never use the sauna alone.
Glass bottles, razors or other sharp items should not be taken into the sauna.
Children aged 10 to 18 are permitted to use the sauna with adult supervision.
We recommend the following:
Keep yourself rehydrated by drinking plenty of water.
Remove any metal jewellery that could become hot.
You are not permitted to use the sauna if you:
Have a medical condition that is exacerbated through exposure to heat e.g. heart disease, high/low blood pressure, kidney disease. If you are not sure please consult your GP or health professional.
Have any infectious skin diseases or wounds.
Are under the influence of alcohol or drugs.
Are clinically obese.
Are pregnant.
Are under 10 years of age
The Naturist Foundation’s acceptable internet use policy
All users must ensure that they:
Use the internet in an acceptable way
Do not create unnecessary business risk to the Foundation by their misuse of the internet
Unacceptable behaviour
In particular the following is deemed unacceptable use or behaviour by users:
Visiting internet sites that contain obscene, hateful, pornographic or otherwise illegal material.
Using the internet to perpetrate any form of fraud, or software film or music piracy.
Using the internet to send offensive or harassing material to other users.
Downloading commercial software or any copyrighted materials belonging to third parties, unless this download is covered or permitted under a commercial agreement or other such licence.
Hacking into unauthorised areas,
Publishing defamatory and/or knowingly false material about the Foundation, other Foundation members or staff, on social networking sites, blogs, wikis and any other online publishing format.
Revealing confidential information about the Foundation, Foundation staff or members in a personal online posting, upload or transmission -including financial information and personal information.
Undertaking deliberate activities that waste staff effort or networked resources.
Introducing any form of malicious software into the Foundation’s network.
Use of peer 2 peer (p2p) or Torrent (Bit Torrent) is strictly prohibited.
Misuse of this facility can have a negative impact upon other users and the reputation of the Foundation. The Foundation maintains the right to monitor the volume of internet and network traffic, together with the internet sites visited. Where it is believed that a user has failed to comply with this policy, they could face permanent exclusion from the Foundation’s internet connection and/or lose their membership. All users who have been granted the right to use the Foundation’s internet access are required to sign the agreement confirming their understanding and acceptance of this policy.
The Naturist Foundation’s internet & photography policy
The Naturist Foundation’s acceptable internet use policy
All users must ensure that they:
Use the internet in an acceptable way
Do not create unnecessary business risk to the Foundation by their misuse of the internet
Agree to Fair Usage. Internet users who use a disproportionate amount of bandwidth will find themselves limited in some way – either in connection or download speed.
Unacceptable behaviour
In particular the following is deemed unacceptable use or behaviour by users:
Visiting internet sites that contain obscene, hateful, pornographic or otherwise illegal material.
Using the internet to perpetrate any form of fraud, or software film or music piracy.
Using the internet to send offensive or harassing material to other users.
Downloading commercial software or any copyrighted materials belonging to third parties, unless this download is covered or permitted under a commercial agreement or other such licence.
Hacking into unauthorised areas,
Publishing defamatory and/or knowingly false material about the Foundation, other Foundation members or staff, on social networking sites, blogs, wikis and any other online publishing format.
Revealing confidential information about the Foundation, Foundation staff or members in a personal online posting, upload or transmission -including financial information and personal information.
Undertaking deliberate activities that waste staff effort or networked resources.
Introducing any form of malicious software into the Foundation’s network.
Use of peer 2 peer (p2p) or Torrent (Bit Torrent) is strictly prohibited.
Misuse of this facility can have a negative impact upon other users and the reputation of the Foundation. The Foundation maintains the right to monitor the volume of internet and network traffic, together with the internet sites visited. Where it is believed that a user has failed to comply with this policy, they could face permanent exclusion from the Foundation’s internet connection and/or lose their membership. All users who have been granted the right to use the Foundation’s internet access are required to sign the agreement confirming their understanding and acceptance of this policy.
The Naturist Foundation’s photography policy
The Naturist Foundation authorises individuals to take photographs at events held within the grounds. These Individuals are identified by wearing an official photographer pass issued by The Naturist Foundation and they abide by strict rules respecting privacy. Unless within an area that clearly specifies ‘Photographs may be taken’, the consent of any person included in images taken by an official photographer will be obtained should that image be used for publicity purposes by The Naturist Foundation.
Visitors do not have permission to take photographs or moving images on any device within the grounds of Brocken Hurst.
Members may take photos within the grounds at Brocken Hurst with the consent of those captured but do not have permission to take photos within the public areas of Brocken Hurst (this includes inside all buildings). Please remember that many smart phones have wide angles that can capture people in the background unintentionally.
All members and visitors have an expectation that their privacy will be respected and many people may not want their image (whether clothed or not) taken and possibly shared on social media. Please be considerate at all times and be prepared to show the images you have taken to assure others that they have not been photographed on your device.
Copies of all images taken within the grounds of Brocken Hurst must be provided to an official of The Naturist Foundation if requested.
Smart glasses and drones are not permitted into The Naturist Foundation or airspace over the grounds at any time.