http://www.thetollroads.com/help/rentals
We’ve updated our Privacy Policy.
TCA is committed to protecting your privacy and keeping you informed. Click here to read our Privacy Policy (PDF) and learn how your information is collected, used, stored, shared and protected.
Skip to main content
Home
Help
Rental Vehicles
Rental Vehicles
All tolls on State Routes 73, 133, 241 and 261 are collected electronically. If you are driving a rental car you can pay your tolls the following ways:
FasTrak Account
If you are renting or borrowing a vehicle and have a FasTrak account you can temporarily add the vehicle’s license plate number to your account. Log in to your account to add the vehicle on a temporary basis with a start and end date for your rental period. Driving a rental car or borrowed vehicle on The Toll Roads without temporarily adding the license plate number to your account may result in tolls and additional service fees billed through the rental company or a Notice of Toll Evasion.
Register your rental vehicle with The Toll Roads to pay tolls directly:
If you do not have a FasTrak account, you can have tolls charged directly to your credit card while using a rental car. Once you enter the license plate number you will be directed through a process to have tolls charged directly to your credit card for all or part of your rental period. Some companies require you pre-register your vehicle before your drive on The Toll Roads. Any trips incurred before you register the vehicle will be charged directly through the rental company after you return the car, according to your rental agreement.
Registering your rental vehicle will only cover tolls incurred on the 73, 133, 241 and 261 Toll Roads. The following roads do not accept this payment method:
91 Express Lanes in Orange County
10/110 Metro ExpressLanes in Los Angeles
125 South Bay Expressway in San Diego
I-15 Express Lanes in San Diego
I-580 and I-680 Express Lanes in the San Francisco Bay Area
Bridges in the San Francisco Bay Area, including the Golden Gate Bridge
Automatically register through a rental car agreement
Before driving a rental car on The Toll Roads, it is recommended that you ask the rental car company how they process tolls and fees. Many rental car companies offer ways to pay tolls and have them charged conveniently through your rental agreement. If the rental car company or branch location doesn’t allow you to pay tolls through your rental agreement, you can pay tolls online. Additionally, some Avis and Budget car rental locations in California have certain vehicles equipped with FasTrak transponders that allow drivers to use any tolled bridge, lane and road in California for a nominal fee. The rental car companies listed below offer the option of paying tolls through your rental agreement.
Alamo (Opens in a new window)
Avis (Opens in a new window)
Budget (Opens in a new window)
Dollar (Opens in a new window)
Enterprise (Opens in a new window)
Fox (Opens in a new window)
Hertz (Opens in a new window)
National (Opens in a new window)
Payless (Opens in a new window)
Sixt (Opens in a new window)
Thrifty (Opens in a new window)
Renters will be charged the tolls incurred and the convenience fee outlined in the rental car agreement. Please contact the rental car company for more information and convenience fees that may be assessed after for driving The Toll Roads or other tolled roads and bridges in California.
If you have additional questions, you can also contact your rental car company’s customer service center.
Enterprise: 877-860-1258
National: 877-860-1283
Alamo: 877-860-1284
Hertz: 877-411-4300
Dollar: 877-759-5823
Thrifty: 877-759-5826
In this section
Ways to Pay TollsRental VehiclesFor VisitorsMilitary ProgramService CentersContact UsFAQsTutorials
Back to Top
×
The Toll Roads Rewards Program
With The Toll Roads Rewards Program, accountholders who drive The Toll Roads at least once during the month will receive a special promotion from a local retail partner as a token of our appreciation. The program is free for accountholders and easy to join.  Log in to your account now!
Drive this month for rewards from:Pedego Electric Bikes
Close
Tell Me More
Update
Our Response to COVID-19
As a government agency, the health and safety of the public are important to us and we are committed to complying with efforts to slow the spread of COVID-19.
While our Walk-In Center remains closed, our call center, website and app are available to manage an account, open a new account, pay a toll, resolve a violation and much more.
For the latest on our response to COVID-19, visit TheTollRoads.com/COVID-19.
For free educational resources to pass time during quarantine, visit TheTollRoads.com/Educational-Resources.
Close
×