https://www.nawcc.org/digital-privacy-statement/
Digital Privacy Statement
The National Association of Watch and Clock Collectors, Inc. (NAWCC) is the owner of the information collected on nawcc.org. This website has reasonable security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
How Information is Used
Your personal information is used for NAWCC purposes only. We will not share, sell, or authorize any third party to use your personal information for commercial purposes without your permission. We use the information we gather from you for member services, systems administration and other purposes described in this policy.
We may collect and store, in electronic and/or hard copy formats, certain personal information which allows us to identify you as an individual such as name, address, email, phone, and payment information. Your personal information is collected and stored to transact gift shop orders and for member services such as processing membership applications and renewals, signing up for events, enabling member voting as defined in our Bylaws, contacting you with information relating to NAWCC products, services and fundraising, and for system administration such as website user access and password reset. If you send us an email or form, the contact information you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
We may share personal information with contracted third parties to conduct official NAWCC business. For example, to print and mail the Watch & Clock Bulletin to you. We will only outsource services to reputable firms that have procedures in place to ensure the safe and confidential processing of personal data at all times.
Cookies
Cookies, web beacons and similar technologies are used to aid in the processing of website pages including single sign-in, membership applications and renewals, signing up for events, and transacting gift shop orders. They are also used by Google and other third parties to collect or receive information from our website to provide analytics, measurement services, and target ads. These common website tools do not contain personal information.
Legal Disclosures
We may disclose personal information when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; protect our rights, safety or property, or the rights, safety or property of our users or others.
Links
This website contains links to other websites. The NAWCC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Correcting & Deleting Personal Information
You may correct your personal information using this website or by contacting Membership Services. Personal information can be deleted/deactivated for members no longer wanting our products and services by contacting Membership Services.
Notification of Changes
This Privacy Statement may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page. The date of the last update was May 1, 2020.
NAWCC Forums
This online resource is provided as a service of the NAWCC. The NAWCC is not responsible for the opinions and information posted on this website by others. The NAWCC disclaims all warranties concerning information posted on this website, whether posted by NAWCC or any third party; this disclaimer includes all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness. In no event shall NAWCC be liable for any special, indirect, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of any information posted on this website.
Do not post any defamatory, abusive, profane, threatening, offensive, or illegal materials. Do not post any material protected by copyright without the permission of the copyright owner. By posting material, the posting party warrants and represents that he or she is the originator of the material, he or she owns the copyright with respect to the material, or he or she has received permission from the copyright owner to post the material. In addition, the posting party grants the NAWCC and users of this list the nonexclusive right and license to reference, quote, discuss, and cite the material, as well as third-party rights to display, copy, publish, distribute, transmit, print, and use portions of the material in accordance with U.S. and international copyright law according to the implied license under which it is shared here.
All copyright, rules and terms for participating on NAWCC Forums can be found on the NAWCC Forums Rules posted on the NAWCC Forums main page.
Disclaimer of Liability
In no event shall the NAWCC and its officers, directors, agents, and employees be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused by or in connection with, use of, or reliance on, any information, products, or services available on or through this website. The NAWCC and its officers, directors, agents, and employees shall not be held liable, and do not assume responsibility, for any improper or incorrect use of this website. This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or loss, including but not limited to those caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of data, whether for breach of contract, tortuous behavior, negligence, or under any other cause of action.
Emailing the NAWCC
The NAWCC mail server uses software that rejects emails with offensive wording or potentially fraudulent or threatening content. Legitimate email may be accidentally blocked from reaching its destination by this scanning software. If you have not received a reply to confirm receipt or think that your email may not have been delivered, please contact us via phone, (717) 684-8261.
Complaints and Feedback
The NAWCC strives to meet a high standard for collecting, using, and storing personal information and has a designated Data Protection Officer on staff who is available to address any questions or concerns you may have. Please contact the NAWCC Executive Office to be put in contact with our Data Protection Officer or if you have any complaints or questions about this Digital Privacy Statement.