http://www.bobcampbell.co.nz/terms/
Bob's Reviews
Browse Wines
Have an account?
Sign in
Home
Tour
About
Courses
Don't have Full Individual or Trade membership?
If you are an iPhone Only member, all you have to do is download the app and sign in to view Bob's reviews and rating.To access Bob's ratings and reviews on this website, please upgrade to a Full Individual or Trade Membership.
Acceptable Usage Policy
Privacy Policy
Trade License
Acceptable Usage Policy
BobCampbell.nz is a service owned and operated jointly by Bob Campbell and Corkscore Pty Ltd. It enables its users to access professional wine ratings and reviews, and store their own tasting notes and manage their cellars through mobile phones, Blackberries and iPhones and through the internet, and to share certain information with their friends. BobCampbell.nz is designed entirely to benefit its members. Each member has full control over his or her wine tasting content created for that page by the member ("User Content"), including the friends with whom such User Content may be shared.
These Terms of Use apply to the use of all channels through which BobCampbell.nz can be accessed. The term "BobCampbell.nz" or "the site" refers to the website, the mobile optimised website, the iPhone/iPod touch/iPad application, and any other means of accessing BobCampbell.nz.
The content on this site is for personal use only. The content, including professional tasting notes, ratings, articles and community ratings and reviews published on BobCampbell.nz is the property of Bob Campbell and Corkscore Pty Ltd and may not be copied, shared distributed without expressed written consent of Bob Campbell and Corkscore Pty Ltd. Please contact management@corkscore.com for any questions regarding this matter.
Although User Content is not in any way public other than anonymous display of wine reviews to other users who reviewed the same wine, there are certain basic terms and conditions of use which each member must observe and which are set out in these Terms and Conditions of Use. By accessing or using our service, you signify that you have read, that you understand and that you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time without further notice. If we do this, we will post the changes to these Terms and Conditions of Use on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised. Your continued use of the service after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions of Use. It is your responsibility to regularly check the Site to determine if there have been changes to these Terms of Use and to review such changes.
Eligibility
BobCampbell.nz does not sell wine itself. However, many jurisdictions have very wide laws governing the advertising and sale of alcohol, whether directly or indirectly, including prohibitions on the advertising and sale of alcohol to minors. By becoming a BobCampbell.nz member, you represent and warrant that you are at least the minimum age required within your jurisdiction to purchase alcoholic substances and beverages.
Use Restriction
You acknowledge that BobCampbell.nz is available for your personal, non-commercial use only in accessing Bob Campbell’s wine ratings and reviews as well as posting your own wine tasting notes to your BobCampbell.nz page. You represent, warrant and agree that User Content submitted through your account or otherwise posted, transmitted, or shared by you on or through BobCampbell.nz will not violate or infringe the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights; or contain libelous, defamatory or otherwise unlawful material. We hate to say this, but you must use BobCampbell.nz only for posting wine tasting notes to your page and not for:
posting, transmitting, sharing or storing User Content which in our sole opinion is threatening, unlawful, defamatory, infringing, abusive, harassing, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit, graphic or gratuitous violence, fraudulent, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or otherwise misrepresenting yourself, your age or your affiliation with any person or entity;
using BobCampbell.nz in any unlawful manner or in any other manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair it;
posting, transmitting, sharing, storing or otherwise making available content that, in the sole judgment of BobCampbell.nz, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying BobCampbell.nz, or which may expose BobCampbell.nz or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
User Content
You are solely responsible for User Content you post on or through BobCampbell.nz, or transmit to or share with other users. You may not post, transmit, or share User Content on BobCampbell.nz that you did not create or that you do not have permission to post. You understand and agree that the BobCampbell.nz may, but is not obligated to, review User Content and may delete or remove (without notice) any User Content which in its sole discretion and for any reason whatsoever, breaches these Terms and Conditions of Use. You are solely responsible at your sole cost and expense for creating backup copies and replacing any User Content you post or store on BobCampbell.nz.
When you post User Content to BobCampbell.nz, you authorize and direct us to make such copies as we deem necessary in order to facilitate the posting and storage of the User Content. By posting User Content to BobCampbell.nz, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to BobCampbell.nz an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, copy, display, reformat, translate and distribute such User Content in connection with the purposes and objectives of BobCampbell.nz. If you choose to remove your User Content, the license granted above will automatically expire. BobCampbell.nz does not assert any ownership over your User Content. You retain full ownership of all of your User Content and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your User Content, subject only to the license granted to BobCampbell.nz pursuant to these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Winery Content
Wineries are solely responsible for Winery Content posted on or through Corkscore properties, including BobCampbell.nz. Wineries understand and agree that Corkscore may, but is not obligated to, review Winery Content and may delete or remove (without notice) any Winery Content which in its sole discretion and for any reason whatsoever, breaches these Terms and Conditions of Use. Wineries are solely responsible at their sole cost and expense for creating backup copies and replacing any Winery Content they post or store on Corkscore properties.
When wineries provide Winery Content to Corkscore, including BobCampbell.nz, they authorize and direct us to make such copies as we deem necessary in order to facilitate the posting and storage of the Winery Content. By submitting Winery Content to us, wineries automatically grant, and represent and warrant that they have the right to grant, to Corkscore an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, copy, display, reformat, translate and distribute such Winery Content in connection with the purposes and objectives of Corkscore properties, including BobCampbell.nz. If wineries choose to remove their Winery Content, the license granted above will automatically expire. Corkscore does not assert any ownership over Winery Content. Wineries retain full ownership of all of Winery Content and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with the Winery Content, subject only to the license granted to Corkscore pursuant to these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Delivery Method, Refunds and Returns
Corkscore Pty Ltd operates BobCampbell.nz and provides the subscription facilities.
Subscription automatically renews unless the membership is cancelled before the end of the current period.
Cost of the renewal will be the same as when the user signed up originally.
No payment information is stored on this site. We use Recurly.com to manage subscription and payment details.
The Payment Gateway to process payments is provided by Paypal. Unless stated otherwise, the period for paid
membership to Corkscore.com and BobCampbell.nz is 12 months. We do not offer full or partial refunds of
membership fees for any reason. Membership commences with the payment of the membership fee and cannot
be suspended for any reason until the last day of the membership period.
Delivery of the membership is in digital form. Upon payment for the subscription,
subscribers will define their own login name and password and receive an invoice with the amount paid.
Unless stated otherwise, all prices are in Australian Dollars.
Membership can be terminated by sending an email to team@bobcampbell.nz or clicking the "View your subscription and billing information" link in the emailed invoices.
iPhone App
The Bob Campbell iPhone App "Bob Campbell's New Zealand Wine Reviews" is a wine publication that requires a subscription to access premium content.
Subscriptions are for one year. The subscription price for non-Australian customers is clearly shown when the in-app purchase is made.
Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of the in-app subscription purchase.
Subscriptions may be managed by the user. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period.
Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication.
Disclaimer
BobCampbell.nz is not responsible or liable in any way whatsoever for damages or losses resulting from (a) any User Content posted on BobCampbell.nz; or (b) the accuracy of any information (including ratings, prices and comments) published on BobCampbell.nz, whether posted by BobCampbell.nz or by any User or other third party. We do not review User Content posted on BobCampbell.nz, and BobCampbell.nz is not responsible, and disclaims all responsibility, for the posting of User Content which breaches the Use Restriction provisions of these Terms of Use. BobCampbell.nz provides its service on an "as is, where is" basis, and to the full extent permitted by law excludes all warranties and representations, express or implied (including without limitation warranties and representations as to merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose).
Subscribe to our
Free Newsletters
Email
First Name
Last Name
Join the mailing list
View previous emails
Services
Take the Tour
Corporate Events
Wine Courses
The Real Review
Help
About
About Bob
How I Score
Wines I Love
Winery Ratings
Contact Us
Memberships
Become a Member
Winery Membership
Distributor Membership
Retailer Membership
Terms & Conditions
Trade
Submit Wine Samples
Order Ribbon Stickers
Marketing Resources
Trade Terms & Conditions
© 2020 Bob Campbell & Corkscore Pty Ltd
BobCampbell.nz and all related servicesare operated by Corkscore Pty Ltd.