https://www.salmonforks.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home    Privacy Policy
Transaction Processing
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Salmon Forks Outfitters treats personal information that the company collects and receives via email, our website, customer responses to our promotions and via phone inquiries. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
Information Collection and Use
Salmon Forks Outfitters collects personal information when you sign up for our newsletter, book a trip and/or when you take advantage of special offers we make to our website visitors and clients. When you register we ask for personal information such as your name, email address, home address, phone number.
Cookies
Our website also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address and the page you request for purposes of tracking overall site visitor volume and page views.
Salmon Forks Outfitters may choose to use this information for the following general purposes:
To customize the information you receive from us.
Fulfill your requests for adventure travel trips.
Improve our website, email newsletter and client services.
Create special promotions.
Conduct customer research.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Salmon Forks Outfitters does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or companies unless we are required to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims or when we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or as otherwise required by law.
Your information will only be used to provide products or services you’ve requested when we have your permission to contact you according to the following circumstances:
You have entered a Salmon Forks Outfitters sponsored promotion.
You have requested information from us.
You have requested to receive our newsletter.
You book a trip with us.
A friend has suggested we contact you and you have agreed to opt-in to receive information from us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Salmon Forks Outfitters may update this policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified by you or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please contact us.
Featured Videos
Fishing Montana’s Bob Marshall Wilderness
Trips in Montana's Bob Marshall Wilderness
Open Video
Montana Fly Fishing
Montana fly fishing
Open Video
Ready for a Wilderness Experience? Submit an inquiry!