http://www.ianmacleod.com/terms
Our Company
About Us Our Values Awards History Podcast Corporate Responsibility Careers
Brands
Featured Brands
GlengoyneTamdhuSmokeheadKing Robert IIIsle of SkyeLangs RumEdinburgh Gin
Malt Whisky
'As We Get It'Chieftain'sMacleod'sSheep DipShieldaigThe Six Isles
Blended Whisky
Black ShieldClan MacleodDunfifeGlenshireHedges & ButlerIsle of SkyeLangsMajor Gunn'sMarshalMaxwellPig's NoseQueen's SealScottish Stag
Gin
King Robert IILondon Hill GinMarlborough GinRaffles
Vodka
King Robert IIRostov Vodka
Rum
King Robert IILangs RumWatson's Demerara & Trawler Rums
Wincarnis Wines
Wincarnis 1887 LiqueurWincarnis Wines
Distributor Brands
Atlantico Rum
Private LabellingBulkNews & EventsContact
Toggle navigation
Site Navigation
Our Company
About Us Our Values Awards History Careers
Brands
Private LabellingBulkNews & EventsContact
Terms
and Conditions
Introduction
Thank you for accessing www.ianmacleod.com, home of Ian Macleod Distillers Limited.  These Terms and Conditions shall apply to You (the user) whilst accessing Ian Macleod Distillers Limited website (the ‘Site’) and its related channels and sub-brand channels including: Glengoyne, Tamdhu, Smokehead, Isle of Skye Blended Scotch Whisky and Rocket Cat.  This Site and each sub-brand site operates for the purpose of promoting alcoholic beverages.
Acceptance of Use
Users of this site are bound to the terms and conditions detailed below. By accessing the Site, You should be:
of legal age for purchasing and consuming alcoholic beverages in accordance with the regulations of your country of residence.
in a country which permits the promotion and consumption of alcoholic beverages.
aware of how to consume alcohol responsibly.
For more information relating to responsible alcohol consumption please refer to: www.drinkaware.co.uk
If You do not wish to be bound by the terms and conditions detailed, You should not use the Ian Macleod Distillers Limited Site.
User Behaviour
You the user, should make use of the Site in accordance with the following conditions:
You may not in any way, shape or form act on behalf of Ian Macleod Distillers Limited or affiliated groups/ individuals.
You will not copy, download, reproduce, republish, frame, broadcast, transmit in any manner whatsoever, any material on the Site except as is strictly necessary for your own personal, non-commercial, home use unless otherwise agreed in writing with Ian Macleod Distillers Limited.
You will not express opinions on the Site or related channels that are crude, racist, sexist, vulgar or otherwise offensive.
When participating in competitions or promotions from the Site or related channels you will ensure to abide by any specific rules set.
You will refrain from infringing or disrupting the Site from functioning, exposing it to viruses or spams, breaching security or conducting any illegal activity which is likely to violate the rights of Ian Macleod Distillers Limited.
You will refrain from sending content from the Site to persons under the legal alcohol consumption/purchasing age.
Where relevant, we reserve the right, but not the obligation, to monitor use of the Site and to remove any content which, in our sole discretion, may be offensive, illegal or otherwise questionable in any way or in breach of the terms and conditions.
Disclaimer
The information contained on the Site may include views and opinions which, unless expressly states otherwise, are not those of Ian Macleod Distillers Limited.
Users should access the Ian Macleod Distillers Limited Site at their own risk.
Liability / Warranty
Whilst we aim to ensure that the content on the Site is correct Ian Macleod Distillers Limited cannot give any warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the Site.  Nor can Ian Macleod Distillers Limited guarantee that the Site will operate error-free, uninterrupted or free from any so-called computer viruses.  The Site and its content are provided ‘as is’.  Ian Macleod Distillers Limited do not accept responsibility for any loss or damage You may encounter as a consequence of placing trust in the information found on the Site.  Appropriate research should be taken by the user before placing reliance upon the content found on the Site.  Any reliance placed on information found on the Site should be done at the users own risk.
Third Party Sites
Ian Macleod Distillers Limited have no control of, accept no responsibility for and do not endorse any content found within third party sites which may be linked to the Ian Macleod Distillers Limited Site.  Links to these sites are to ease access for the user.  Any reliance placed on information found on third party sites should be done at the users own risk.
Privacy
By providing personal information to Ian Macleod Distillers Limited you consent to this information being used for purposes detailed in the ‘Privacy Policy’ of the Site.  Where possible, we shall comply with all applicable UK data protection legislation.  If at anytime your details change or you would like us to cease from using your information for the purposes mentioned in the ‘Privacy Policy’ please contact us at info@ianmacleod.com.
Competitions
Should Ian Macleod Distillers Limited  or one of its sub-brands run a competition the following terms and conditions apply:
By entering our competitions, you confirm that you are of legal drinking age in your country of residence.
Employees of the Promoter, their families and anyone professionally involved with these competitions are excluded from participating.
You may only enter once.
The competition will terminate at midnight (GMT) on the date set unless otherwise specified.
Any competition entry containing individuals Ian Macleod Distillers Limited consider to be under 18 will be excluded from the competition and Ian Macleod Distillers Limited reserves the right to hide or remove this content from any of their digital channels.
Ian Macleod Distillers Limited reserve the right to exclude competition entries they deem to be illegal, explicit, abusive or offensive in any way and hide or remove this content from any of their digital channel.
Ian Macleod Distillers Limited reserve the right to exclude competition entries that appear to encourage irresponsible drinking or behaviour and hide or remove this content from any of their digital channel.
Ian Macleod Distillers Limited reserve the right to hide or remove content from any of their digital channel that contains references to competitors of any of its sub-brands or any third party logos or trademarks.
The Prize
There will be no cash or other alternative to the prize offered unless the winner is in a country we cannot ship alcohol to and the prize is alcohol. In this instance, the winner will receive an alternative prize of equivalent value to that of the prize stated. Prizes are not transferable.
Dependent on the competition, prizes containing alcohol may only be shipped to certain countries due to import restrictions. See Countries we Ship to for more details.
If the prize is tour based, travel and accommodation expenses are not included in the offering.
Winner Selection
Winners will be chosen at random by an independent adjudicator.
The winners will be notified via email after each competition has ended.
The judges’ decision is final. No correspondence will be entered into.
Some competitions may be specific to Glengoyne Family members. Under these circumstances, if a competition entry is received by an individual who is not a registered member the entry will not be counted as valid.
Data Collected
The data and/or files submitted along with each entry will be retained for the purposes of administering this competition.
The entrant consents to the Promoter's use and processing of the entrant's personal data/files in connection with the competition.
The Promoter may use such details to let the entrant know about other products, services and promotions which they think may be of interest to the entrant.
Participants consent to their submitted data/files being used for Marketing purposes by the Promoter but may opt out at any time by emailing info@ianmacleod.com.
If uploading a photo as part of a competition, the participant agrees to Ian Macleod Distillers (or one of their brands) making use of this photograph within online promotional channels such as websites and social media pages.
Participants may opt out of receiving further emails from Ian Macleod Distillers Ltd, any of their brands or from 3rd parties and may request their details be removed from the database by emailing info@ianmacleod.com.
Special Offer Codes
Customers may only redeem offer codes for one transaction.
Offer codes may not be used in conjunction with any other offer.
All offers are inclusive of VAT and exclusive of shipping charges.
The Promoter reserves the right to withdraw, amend or temporarily suspend the competitions at its absolute discretion, provided that it shall not exercise this right unreasonably.  In all matters regarding these competitions, the decision of the Promoter will be final and binding.  By entering competitions run by Ian Macleod Distillers Limited, the entrant hereby agrees to be bound by these terms and conditions.
Copyright
Unless otherwise stated, all contents of the Site are copyright to Ian Macleod Distillers Limited.Governing Law
These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Scotland.
Ian Macleod Distillers Limited is Registered in Scotland No. 32696
Registered Office: Russell House, Dunnet Way,
Broxburn EH52 5BU
Ian Macleod Distillers Ltd encourages responsible drinking in line with SWA guidelines and . Please adhere to the legal purchase age in your country of residence.
Privacy |
Careers |
Privacy Notice (For Applicants) |
Terms |
Modern Slavery Policy
Website by The Weather Digital