http://www.tntmagazine.com/terms-and-conditions#privacy-policy
Skip to Content
Skip to Navigation
Skip to Search
Contact Us
Sign In
Sign Up
Cookie Policy
Updated Terms & Conditions
TNT Australia
eMag
|
Directory
|
TNT Travel Show 2017
|
Events Search
|
TNT Jobs
TNT Magazine
TNT Today
London
Entertainment
Travel
Deals & Wins
Lifestyle & career
Services
Jobs
CompetitionsDigital EditionDirectoryJobsLondonUKWorldShowbizTravelOpinionWeirdSportAustralia NewsFood and DrinkArea GuideEventsStageMusicFilmLifestyleTNT EventsNightlifeMusicFilmTVShowbizInterviewsStageComedyFestivalsFunGames and TechArts and CultureTournado.comTravel NewsDestinationsBig TripCity BreaksInsuranceCompetitionsLeisure & ShoppingPropertyWork in the UKWork AbroadJob SearchVisaMoving to LondonMoney & TaxesAccommodationInsuranceLeaving the UKShippingTNT EventsJobs Search
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Last update: July 09, 2018
This website is provided by Pixate Ltd whose registered office address is:
Pixate Ltd, Kemp House, 160 City Road, London, United Kingdom, EC1V2NX
And whose company number is: 11284471 (England).
Section 1: IntroductionWe strongly recommend that You read these Terms and Conditions carefully and in their entirety and print and save a copy of them for Your records.
They set out the terms of a legally binding agreement between You and Pixate Ltd
If You have any questions about these Terms and Conditions please contact webmaster@tntmagazine.com
These Terms and Conditions apply to all Users of this Website, whichever platform or device used to access it. They apply to regular and casual visitors, members, forum posters, bloggers and advertisers using the site for banners etc.
If any of these terms should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
If You do not accept these Terms and Conditions, or are not authorised to do so on behalf of Your business or work, You should immediately stop using this Website and cancel any subscriptions or memberships associated with it. Your continued use of the Website confirms Your acceptance of these terms.
If You use this Website in the course of Your business or work, You are also agreeing to these Terms and Conditions on behalf of that business.
Section 2: Definitions
“TNT” means Pixate Ltd, whose registered office is at Kemp House, 160 City Road, London, United Kingdom, EC1V2NX, and any subsidiary from time to time of Pixate Ltd also referred to as "We", "Us" and "Our".
“You” means any, and all casual surfers, regular visitors, members, forum posters, bloggers and advertisers using the site for banners, who land upon the site by choice or mistake.
"Websites" means the websites, mobile apps (iPhone and Android apps) and wap sites (including their constituent pages) published by Pixate Ltd; and any other Website, wap site, mobile apps (iPhone and Android apps) site, or web address owned or operated by a member of Pixate Ltd as may link to these Terms and Conditions from time to time.
“Contributions” means any unsolicited material, including (but not limited to) verbal, email, video, letters, texts, digital photographs or other images.
Section 3: Changes to These Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to make changes to any part of this Website, including to these Terms and Conditions. If We change these Terms and Conditions, We will update the date above. If We make substantive changes, We will also place a button named Revised Terms and Conditions on every page of the site.
It is Your responsibility to check these Terms and Conditions for updates and changes from time to time.
If You use any part of the Website after We have published such changes, You will be agreeing to be bound to those changes.
If You do not agree to be bound by the changes then You should immediately stop using the Website and cancel any memberships or subscriptions associated with it.
Section 4: Termination
These Terms and Conditions are effective until terminated by either You or by Pixate Ltd. You may terminate these terms at any time by destroying all materials obtained from Pixate Ltd site and any related documentation and all installations or copies of these, howsoever made.
These Terms and Conditions will immediately terminate, without notice if in the sole discretion of Pixate Ltd You do not comply with any provision within them. Upon Termination, You must destroy all materials obtained from the Pixate Ltd site and all related documentation and all installations or copies of these, however made.
Section 5: Access and Use
The content of the pages of this Website is for Your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither We nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this Website for any particular purpose.
You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and We expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this Website is entirely at Your own risk, for which We shall not be liable. It shall be Your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this Website meet Your specific requirements.
This Website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, fonts and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the Copyright notice, which forms part of these Terms and Conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this Website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the Website.
Unauthorised use of this Website may give rise to a claim for damages and / or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this Website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for Your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that We endorse these Website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked Website(s) and any breaches of criminal or civil laws or codes of practice that may be contained within them.
This Website is made available on the basis that We are excluded, to the extent permitted by law, from any terms implied by statute or otherwise and all liability for any loss or damage however it arises out of the use of this Website or reliance on its content.
We will not be liable to You for any interruption or delay that You experience in accessing the Website, whatever the cause.
No metatags, hyperlinks or other forms of linkage whatsoever to any other Website may be imposed on the Website unless express prior permission has been given by Pixate Ltd.
Access to particular areas of the Website, for example, the dating service and competitions may be subject to additional Terms and Conditions to which You confirm Your acceptance by entering these particular areas. If You do not accept those terms then You should immediately stop using those pages.
Pixate Ltd does not warrant that functions contained in the Website content will be available, uninterrupted or error free, or that defects will be corrected or that the content or the server(s) are available free of viruses or bugs.
If you are a registered user or subscriber, you are not permitted to share your user name and password with anyone else. A password is for one person’s use. Sharing a password means a copy of our content may subsequently be made by someone who is not authorised to do so. Password sharing is a breach of our terms and conditions and is likely to result in an infringement of copyright. We monitor usage to detect password sharing.
Section 6: Jurisdiction
Your use of this Website, these Terms and Conditions and any matters arising are subject to the laws of England and Wales. Any dispute is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales, save as specifically provided otherwise. This Website is targeted only at, and goods and services are only available to, UK residents.  Those who choose to access any Pixate Ltd material from any other location do so on their own initiative and are responsible for determining the usability and legality of the materials on the site.
Users also consent to the transfer, storage and processing of the Personal Data to/in countries outside the European Economic Area in connection with the processing mentioned above.
Users’ Personal Data may therefore be processed in countries where the rights and benefits conferred on data subjects may not be as favourable as in the UK and the European Union.
Users who would prefer not to have their Personal Data transferred in this way should make this clear by sending an appropriately worded message to the Publisher: webmaster@tntmagazine.com
Section 7: Pixate Ltd’s Responsibilities
Pixate Ltd shall endeavour at all times to take responsible steps to ensure that there are no breaches of security on the web site.
Pixate Ltd accepts no liability or responsibility for any error, omission, technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, made on the Website either by itself or any of its Users.
Pixate Ltd accepts no liability as representatives of any advertising or services offered by Users on the Website.
No advertisement or service offered on the Website constitutes any legal offer or part thereof or contract. Pixate Ltd makes no warranty or representation that the items advertised for sales via the Website are offered free of encumbrances charge or other unexpired right in the terms, or that such advertising is a statement or representation of fact.
Pixate Ltd reserves the right without notice to You, to remove any material from the Website or to suspend or alter the operation of the Website or any of the services contained therein at its sole discretion or for legal or technical reasons. Pixate Ltd will endeavour as far as possible to give You as much notice as possible and if able.
Whilst Pixate Ltd shall commit to providing You with as much accurate and truthful material as possible in the Website, You should not rely upon any such opinion or recommendation by Pixate Ltd of the goods and services available and professional advice should be sought before purchasing any item on the web site or before entering into any legally binding agreement.
Section 8: Copyright
All information incorporated within this web site is © of Pixate Ltd 2018.  Unauthorised use of Pixate Ltd trademarks, trade names and logos is prohibited.  These works are protected by the copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.
The content is also protected by trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws. We own and retain all rights in the content and the Website and the Services.
We hereby grant You a limited, revocable, non-sublicensable licence to display the content (excluding any software code) solely for Your personal, non-commercial use in connection with viewing the Website and using the services.
The Website and the Services contain content owned by Users and other licensors (“Third Party Content”). Except for content posted by You, You may not, unless specifically authorised by Us in writing, copy, modify, translate, publish, reproduce, commercially exploit, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any content appearing on or through the Website or the Services.
You must not use it for reproduction on any other Website, or in any way for commercial purposes or gain not listed below (where a separate licence is required) unless You first obtain Our written consent.
You may retrieve and display content from the Website or the Services on a computer screen, print individual pages on paper, photocopy and store such pages in electronic form on disc (but not on any server or other storage device connected to a network) for Your personal non-commercial use and You may draw the attention of others within Your organisation to material posted on Our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials You have printed off or downloaded in any way, and You must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on Our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the materials on Our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or Our licensors.
If You print off, copy or download any part of Our site in breach of these terms of use, Your right to use Our site will cease immediately and You must, at Our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials You have made.
The following systematic creation and/or use of links to this Website require a separate licence:
Utilising links to this Website received as part of a paid-for media monitoring service; and/or
Systematically forwarding links to this Website within a business or outside a business for business purposes; and/or
Copying or extracting data from this Website by means of robots, spiders, crawlers or other automatic devices or by any manual process used to systematically extract or copy web content.
Please contact the Our Webmaster webmaster@tntmagazine.com with any queries relating to copyright.
Section 9: Services
Pixate Ltd shall be entitled at any anytime to make changes to the services offered by this Website, without prior notification to the user in order to satisfy any security or statutory requirements and shall at all times determine the manner in which the services are provided.
Pixate Ltd will not be responsible for any failure to provide the services, or unavailability of the site as a result of any circumstances that are beyond its control and the user understands that all fees will still be payable in these circumstances.
From time to time We may provide additional services for You to download. However, the download time may vary considerably between the types of content and You agree that You are wholly liable and responsible for any telephone call and/or other charges incurred in downloading the same.
Section 10: Registration
You must be 18 to register on any part of this site and will be required to confirm your age when you first register.
Where any part of the Website requires that You register in order to use it, You are obliged to provide truthful, accurate and complete registration information.
You will be asked to provide your full name, email address and one, or preferably two telephone numbers when you register.
You will be asked to tick a Consent box at the point of registration. By ticking it, you are actively accepting that you have read these Terms and Conditions thoroughly, understand them, and agree to be bound by them to the full extent of the law.
It is Your responsibility to update and maintain any changes to that information (including Your email address) by altering Your details as appropriate.
Registration is at Your own risk and We will not be liable for any unauthorised transactions or communications made using Your user name or password.
You are responsible for the security and use of any user names or passwords needed to access the site or use the web site or any of the services provided by the Website. It is Your responsibility to ensure that, and You agree not to allow or assist any other person without express permission from Pixate Ltd, to access the Website, using your account or password.
Pixate Ltd will not accept any responsibility in the event another person or persons becomes a user and subsequently exhaust any credits given to You if You are placing and advertisement, without permission from You.
All Users of the Website who are required to comply with statutory law in order to trade within the United Kingdom, in particular Recruitment Agencies by using this site agree to abide by the Employment Agency and Business Act 1973 and Regulations.
At each point of data collection or registration Users are given the appropriate means to opt out of having their personal data passed on to selected third parties.
The DMA (Direct Memory Access) will not pass email addresses on to third parties for marketing purposes.
If Users do not opt out, the DMA may, in limited circumstances, share such data with carefully selected third parties who may contact Users (other than via email) regarding events, products, services, and training and education programmes that may be of interest to them.
Section 11: Contributions to myTNT / Notice Board / Chat Room
By submitting any material to Our Website, You automatically grant Us the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such material (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content. You acknowledge:
We are not involved in creating, editing or moderating, users’ contributions posts to our Forums, Notice Board, Chat Room or Talkback sections, or any pages within MyTNT. Our message boards are only a means of storing and passing on information, according to the Electronic Commerce (Directive) Regulations, and we take absolutely no legal responsibility for any content posted there.
We may remove offensive posts, without the author’s consent, if We receive a complaint that We, in our sole discretion, consider to be valid.
We may remove defamatory posts, without the author’s consent, if We receive a complaint that We, in our sole discretion, consider to be valid, in accordance with Section 5 of the Defamation Act 2013, Section 1 of the Defamation Act 1996, or Electronic Commerce (EC Directive) Regulations 2002.
With respect to 2 and 3 in this section, See our Acceptable Use Policy, below
If you believe you have been defamed by another user of our Forums, Notice Board, Chat Room or Talkback sections, or any pages within MyTNT, you should click the Report Abuse button and complete the form.
If the Report Abuse button is missing, or does not work, contact webmaster@tntmagazine.com as soon as possible.
By clicking the Report Abuse button, or emailing Us about an allegedly defamatory statement, you are following our Complaints Procedure, which is set out here.
For examples of defamatory comments, click here.
You may use a User Name in our Forums, Notice Board, Chat Room or Talkback sections, or any pages within MyTNT.
However, you accept that We may divulge Your full details – name, email address and telephone numbers - to the courts, a solicitor or any other appropriate authority, on request, if You post anything offensive, illegal or defamatory anywhere on Our site. We cannot in any way guarantee to protect Your anonymity if legal action is taken against You.
Material submitted by You may be published in any publication or Website produced or published by Pixate Ltd and/or may be supplied by Us for publication by third parties at Our discretion.
You are over 18 years of age and You are the bill payer or have the permission of the bill payer to send Us the material.
Your email address and password are personal to You and You must not allow anyone else to use them.
You must not impersonate any other user of the Website or do anything to assist an unregistered user to gain access to the Website.
That use of Your personal data by Us is subject to Our Data Protection, and Privacy Policy.
Acceptable use policy
You further agree that by submitting any material to Us, You also waive all Your moral rights in such materials and further agree not to contribute any material:
That is threatening, defamatory, intentionally offensive abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, pornographic, obscene, in breach of confidence, in breach of Privacy; or
That is discriminatory against race, religion, disability, sexual orientation or gender; or
That is in breach of any other person's intellectual Property Rights or breaches any obligation of confidentiality by which You are bound, or
For which You have not obtained all necessary licences and/or approvals; or
Which constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise be contrary to the law of or infringe the rights of any third party, in the UK; or
That is in breach of the rights of any third party; or that is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data).
That is not original to You and You grant Us a royalty-free irrevocable and perpetual licence to use, reproduce in whole or in part, modify and adapt such material and authorise others to do so in any media now known or in future developed in any part of the world.
See examples of defamatory comments
You also undertake not to:
Send, distribute or engage in multiple unsolicited emails or messages (i.e. "spasms", "flooding" or "spamming" style activities). Or
Make any commercial or business use of the Website or post any material which comprises unsolicited advertising promotional or marketing material of any kind. Or
Set up any links from the Website to any other Website. Or
Approach any other Users of the site or service to join or become members of any other commercial online or offline service or organisation is expressively prohibited.
Restrict, affect, inhibit or otherwise limit any third party's use of the service or site other than in accordance with normal operation and following these terms of use.
You understand and agree that any breach of these warranties may cause Us damage and loss and You agree to indemnify Us and keep Us at all times fully indemnified from and against all claims, costs, loss or damage incurred by Us directly or indirectly as a result of any material posted by You on the Website or any use by You of the Website, or
We reserve the right (but do not assume the obligation) without notice to remove any material which We in Our sole discretion deem to be harmful, offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms and Conditions and/or to terminate the registration of any person who We in Our sole discretion deem in breach of these Terms and Conditions. This is without prejudice to any of Our rights at law all of which are specifically reserved.
You further agree that if You knowingly send any material which is technically harmful that Pixate Ltd retains the right at its sole discretion to pursue You for all legal fees (including its own and those of any third party), damages and other expenses that may be incurred as a result of Your actions.
Section 12: Competitions
Please see Our separate Terms and Conditions for competition entries.
By entering a competition, You will be deemed to have accepted those Terms and Conditions and to agree to be bound by them.
This includes competitions that We run on Our Facebook page. We undertake that all competitions on promotions on this page confirm to Facebook guidelines:
https://www.facebook.com/page_guidelines.php
When you enter a competition through Facebook, we will gather and store your email address for the sole purpose of choosing a competition winner.
Section 13: Software and Security
We are not responsible for any technical or other issues that may arise if You download software from an external third party Website (e.g. Acrobat Reader) or upgrade Your browser software to enhance Your usage of the Website.
Section 14: Third Party Websites
This Website provides links to other websites. These links are for Your convenience only and do not signify that We endorse or undertake any responsibility for the content of or any transactions that You enter into relating to those linked sites. Use of third party websites is entirely at Your own risk and We take no responsibility for any of the content on those sites.
Section 15: Privacy, Cookies and Data Protection Policy
We are committed to respecting Your Privacy. This statement sets out how We comply with European Community data protection requirements. We are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 Z2849686.
This Privacy statement applies to this Website only – it does not cover other websites to which We may provide links.
The processing of the personal data may involve Us disclosing Your details to regulatory bodies and / or other third parties.
If You do not wish Your Personal Data to be disclosed in this manner, You should make this clear by sending an appropriately worded message: webmaster@tntmagazine.com
We want Our Privacy Policy, Data Protection and Cookies Policy to be easy to understand. Here are some Frequently Asked Questions:
Controller
Pixate Ltd is the controller and responsible, alongside you, for your personal data (collectively referred to as “Pixate Ltd”,  “TNT”,  "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice).
We have voluntarily appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, please contact the data privacy manager via email at webmaster@tntmagazine.com
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Is it possible to access the Website without disclosing personal data?
Yes. You can visit the Website without identifying Yourself or revealing any personal information. Once You choose to provide Us with any information by which You can be identified, it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Data Protection and Cookies Policy statement. You do not have to provide personal information to use the Site.
What information do We collect?
We collect the personal data that You volunteer on forms You submit to Us (for example in registering for membership services), and in emails You send to Us.
Registering via a Social Network
If You choose to register via a Social Network on Our registration page (“Social Network Registration”), You acknowledge and consent for Your data held by the Social Network site (subject to the Social Networks Terms and Conditions) to be processed and shared via a third party whom may be based outside of the European Economic Area and for such data to be processed by Us.
The only data obtained during the Social Network Registration may include:
Your name
Your email address
How we use your personal dataWe will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we anticipate that we use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Performance of a contract. To perform our contract with you, or to take any steps requested by you prior to the formation of a contract with you. If there is a contract in place with you, this is likely to be the primary legal basis for processing your personal data.
Legitimate Interest. Where it is necessary for our legitimate interest in our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both
positive and negative) and your rights before we process
your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). We have legitimate interests in complying with our legal
and professional obligations, in the case of
processing your data for marketing purposes, marketing our services to you, and in developing new systems and providing staff training and information sharing internally, to measure and improve the performance of our website in order to provide you with the best possible visitor experience in circumstances  where your personal data is appropriately protected from misuse by technical measures, policies and procedures.
In the case of subscribers to or requestors of our digital content or registrations for our events, and our clients, in establishing and maintaining a two-way enduring and mutually beneficial relationship with you and in the case of processing your data for marketing
purposes, in marketing our services including providing information about our services which are or may be of interest to you.
Compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation. Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation to our clients or third parties, for example in respect of our professional obligations to you and third parties, to our regulators, to the courts and tribunals, and to identify our clients and report any suspected money laundering
activities to the National Crime Agency.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending direct marketing communications to you via email, text message, post or social media. Once given, you have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
What do We do with the information We gather?
We require this information in order to understand Your needs and to provide You with a better service. We will also use it to send You any information You have requested – for example, Our e-Bulletin.
We may contact You for market research purposes or to give You information about new features on the Website. You will only be contacted if You have given Us authority to do so.
Do We disclose Your personal data to third parties?
We will ensure that Your personal data will not be disclosed to third parties except insofar as You have consented to such disclosure or We are required to do so by law. Your personal data may be disclosed to other companies within the Pixate Ltd Group.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out above
Current and former directors, employees, workers, consultants, and contractors in the course of their duties or otherwise in the ordinary course of our business.
Service providers acting as processors who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, HM Land Registry, Companies House, regulators (including Solicitors Regulatory Authority) and other public authorities, agencies and public registries, acting as processors or joint controllers.
Service providers, acting as processors or joint controllers, who provide identity, anti-money laundering compliance checks, and credit checks.
Witnesses, counterparties, opponents, courts and tribunals.
Couriers and process server acting as processors who provide delivery services in accordance with the terms of our contract with them and to the extent required by us to perform our contract with you.
Our insurers and insurance brokers.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
Can I see the information You hold about me? And can I amend it?
You may request details of personal information which We hold about You under the Data Protection Act 1998. If You would like a copy of the information, please write to Matt Day, Director, Pixate Ltd, Kemp House, 160 City Road, London, United Kingdom, EC1V2NX.
or email our data privacy manager via email at webmaster@tntmagazine.com
If You believe that any information We are holding on You is incorrect, please write or email Us webmaster@tntmagazine.com We will correct any information which was found to be incorrect within 28 days and without charge.
If You have agreed to the disclosure of personal information and to receiving marketing and promotional information, but no longer wish to do so, then please contact Us at webmaster@tntmagazine.com
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally, it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Is the information You hold on me secure?
We are committed to ensuring that Your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure We have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information We collect online. All employees who have access to Your personal data are contractually obliged to respect Your confidentiality. We have put in place technology measures and security policies and procedures to protect personal information from unauthorised access, improper use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction or accidental loss.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this Website and its’ owners participate on are custom to the Terms and Conditions as well as the Privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own Privacy and personal details.
This Website nor its’ owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage Users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This Website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save Your request to share a web page respectively through Your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This Website and its’ owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy urls, for example: http://tinyurl.com/dy5wbzg
Users are advised to take caution and good judgment before clicking any shortened urls published on social media platforms by this Website and its owners.
Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine urls are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this Website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
Email Newsletters
This Website operates an email newsletter programme, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by this Website.
Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion.
Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user.
The following information explains Our legal position regarding email newsletters. If You do not agree with any or all of them, You should not sign to subscribe to an email newsletter.
Subscriptions are taken in compliance with UK Spam Laws detailed in the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003.
All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
No personal details are passed on to third parties or shared with companies / people outside of the company that operates this Website.
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 You may request a copy of personal information held about You by this Website's email newsletter program. A small fee will be payable. If You would like a copy of the information held on You please write to Database & Subscriptions Manager, Pixate Ltd, Kemp House, 160 City Road, London, United Kingdom, EC1V2NX.
Email marketing campaigns published by this Website or its owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity, among other things. This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.
In compliance with UK Spam Laws and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 subscribers are given the opportunity to un-subscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign.
Our emails may contain a single, campaign-unique “web beacon pixel” to tell us whether Our emails are opened and verify any clicks through to links or advertisements within the email. We may use this information for purposes including determining which of Our emails are more interesting to Users, to query whether Users who do not open Our emails wish to continue receiving them and to inform Our advertisers in aggregate how many Users have clicked on their advertisements. The pixel will be deleted when You delete the email. If You do not wish the pixel to be downloaded to Your device, You should select to receive emails from us in plain text rather than HTML.
Some subscriptions may be manually processed. By subscribing to a newsletter, we are giving your consent to manual processing.
Cookies
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored on Your computer by Your browser. They are used for many things, such as remembering whether You have visited the site before, so that You remain logged in - or to help us work out how many new Website visitors We get each month.
They contain information about the use of Your computer but do not include personal information about You (they do not store Your name, for instance).
This policy explains how cookies are used on Our websites in general - and, below, how You can control the cookies that may be used on this site (please note that not all of them are used on every site).
You may delete and block all cookies from Our websites but if You do, some parts subsequently will not work.
About Our Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy applies to all Our websites and mobile applications.
In this Cookie Policy, when We refer to any of Our websites, We mean any Website or mobile application operated by or on behalf of Pixate Ltd. This Cookie Policy forms part of and is incorporated into these Website Terms and Conditions.
By accessing the Website, You agree that this Cookie Policy will apply whenever You access the Website on any device. We will alert You on Our websites when of changes to this policy. Your continued use of the Website constitutes Your agreement to all such changes
Below, You can find out more about the cookies We use on Our websites, as well as information on how to turn off cookies, or change the cookie settings on Your browser.
1. Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are essential in order to enable You to move around the Website and use its features.
These cookies will:
Ensure that Our Website functions correctly
Facilitate a product selection or track a sales order You have made
These Cookies will not:
Gather information that could be used for marketing
Retarget advertising to You on other websites
2. Analytic Cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information about how visitors use Our Website to help us improve the way the Website works.
These Cookies will:
Provide statistics on how Our Website has been used
Measure any errors on Our Website and support improvements and test new designs
These Cookies will not:
Gather information that could be used for marketing
Retarget advertising to You on other websites
3. Personalisation Cookies
These cookies allow Our Website to remember certain choices You have made on the Website so that when You subsequently return, We can provide You with Your personalised settings. These are also used to recommend content We think You will be interested in based on what You have looked at before
These Cookies will:
Remember Your previous choices You have made on the Website
Remember if You have previously registered with Our Website
These Cookies will not:
Gather information that could be used for marketing
Retarget advertising to You on other websites
4. Ad management cookies
Ad Management cookies collect information about Your how You have used Our Website in order to make advertising relevant to You and Your interests elsewhere on the Internet.
These Cookies will:
Remember that You have visited Our Website and will allow third party networks to use the information to display relevant advertising or other content to You on other websites.
These Cookies will not:
Gather information that could be used for marketing
Retarget advertising to You on other websites
Third party cookies
Social sharing, video and other services We offer are run by other companies. These companies may drop cookies on Your computer when You use them on Our site or if You are already logged in to them.
If you do not wish to receive third party cookies, please see the following section.
Managing Cookie Settings Through Your Browser
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but You can alter Your browser settings to prevent automatic acceptance or You can manually delete Your cookie history whenever You wish.
These links explain how You can control cookies via Your browser - remember that if You turn off cookies in Your browser then these settings apply to all websites not just this one:
Safari
IE9
Mozilla Firefox
Chrome
Bing
Section 16: Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Pixate Ltd, its subsidiaries, and affiliates, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, demand, claim or legal proceedings brought or threatened, including expenses of any character suffered or incurred arising out of Your use of the Website or the Services in violation of this agreement, and/or arising from Your use of or conduct on the Website or in use of the services and/or a breach of this agreement.
Section 17: Disclaimer
This site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and Pixate Ltd makes no express or implied warranties or representations in relation to it. This included, without limitation, any implied warranties or representations of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, availability, completeness or accuracy.
Pixate Ltd shall not take responsibility for any loss or damage arising from, or in any way connected with, Your use of the site or any information contained or derived from it (even when Pixate Ltd has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage). This includes, without limitation, any damage for loss of profits, loss of information, loss of an opportunity, wasted expenditure or any other monetary loss.
We are not involved in creating, editing or moderating users’ contributions or posts to our Forums, Notice Board, Chat Room or Talkback sections, or any pages within MyTNT. Our message boards are only a means of storing and passing on information, according to the Electronic Commerce (Directive) Regulation 2002, and We take absolutely no legal responsibility for any content posted there.
Pixate Ltd shall not take responsibility for the availability or content of any external sites or resources to which it has hyperlinks and might not endorse or approve of any material on sites linked from or to this site. Any reference made by the site to any specific or non-specific commercial product, process or service (or the provider of such) by trade name, hyperlink or trademark, does not denote any endorsement or recommendation by Pixate Ltd. The content on the site maybe provided by third parties and other Users. Any statements, services, offers, opinions and advice expressed or made available by third parties (including without limitation information providers, Users and others) are those of the respective distributor, publisher or author and may not be taken for those of Pixate Ltd.
Pixate Ltd shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from, or in any way connected with, any non-provision of all or any part of the service or site, including without limitation any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, delay in operation or transmission, defect, communication line failure, wireless application protocol (WAP) failure, mobile app (iPhone and Android apps) failure, theft or destruction or unauthorised access to, alteration of or use of record, Pixate Ltd do not make any representation that the site or its servers will remain available to You or are free from viruses or other harmful components.
Neither Pixate Ltd nor any of its employees, agents, affiliates, content or service providers shall be liable to You or to any third party for any damages, whether indirect, direct, incidental, special or consequential (including without limitation any loss of data, profit, contract, opportunity or wasted expenditure) arising out of use of the service or site or an inability to gain access to the service or site or any breach of warranty pertaining to the service or site.
Pixate Ltd shall not be held liable for any loss or damage arising from any event or act beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation, war, civil disturbance or act of God.
Newsletter
What's on, Travel News and Offers
Sign me up
TNTCompetitionsPhotosFind TNTSubscribeDigital EditionAdvertiseBuy TNT Stock ImagesNewsLondonUKWorldShowbizTravelOpinionWeirdSportLondonArts and CultureFood and RestaurantsPubs and ClubsNightlifeArea GuideInsider's LondonEntertainmentMusicFilmTVShowbizStageGames and TechTravelDestinationsLate DealsToursLondon Travel Show Deals & CompetitionsCompetitionsTNT OffersCareersWork in the UKWork AbroadExpat LifeVisaMoving to LondonMoney & TaxesAccommodationHealthInsuranceLeaving the UKShippingListings
TNT Magazine is owned and operated by Pixate Ltd - Registered office: Kemp House, 160 City Road, London, United Kingdom, EC1V 2NX - Company Registration No. 11284471
Sales: +44 (0) 208 050 4546 / Editorial: +44 (0) 208 050 4546
About Us
Advertise
Contact Us
Sitemap
Updated Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Complaints Procedure
Copyright 2020 TNT