http://www.ford.ca/help/terms/
Terms and Conditions | Ford.ca
Terms and Conditions
Ford of Canada Legal Terms and Conditions
Welcome to www.ford.ca (this "Site"). This Site is operated by Ford Motor Company of Canada, Limited ("Ford" or “Ford of Canada”) and the content on this Site is owned by Ford or its affiliated companies and by affiliates and third parties that post on this Site through a license from Ford, but for whom Ford assumes no direct responsibility. Please read these terms and conditions and the Privacy Policy as they, together with any additional terms to which you agree when using particular elements of this Site, constitute the entire agreement regarding this Site and set forth the legally binding terms governing your visit to this Site. These Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy apply to all persons who visit this Site, regardless of your level of participation.
By using this Site, you agree that you have read, understand and accept the following terms and conditions and the Privacy Policy. You agree that you will not use this Site for any purpose that is unlawful or in contravention of these terms and conditions. Ford reserves the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time without notifying you. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse shall be to cease using this Site. Continued use of this Site following the effective date of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes. Ford may cease all or part of this Site at any time without notice and is not obligated to retain or return any post or comment. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions, or the Privacy Policy, please do not use this Site or provide us with any personal information.
Canadian Site and Pricing
All materials and information contained on this Site apply to the Canadian market only. All pricing is in Canadian dollars and the vehicles described are offered for sale in Canada only. This Site in no way constitutes an offer to buy or sell vehicles from Ford of Canada. Although we make reasonable efforts to ensure the pricing and product information are correct, the information on this Site should not be used as a substitute for information that is available from an authorized Ford dealer. These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of Ontario and applicable Canadian federal laws.
Prices, product specifications and other information shown on this Site are for information purposes only, are subject to change at any time without obligation, may vary from region to region, and may not be completely up to date or accurate. MSRP is the Manufacturer Suggested Retail Price only and excludes freight, any applicable taxes such as provincial sales tax and/or GST, any industry specific taxes such as air conditioning excise tax, any applicable industry-specific fees such as title and registration, any applicable environmental charges or fees, PPSA search fee (if financed or leased) (a maximum RDPRM fee of $44 and third party service fee of $4 for Quebec, if leased), any dealer pre-delivery and/or administrative charges, any applicable consumer rebates or incentives, and the cost of any dealer added options. Any calculation of any price, tax or finance rates is for your reference only, is an estimate, and may not be completely accurate. Individual dealers set the actual transaction price. Contact your selected dealer for the actual price of any vehicle and any applicable terms and conditions.
Depiction of Vehicles
Vehicles shown on this Site are for general illustration only. Vehicles shown are typically a sample vehicle only of the same model year. U.S. images and models may be shown. Details of a selected vehicle may vary from the vehicle shown depending on the features you choose. Vehicle availability may be limited.
Disclaimer
Ford may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by such revisions and should therefore visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions from time to time. NOTE THAT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY ONLY TO THIS SITE, OTHER WEBSITES PROVIDED BY FORD OR ITS AFFILIATES MAY HAVE DIFFERENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO THE USE OF THOSE SITES. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR READING AND UNDERSTANDING THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THOSE SITES.
This Site and all the information it contains is provided for information purposes only on an "as is" basis and could include technical, typographical or other errors. In certain areas, such as the Ford.ca service area, the information provided may represent an opinion or judgment. Ford, information providers and their agents make no warranties, representations, or guarantees of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to, accuracy, currency, or completeness, the operation of this Site, the information, materials, content, availability, and products. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Ford disclaims all warranties, representations and conditions, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for a particular purpose. Ford is not responsible for the content or practices of any site linked to this Site and is not directly or indirectly implying any approval, endorsement or affiliation with any linked site. When clicking on a link to a third party site, you should read the terms and conditions and privacy policy governing such site.
You agree that use of a Ford Site is at your own risk. Ford, information providers and their agents shall not be responsible or liable for damages or losses of any kind, including direct, indirect, consequential, special, incidental or punitive damages, related to your access or inability to access a Ford Site, any computer virus originating from a Ford Site, any communication failure caused by a Ford Site, or any use of a Ford Site, or additionally, any errors, omissions, and/or defects in a Ford Site or its functionality, or for results based on reliance on the content of a Ford Site. Neither Ford, any of its information providers or their agents are providing any legal, medical, counseling, accounting or any other professional services or advice.
Third Party Information such as Comparator Values
This Site may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by Ford, including but not limited to links to websites for Ford dealers (Third Party Websites). Ford has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any Third Party Websites. In addition, Ford will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any Third Party Website. By clicking on links, you expressly relieve Ford from any and all liability arising from your use of any Third Party Website, or from the content of any Third Party Website. When using a Third Party Website, you should be aware when you leave Ford's Site and read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Website that you visit.
On certain portions of this Site, you may have the opportunity to request information or a contact from your local dealer through various shopping tools such as Search Dealer Inventory, Request a Local Quote, Trade-in Value, or Test Drive. By clicking on these links, you will proceed to a website for a Ford Dealer. Each dealership operation is a separate legal entity, independent from Ford of Canada. As such, each dealership has its own privacy practices and Ford of Canada is not responsible for these privacy practices. We recommend that you review the privacy practices of the Ford of Canada Dealer with whom you are dealing to ensure that you understand their privacy practices and procedures.
Comparator data is provided by Chrome Data Solutions, LP (“Chrome”), is not the opinion of Ford, and is provided for information purposes only. Neither Chrome nor Ford make any warranty or guarantee of any kind regarding the comparator data, including as to currency, accuracy or completeness. Configured vehicles are compared to the same series vehicle chosen without additional options. All prices, specifications and equipment are subject to change without notice.
Limited Licenses
Copyright © 2003-2013, Ford Motor Company of Canada, Limited. All rights reserved. This Site, including all materials, is protected by world wide copyright laws and treaty provisions whether or not a copyright notice is present on the materials. All text, images, graphics, animation, videos, music, sounds and other materials on this Site are subject to the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of Ford, its affiliated companies and its licensors. You agree to comply with all copyright laws worldwide in your use of this Site and to prevent any unauthorized copying of the materials. Except as expressly provided herein, Ford does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, trademarks or copyrights.
Subject to your continued compliance with these terms and conditions, Ford grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access, use, display and listen to this Site and the information, images, sounds and text ("materials") thereon. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of this Site in any way. You agree not to dispute Ford's claims of ownership or validity of its rights in the materials on this Site.
Ford authorizes you to view and download the materials at this Site only for your personal, non-commercial use. This authorization is not a transfer of title in the materials and copies of the materials and is subject to the following restrictions:
you must retain, on all copies of the materials downloaded, all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials;
you may not modify the materials in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, distribute, or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose;
you must not transfer the materials to any other person unless you give them notice of, and they agree to accept, the obligations arising under these terms and conditions of use; and
you may not tamper with or otherwise take any action that could disrupt, impair, alter or interfere with the use, features, function or operation of this Site.
All licenses granted to you in connection with this Site and the materials shall immediately terminate if you breach any of these terms and conditions, including the foregoing restrictions. Upon such termination you agree to immediately cease any use of this Site and the materials.
Trademark Notice
The Ford name, and all trademarks and logos displayed on this Site are owned or used under license in Canada by Ford. These trademarks include, but are not limited to, product brand names (e.g., Ford, Lincoln, Motorcraft), vehicle model names (e.g., Mustang, Taurus, Explorer, F-150, Focus,), slogans (e.g.,Built Ford Tough), and logos and emblems. The unauthorized use of any trademark displayed on this Site is strictly prohibited.
Changes to the Site
Ford reserves the right to change this Site, including but not limited to product specifications or prices, at any time and from time to time without notice and without incurring any obligations. Your use of this Site after any changes are posted will be subject to the modified terms and conditions.
Privacy
Any personally identifiable information you provide in connection with your use of, and interaction with, this Site shall be governed by Ford’s Privacy Policy. English: http://www.ford.ca/help/privacy/ French: http://fr.ford.ca/help/privacy/
Material Posted to this Site
You grant Ford the unrestricted and irrevocable right, subject to Ford’s Privacy Policy, to use and to grant others the right to use any material you post on this Site. You represent and warrant that such material is original to you, does not infringe the intellectual property, publicity, privacy, or other rights of any third party, is not defamatory, and does not otherwise violate any laws. Ford reserves the right to remove any material you post on this Site.
Indemnity and Hold Harmless
By using this Site you agree that you will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Ford and its subsidiaries and affiliates, their respective distributors, dealers, dealer associations and advertising and promotions agencies, together with their respective employees, agents, directors, officers and shareholders, from and against all the liabilities, claims, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of your use of this Site, your breach or alleged breach of these terms and conditions, and/or your breach or alleged violation of the patent, copyright, trademark, proprietary or other rights of third parties. Ford reserves the right to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and, in such case, you shall agree to cooperate with Ford's defence of such claim.
Proceedings
All claims, disputes or controversies (whether in contract or tort, pursuant to statute or regulation, or otherwise, and whether pre-existing, present or future) arising out of or relating to: (a) these terms and conditions; (b) this Site; (c) any advertisement or promotion relating to these terms and conditions or this Site; or (d) in respect of any legal relationship associated with or derived from these terms and conditions or the use of this Site, will be arbitrated and finally resolved pursuant to the National Arbitration Rules of the ADR Institute of Canada, Inc. The place of arbitration shall be the City of Toronto, Ontario, Canada and the language of the arbitration shall be English. To the extent the foregoing is not applicable to you, any proceeding relating to these terms and conditions or this Site shall be brought in the applicable court located in the City of Toronto and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court in connection with such proceeding.
Linking, crawling and archiving
If you would like to link to this Site, you must comply with the following guidelines:
do not incorporate any content from this Site into your site (e.g., by in-lining, framing or creating other browser or border environments around the website content). You may only link to, not replicate, the site content and the materials;
you may not use any Ford trademarks, logos, designs or service marks in your links;
you may not create the appearance of a relationship or affiliation with Ford; and
your site may not contain offensive, distasteful, illegal or inappropriate content.
If you would like to use a web crawler or other search tool to gather information from this Site, you must comply with the provisions of the robots.txt file of this Site and you may not circumvent any other security measures.
Other Conditions/Restrictions
CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT BY ANY INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEBSITE, TAMPER WITH THE SUBMISSION PROCESS, OR OTHERWISE UNDERMINE FORD’S LEGITIMATE BUSINESS OPERATIONS MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, FORD RESERVES THE RIGHT TO COOPERATE IN THE PROSECUTION OF ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL(S) AND TO PURSUE ALL REMEDIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Language
These terms and conditions are made available to you in English and in French (http://fr.ford.ca/help/terms/).
Customer Service Questions
This Site is intended as a resource and discussion forum for people interested in Ford vehicles, projects and initiatives. Unfortunately, this isn’t the place to address warranty or customer service questions or concerns or products sold by Ford. If you have a question about a Ford product, please contact Ford's Customer Relationship Center calling 1 800-565-3673 in Canada during normal business hours.
Miscellaneous
These terms and conditions together with any additional terms to which you agree when using particular elements of this Site constitute the entire agreement regarding this Site and any services, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications, whether electronic, oral or written between you and us with respect to this Site or the services provided on this Site. If a court determines that any term or condition in these terms and conditions is illegal or unenforceable, then such term will be eliminated and the remaining terms and conditions will remain in force and effect. Ford's failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these terms and conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavour to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these terms and conditions remain in full force and effect.
©2020 Ford Motor Company of Canada, Limited. All rights reserved.
close
Save
Share
Download
close Postal Code
Postal Code
close Postal Code
Type postal code then click enter
Update
close Your browser is not supported
Go Further
Your browser is not supported
Click one of the below icons to start the browser download.
Firefox
Chrome
Safari
Internet Explorer
Enter your mobile information below
@
Bell Mobility/Solo Mobile
Clearnet
Fido
Koodo
MTS
Public Mobile
Rogers Wireless
SaskTel
Telus
Virgin
Number invalid. Please try again.
Please select a carrier.
Send To Phone
Thank you.
By entering your mobile phone number, you expressly consent to receive a text message on your mobile phone. Standard messaging and data plan rates may apply.
close You are now being redirected to www.ford.ca/finance
You are now being redirected to www.ford.ca/finance
You are now being redirected to www.ford.ca/finance. Ford of Canada’s privacy policy will no longer apply. Please refer to the redirected website for its privacy policy.
Continue
Cancel
close You are now being redirected to commercialsolutions.ford.ca.
You are now being redirected to commercialsolutions.ford.ca.
You are now being redirected to commercialsolutions.ford.ca. Ford of Canada’s privacy policy will no longer apply. Please refer to the redirected website for its privacy policy.
Continue
Cancel
close You are now being redirected to accessories.ford.ca
You are now being redirected to accessories.ford.ca
You are now being redirected to accessories.ford.ca. Ford of Canada’s privacy policy will no longer apply. Please refer to the redirected website for its privacy policy.
Continue
Cancel
close You are now leaving www.ford.ca.
You are now leaving www.ford.ca.
You are now leaving Ford.ca. Ford of Canada’s privacy policy will no longer apply. Please refer to the redirected website for its privacy policy.
Continue
Cancel
close
*
*