http://www.americanwesttravel.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy on AmericanWestTravel.com
Information Collection and Use
Dated: October 1, 2014
ASA Consultants, Inc. (“ASA”), owner of the AmericanWestTravel.com website, is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. ASA collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Requesting Information
In order to request information on this website, a user must first complete the Contact Us or Request Information form.
The user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address).
This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest, or to answer specific questions.
Ordering
We request information from the user on our order forms.
Here a user must provide contact information (like name, billing, and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, CVV, and expiration date). This information is used for payment purposes and to fill customer’s orders.
If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user. The encrypted financial information goes directly to our payment affiliate, Braintree Payments. We do not store such information and have no access to it.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.
Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates.
For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to re-enter information more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.
If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We reserve the right to share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use an outside credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We reserve the right to partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for such services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys, Contests, Newsletters
From time-to-time our site may request information from users via surveys or contests or by offering a newsletter.
Participation in these activities is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).
Contact information will be used only in conjunction with our activities.
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address.
ASA will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site.
ASA
stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
The friend may contact ASA at our Customer Service to request the removal of this information from our database.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, please contact our Customer Service.
Special Offers
We send all who order or request information a welcoming email to verify password and username. We may occasionally email information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter.
Users who do not wish to receive promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or by contacting our Customer Service.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Feedback
Most Popular
Follow Us On
Search
Recently Added/Updated
New! Petrified Forest Revisited
New! Holbrook, AZ, a Route 66 Town
Elephant Seals of Piedras Blancas
Grand Canyon Rafting
The Rock Art Buff
Yellowstone NP Travel Guide
Glacier NP Travel Guide
Grand Staircase-Escalante
Scenic Byway Utah-12
Hoover Dam
Roadside Stop Series
Grand Canyon Rock Art
Travel Articles / Photos For more travel ideas, or simply for general interest, please visit our other websites:
Landscapes of the American West - Features some of our best photos.
Vegastraces.com - Rock art adventures near Las Vegas. Beautiful photography.
Copyright © 1996-2020 ASA Consultants, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Read our Privacy Policy, Disclaimer, Sales Terms, Return Policy, and Conditions.