http://www.woodenboat.com/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Store
School
Show
Forum
Login
Terms & Conditions
Please review the following terms and conditions carefully before using this web site.
This agreement (the “terms of use”) is a legally binding contract between you and WoodenBoat Publications, Inc., its divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively hereinafter “WoodenBoat”) regarding your use of our web site. By using our site, you agree to these terms of use. If you don’t agree to these terms and conditions, you aren’t authorized to use our site.
WoodenBoat reserves the right to change these terms of use and our services from time to time at our sole discretion by posting the revised terms and conditions on our site. By continuing to use our site after the changes are made, you acknowledge the changes and agree to follow and be bound by the modified terms of use. Our site provides lots of information about wooden boat building. In addition, we have an online forum, information about our WoodenBoat school, a classified ads section, and an online store. The forum, the classified ads, and purchases through the online store or school, are only for use by people who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law — meaning that they aren't available to minors or to people we have temporarily or indefinitely suspended from using our site.
The Forum
Once you register to use our forum, we will email you with a personal password. Don’t let anyone else use your password (you never know what they’ll say). You, alone, are responsible for all activities that occur under your password and for making sure that you log-off at the end of each password-restricted session of use. If someone else does use your password to access our site, or you know of or suspect any other breach of security, you must notify us at once. See, also, Your Conduct below.
The Classified Ads and the Store
All the information appearing in the classified ads is provided by users like you — WoodenBoat is not responsible for the content, completeness, or accuracy of this information. We are also not responsible for typographical or other errors or omissions regarding prices or other information; we are not a party to sales made through the classified ads.
Promotional offers, prices listed on our store, and classes listed for our school, are all for a limited time or as specified, and are subject to change without prior notice.
Information provided in the classified ads is “AS IS”; WOODENBOAT MAKES NO WARRANTY AS TO THE TRUTH, ACCURACY, OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED AND IS NOT LIABLE FOR AN DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF THE INFORMATION IN THE ADS OR FROM USE OF ANY MERCHANDISE PURCHASED FROM OUR STORE. WOODENBOAT EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Your Conduct
Ok, here is the really technical part: if you use our site, you agree not to:
upload, transmit, post, email or otherwise make available to the site, any content or other material in any format that:(i) is false, inaccurate, misleading, fraudulent, unlawful (including, but not limited to, laws governing consumer protection, unfair competition, antidiscrimination, or false advertising), harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, invasive of another’s privacy, libelous and/or otherwise objectionable;(ii) violates or infringes the rights of others, including, but not limited to, any third party’s intellectual property, whether a copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary right, or rights of publicity or privacy; or(iii) contains viruses, worms, Trojan horses, time bombs, cancelbots, easter eggs, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs designed to interrupt, interfere, intercept, expropriate, destroy or limit the functionality of any data, personal information, computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
alter, remove, or falsify any attributions or other proprietary designations of origin or source of any other content appearing on the site or contained in a file that is uploaded to the site;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a WoodenBoat official or another WoodenBoat site user, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
attempt, through any means, to gain unauthorized access to the site, or another user’s account on the site;
interfere in any way with the use and enjoyment of the interactive area of any other user;
post or transmit any information which is a commercial, advertising, promotional or marketing in purpose (except in WoodenBoat’s classified ads);
use any robot, scraper, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy any information or content contained on the site without our prior express written permission. Systematic retrieval of data or other content from this site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory without our written permission is prohibited;
take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the site’s infrastructure;
create liability for WoodenBoat or cause WoodenBoat to lose (in whole or in part) the services of its ISPs or other suppliers;
take any action or consummate any transaction that was initiated using the site that, by paying to WoodenBoat a fee or other consideration, would cause WoodenBoat to violate any applicable U.S.A. or other country’s law, statute, ordinance or regulation, or that violate these terms of use, the rules for our forum, or our Privacy Policy.
The use of any device, software or routine that interferes or attempts to interfere with the proper working of the site is expressly prohibited. You may not disclose or share your password with any third party or use your password for any unauthorized purpose. In any case, you remain solely responsible for any authorized or unauthorized use of your password.
If you use our WoodenBoat Forum, and/or any of our sites, you are also subject to these rules. If you violate any of these conditions, we can remove your posts and change, block, lock, or close your account without notice.
Posting copyrighted content without the permission of the copyright owner is not permitted. If copyrighted content is posted without permission, the copyright owner may contact us about the potential infringement, and request removal. Click “DMCA” (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) for information on getting in touch with the our DMCA Designated Agent to make a formal complaint. You can also find the Designated Agent in the Designated Agent Registry of the US Copyright Office.
THIS POLICY IS INTENDED TO COMPLY FULLY WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE ONLINE COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT LIABILITY LIMITATION ACT.
Proprietary Rights Restrictions
All material on the site, including, without limitation, all informational text, design of and “look and feel,” layout, photographs, graphics, audio, video, messages, interactive messaging design and functions, files, documents, images or other materials on our site (collectively, the “materials”), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, as well as all derivative works, are owned by WoodenBoat or other parties that have licensed their material to WoodenBoat, and are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws.
WoodenBoat disclaims any proprietary interest in trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans, domain names and trade names other than its own. Trademarks, logos, images and service marks displayed on the site are the property of either WoodenBoat or other third parties. You agree not to display or use such marks without WoodenBoat’s prior written permission.
The materials on the site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, including by e-mail or other electronic means. Any modification of the materials, use of the materials on any web site or networked computer environment, or use of the materials for any purpose other than personal, non-commercial use is a violation of the copyright, trademark, and other proprietary rights in the materials and is expressly prohibited.
All rights not expressly granted herein by WoodenBoat to you are reserved by WoodenBoat and/or its licensors. WoodenBoat alone shall own all right, title, and interest, including all related intellectual property rights, to any suggestions, ideas, feedback, recommendations, forum posts, or other information provided by you relating to the site and/or the service (“submissions”), and you agree to assign such submissions to WoodenBoat free of charge. WoodenBoat may use or not use such submissions as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our site contains links to other people’s web sites. These links are meant to help you — we don’t get paid to have these links on our site, nor do we control the linked sites in any way. WoodenBoat doesn’t endorse, adopt or take any responsibility for the content or privacy practices of any linked site and WoodenBoat disclaims any and all liability or warranties implied by use of such linked sites. WoodenBoat also reserves the right to refuse any request for a link to a third-party web site and to remove any link for any reason. If you decide to access any of the linked web sites, you do so entirely at your own risk.
WoodenBoat Privacy Policy
WoodenBoat is dedicated to providing a safe and secure environment for our users. For more information, please see our full Privacy Policy.
You should give any notices to WoodenBoat, by postal mail to:Website AdministratorWoodenBoat Publications, Inc.P.O. Box 7841 WoodenBoat LaneBrooklin, Maine 04616 USA
We will send you notices by email using the email address you provide during the registration process. If you have any questions or comments about these terms of use, please contact the Web Administrator at the address above.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF USE, UNDERSTAND THEM, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEIR TERMS AND CONDITIONS.