http://www.adog.co.uk/privacy.html
a Dog
Privacy Policy, Advertising and Cookies
aDog.co.uk is an independent website promoting good pet welfare and care and pet friendly holidays with
dog(s).
This web site does not collect any private data when you visit our web pages however we do carry advertising for a number of companies including Google, Amazon, Tradedoubler and others. These companies use different tracking technology to ensure that their clients can record who has shown an interest in their advertisements and also to enable payment to us. We have no access to this information and if you make a booking, reservation or purchase then all personal information relating to that action is kept confidential between you and the relevant company.
Images: all images on this website are copyright. If pictures have been taken by the webmaster / domain owner then you may use these images on a blog or social media as long as you provide attribution and a web link to this website. The licence we use is a Creative Commons 4.0 licence.
External Content
Where we link to other websites
we take no responsibility
for the content of these external websites. We do try and ensure all our content is family friendly.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are used to record certain actions by people who visit this website and click on an advert or promotional link. This allows the actions of the visitor to be recorded for a specific time and enables correct credit for advertising carried out on the website. The owner of this website does not use any form of cookies to record your visit to this site and has no access to information recorded by third party advertising cookies as used by Google, Amazon or other affiliate or advertising partners. We hope you will appreciate that website need to generate income and continue to allow cookies to be used when you browse this website.
Online Shopping
We promote books, music and shopping with Amazon as they provide over a million products.
You pay the same as if buying direct from Amazon.
The webmaster is a participant in the Amazon Europe S.à r.l. Associates Programme, an
affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn
advertising fees by advertising and linking to
Amazon.co.uk Amazon.de Amazon.fr Amazon.it - We also belong to Amazon.com Amazon.ca and other Amazon affiliate advertising programme's for the same purpose.
a Dog