http://www.ibcabbq.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
International BBQ Cookers Association (IBCA) welcomes you to ibcabbq.org. IBCA (“We,” “us” or “our”) is the owner of this Website (the “Website”). We can be contacted by mail at 11807 Westheimer Road, Suite 550 PMB 827, Houston, Texas 77077 or by email at info@ibcabbq.org. IBCA respects your privacy and works diligently to safeguard the privacy of your personal data and school data. We realize that to many, the Internet raises questions concerning the use and confidentiality of information collected about consumers.” We want you to know that we will constantly apply our commitment to safeguarding your privacy with our Internet activities. This online privacy notice (the “Privacy Policy”) discloses our information practices for this Website, including what type of personal identifiable information is requested by us, how the information is used and with whom the information is shared. Please note that links on the Website to other websites, who may be vendors or other affiliates of IBCA, may be governed by privacy policies containing different information practices applicable to those sites.
PERSONAL INFORMATION International BBQ Cookers Association (IBCA) does not share, disclose or sell any personal information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) collected online on the Website with other unaffiliated companies or organizations for non-IBCA purposes. Because your information is a critical part of our business, this would be treated like our other assets in the context of a sale, merger or other corporate reorganization or legal proceeding.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION In order to access services and/or certain areas within the Website, or, for example, when you register for an event or products from our online store, we will request you to provide certain personal information, which may include your name, postal address, email address, telephone number(s), and if applicable, a credit card number. Furthermore, we may request certain additional information necessary for account purposes.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION Without your prior consent, IBCA will not use your personal identifiable information for any purpose other than for which it is submitted. We use the personal information we collect and you provided to us principally to provide you with the services(s) you have ordered, to let you know about other offerings which may be of interest to you, to reply to customer inquiries, handle complaints, internal record keeping, bill processing and the processing of business requests related to you.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION We may release personal information to appropriate governmental authorities where release is required by law. For example, if a subpoena, regulation or other legal demand is issued by a government agency conducting investigations or proceedings, we will comply and disclose information. Also, if we believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against individuals who may be endangering public safety or interfering with our property or services, or with our customers or others use of them, we will comply and disclose information as well.
NO TRACKING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION The Website is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information not entered by visitors. Our site logs do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data (herein below), such as the number of hits and visits to the Website. This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to better our website for your usage.
COLLECTION OF NON-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION IBCA may collect non-identifiable information from user visits to the Website in order to provide better customer service to you. Examples of this type of collection include: traffic analysis, such as tracking numbers of visitors; measuring visitor activity on the Website; Website and system administration; user analysis, etc. Such information is sometimes known as “click stream data.”  IBCA may use this data to analyze trends and statistics to update our Website and to make it more user-friendly.
ON-LINE PRIVACY If you participate in commenting on our blog, or post messages to our social media page, you should be aware that the information disclosed and shared will be available for anyone to see, both inside of and/or outside of IBCA, who have access to these forums. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. We ask that you be careful and responsible whenever you are online. In addition, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Please also note that a participant’s expressed opinion is his or her own and should not be considered as reflecting the opinion of IBCA.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT IBCA does not sell products or services for purchase by children, and will not collect or post information from a child under the age of fourteen (14) without the involvement of a parent or guardian. IBCA will notify the child’s parent or guardian at the email address provided by the prospective customer, alerting the parent or guardian to the child’s use of the Website and providing instructions as to how the parent or guardian can delete the child’s registration from the Website. IBCA does not use personal identifying information collected from children for marketing or promotional purposes and does not disclose such information to any third party for any purpose whatsoever.
CUSTOMER / INFORMATION SECURITY It is the intention of IBCA to protect the personal information of our customers and to maintain information quality. To achieve this, we use encryption, firewalls, security socket layers (SSL) and other technology and security procedures to help protect the accuracy and security of your personal information and prevent unauthorized access or improper use. As an example, you will note that while using some features of our Website and online services, you will need to submit a password or some other type of authenticating information. We will exercise all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of customer personal information. However, transmissions protected by industry standard security technology and implemented by human beings cannot be made 100% secure. Therefore, IBCA will not be liable for unauthorized disclosure of personal information due to no fault of ours, including, but not limited to, errors in transmission and unauthorized acts of our staff, employees, subcontractors, etc. We strongly suggest that in the event information such as your credit card or password is lost or stolen, then you should quickly notify us in order to enable us to cancel the lost or stolen information and to update our records with a changed credit card and/or password.
CREDIT CARD INFORMATION Keeping your personal financial information private is vitally important to us. As with all personal information, we will never rent or sell your personal financial information. Any time you are asked for a credit card number in order to complete a payment transaction or for verification purposes, that credit card number will be transferred in an encrypted format. When a customer makes a payment, the information is sent to an outside authorization service for processing. This process is outside of the Website and is used for security purposes. Depending on your requested action, this service is performed on the secure servers of Pay Pal or Stripe, which have their own privacy policy statements.  We suggest you read the Pay Pal and Stripe privacy policies when using our online payment services.
OPT-OUT RIGHTS You have the right at any time to cease permitting us to collect your personal information.
You can exercise this right of termination by contacting us at info@ibcabbq.com. After processing your termination request, we will delete your information from our database. However, please note that if the termination request is related to a trip cancellation, we may need to retain certain information as it relates to any issues or disputes with respect to your purchase, any cancellation fees or for charge backs.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES This Privacy Policy was written in August, 2020. We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time.
YOUR ACCESS TO INFORMATION At any time, you may review or update the available personal information that we received from you by contacting us at our email address, info@ibcabbq.org. Please note that in order to better protect you and safeguard your information, we will take multiple steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information. For questions regarding this policy, contact us by email at info@ibcabbq.org.
IBCA COVID-19 Guidelines