https://www.elimarpigeons.com/auctions/section/privacy-policy/6
Elimar Pigeons Services - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is for this website
www.elimarpigeons.com/auctions and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
Elimar Pigeon Services are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
In this policy, "Data Protection Legislation" means the Data Protection Act 1988 as superseded by General Data Protection Regulation, EU 2016/679 ("GPDR") or any successor legislation to the GDPR.
Legitimate interests
Under the GDPR, we have a number of lawful reasons that we can use (or 'process') your personal information. One of the lawful reasons is called 'legitimate interests'.
Broadly speaking Legitimate interests means that we can process your personal information if  we have a genuine and legitimate reason and we are not harming any of your rights and interests. So, what does this mean? When you provide your personal details to us we use your information for our legitimate business interests to operate our auction sales business. Before doing this, though, we will also carefully consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights. Some typical examples of when we might use the approach are for preventing fraud, maintaining the security of our system, enhancing, modifying or improving our services, and identifying usage trends.
Our interests
The following are some examples of when and why we would use this approach:
Direct Marketing: We will send emails to you to communicate services which may be of interest to you.
Collecting and processing your contact information such as name, address, email address and telephone number on our website or in person to enable us to contact you.
Your best interest: Processing your information to protect you against fraud when transacting on our website, and to ensure our websites and systems are secure.
Personalisation: Where the processing enables us to enhance, modify, personalise or otherwise improve our services/communications.
We will also hold information about you so that we can respect your preferences for being contacted by us.
When we process your personal information for our legitimate interests, we will consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection and any other relevant law. Our legitimate business interests do not automatically override your interests — we will not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). Remember, you can change the way you hear from us or withdraw your permission for us to process your personal details at any time by contacting us.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in our application forms on our website
www.elimarpigeons.com via telephone, email or other online forms, providing the required identification such as name, address, email address, preferences and interests and financial information and providing required supporting documentation. This includes information provided at the time of applying to engage our services, posting material or requesting further services. Examples of these will include:
We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion run or sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
We may retain details of transactions you carry out through our site and of fulfilment of your orders.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, web logs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
If you post or contribute anything to any parts of our site permitting uses to post or contribute publicly available content to our social media accounts we may collect, process and publish data relating to such.
IP addresses and cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to third parties. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general Internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. Some of the cookies we use are essential for the site to operate. They enable us:
To recognise you when you return to our site.
To provide specialist services e.g. queuing system
If you register with us or if you continue to use our site, you agree to our use of cookies.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you will be stored in the UK. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with Privacy Legislation, this privacy policy and our data protection regime.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers or we may use third parties to store our data but we require all such third parties to treat data in accordance with this privacy policy and our data protection regime. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. Uses made of the information will include:
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To take, fulfil and communicate about your orders.
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To improve our products and services.
For internal record keeping to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so. To notify you about changes to our service.
From time to time, we may use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
We may use the information to customise the website or our contact with you according to your interests.
To the extent you have expressly consented for us to do so, we may also use your data, to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we may contact you about these by email. We may use and publicly share data (e.g. on social media sites such as Instagram) for promotional purposes.
We will only contact you by electronic means e-mail or SMS with information about additional services similar to those which you have previously requested to the extent you have consented for us to do so.
Security
We are committed to ensure that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 736 of the UK Companies Act 1985 and to couriers and shipping companies for the purpose of fulfilling your orders. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties in the limited circumstances where:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Retention period
We hold your personal information for the term of transactions with you and for the statutory periods required by tax and other governmental authorities.
Your rights
We will obtain your prior consent (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for marketing purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to withhold your consent to such processing. You can also revoke the consent at any time for use of your personal data by us for any purpose by contacting us at
elimar908@btinternet.com, by post, phone, or by email. Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. The Data Protection Legislation gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Data Protection Legislation.
If at any time you believe the information we process on you is incorrect, you may request to see this information and request to have it corrected or deleted.
Data handling complaints
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact us, and we will investigate the matter. If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the Data Protection Legislation, you complain to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) at
www.ico.org.uk.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on our website and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be emailed to
elimar908@btinternet.com.
This policy was updated on 23rd May 2018
Our website uses cookies. By continuing, you consent to the use of cookies on your device, unless you have disabled them from your browser.
I Understand