https://www.onthewater.com/contact/privacy-policy
Search this website:
Enter
On The Water Privacy Policy:
We have created this e-mail privacy policy to demonstrate our
commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Why did you receive an e-mail from us?
If you received a mailing from us, either (a) you are listed with us
as someone who has expressly shared your e-mail address for the purpose
of receiving information in the future (opt-in), or (b) you have
purchased from us or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We
respect your time by limiting the frequency of our mailings.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell or rent your personal information without
your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information
submitted to us is only available to employees managing this
information for purposes of contacting you or sending you e-mails based
on your request for information and to contracted service providers for
purposes of providing services related to our communications with you.
We don’t know why you would, but if you want to stop receiving e-mail from us:
Each e-mail sent contains an easy, automated way for you to let us know
you no longer want e-mail from us, or to change your expressed
interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the
end of any e-mail.
If you have received e-mail that claims to be sent
from us and was not please forward a copy of that e-mail with your
comments to: feedback@onthewater.com.
On The Water Return Policy:
In order for your item to be considered
for replacement, it must have
been purchased within 30 days and must
meet one of the following
criteria:
• 	We sent you the wrong product.
• 	The product you received is defective.
Should you feel you meet the criteria to make an exchange, please
contact our customer service department at 800-614-3000. We want
shopping with On The Water to be a pleasant experience, which is why
replacements are made on a case by case basis. We will replace your item
once we have received the return.
Reports
All Reports
Cape Cod and Buzzards Bay
Connecticut
Massachusetts
New Jersey — Northern
New Hampshire, Maine and Vermont
New York – Long Island
New York – Upstate
New Jersey — Southern
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
Saltwater
Freshwater
Boating
Surfcasting
Gear
Cooking
Magazine
TV
Shop
Striper Cup
Search this website:
Enter