http://www.chateauchantal.com/privacy-policy/
GO
COVID-19 Alert & Policies
Virtual Events
B&B: Book Now
Shop
Club
Visit
Bed & Breakfast
Rates, Policies & Discounts
Michigan B&B Packages and Specials
Recipes
Winery & Tasting Room
Visitor Information
Founders' Trail
About Our Wines/Tech Sheets
Wine Club
Event Calendar
Connect
About Us
Investors
Contact Us
Where to Buy
Technical Wine Data Sheets
Newsletter Sign Up
Gallery
Chateau Chantal Photo Contest
Live 9&10 Weather Cam
Industry Page
Experiences
Wine Dinners & Reservations
Host an Event
Weddings
Corporate Meetings and Small Groups
Cooking Classes
Summary
Chateau Chantal Winery is committed to preserving the privacy of the users of this Web Site (the "Site";). We will not sell your personal information to other companies. Whether you receive email from us is your choice; let us know at any time if you do not want to get email from us and we will no longer send it to you.
If you have questions about our policy, please ask. You can find details on how to contact us in the "Contact" section. If you apply for a position we will ask for personal information in order to assist in our hiring decisions. We will not sell the information you provide to anyone. Nothing contained in this Site constitutes an offer of employment.
Cookies
Like many other web sites, we may use "cookies" in some portions of the Site. The cookies we create will not extract any information from your computer. For more details on our Privacy Policy, please see the text below.
Privacy Policy for Chateau Chantal Winery
Your identifying information is collected whenever you submit such information to the Site (for example, when applying for a position). Information collected from you includes without limitation your full name, e-mail address, position applied for, ethnic information (if applicable), cover letter (if applicable), and resume. This information is used by us for human resource purposes and to track and verify compliance with applicable laws, agreements and policies. This information may be shared with third parties, such as promotion partners and consultants for these purposes only. Under some circumstances, information may also be disclosed to third parties such as governmental agencies for law enforcement and compliance purposes, and when appropriate, to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with ours, or others', rights or property. You can request correction of inaccuracies in the information by contacting the appropriate person indicated on the Site.
As do most major web sites, this Site uses cookies and may use other automated information collection means. Cookies are information about you from the Site that is stored on your hard drive. Cookies save you time because you do not need to reenter manually the information stored on your hard drive. Cookies also help us upgrade the Site by showing when and how users utilize the Site.
By submitting personal information, you are agreeing that we may communicate with you via email, facsimile, telephone or other means regarding the Site, your use of it, and your interest in employment with Chateau Chantal Winery.
The Site may also use IP addresses for the above purposes, and to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
The Site uses reasonable security procedures to maintain the confidentiality of information. However, because the Internet is a public and open facility, no security measures can guarantee complete confidentiality under all circumstances. To help preserve your confidentiality, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user name and password. This privacy policy statement does not create any contractual or legal rights on your behalf.
Email Signup
Send
15900 Rue de Vin
Traverse City, MI   49686
(231) 223-4110
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Tasting Room Hours
Open Daily: 11am - 5pm
Closed:
Monday, Nov. 30 - Friday, Dec. 4
Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day, New Year's Day & Easter Sunday
Copyright 2020, Chateau Chantal. All Rights Reserved.