http://www.newpet.com/privacy
Home
Photos
Pet Stories
Care Tips
Pet Names
Offers
× CLOSE
Home
Photos
Pet Stories
Care Tips
Pet Names
Offers
MENU
Privacy Policy Statement
For each visitor to our site, our web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and email address (where possible).
We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, and member supplied information.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our pages, used to notify consumers about updates to our web site, shared with agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website. New Pet does not share or provide personally identifiable information to third parties, unless the member has explicitly authorized us to share their information. A user may change or revoke such authorization at any time by submitting an opt-out request.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, customize web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by writing to us at the address below, or by sending an opt-out request when you receive an email from us.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive sensitive data, we redirect visitors to a password protected secure server (via SSL). Our hosting vendor has security measures in place in their physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
To contact us, our postal address is:
NewPet.com
Dialogue Company, Inc.
106 Straube Center Blvd.
Pennington, NJ 08534
We can be reached via email at privacy@newpet.com.
© 2020 NewPet.com - Dialogue Company, Inc.
-  Privacy  -  Contact