https://www.campresource.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Last updated: October 15, 2020
CampResource.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for CampResource.com.
IP Address
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Use of Cookies
Our site uses cookies to personalize this site for your enjoyment. If you wish for cookies not to be delivered, set your browser to "no longer accept cookies." Should you opt for this, you understand that the full services of CampResource.com may not be available to you.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyze how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
You can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Please note that this website initializes Google Analytics with the setting anonymizeIp. This guarantees anonymized data collection by masking the last part of your IP address.
More information about Google Analytics’ terms and conditions of use.
Information Provided by You
Camp Owners
As a camp owner or authorized agent wishing to list your camp information on CampResource.com, we require that you provide us with the necessary information that will be used to identify yourself, your camp on our system and to others using the website. This information includes, but is not limited to name, address, telephone number, email address. Occasionally we may need to contact you via email and, only if that fails, we will attempt to contact you either by the address or phone number you provide.
Visitors
In the case of visitors requesting information from camps, we require that you provide information so that camps may deliver the information you may request.
Occasionally, CampResource.com makes available to its participants information it feels may be of interest. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Third-Party Websites
This site contains links to other sites. CampResource.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Public Forums
This site makes the information you provide for camp listings available to its users. This includes any contact information you provided upon initial registration. If you do not wish to have this information exchanged of available publicly, contact CampResource.com at info@campresource.com.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Children's Guideline
CampResource.com DOES NOT collect information from those under the age of 13. We cannot, however, be responsible for those individuals under the age of 13 from falsely providing information that would make them appear to be over the age of 13. In addition, we do:
NOT collect online contact information without prior parental consent or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Without prior parental consent, online information will only be used to respond directly to the child's request and will not be used for other purposes without prior parental consent;
NOT collect personally identifiable offline contact information without prior parental consent;
NOT distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information with out prior parental consent;
NOT give the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent;
NOT entice by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
Cancellation of Listing
- You may send an email to info@campresource.com requesting that your listing be removed from the CampResource.com directory.
Removal from CampResource.com Mailings
- You update your email messaging preferences in your Listing Manager or may send a request for removal from mailing list to info@campresource.com
Correct/Update
This site gives Listing Administrators several options for changing and modifying information previously provided. To access your account page, click on the "Camp Listing Manager" link at the top of any page.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you may contact CampResource.com at 1-215-860-3515 or info@campresource.com.
Back to Top