http://www.thamesluxurycharters.co.uk/company/privacy-policy/
Enquire
Home
Charters
Corporate
Meeting Venues
Meeting & Conference Cruises
Static Meeting Venues
Liveries, Associations & Alumni
Company Events
Company Party
Summer Party
Christmas Party
Company Anniversary Party
Filming & PR Events
Filming on the River Thames
Product Launches & PR Events
Personal
Parties & Milestones
Party Boat
Birthday Party
Anniversary Party
Seasonal
Christmas Celebrations
New Year's Eve Dinner & Fireworks
Thames Boat Hire
Weddings
Wedding Reception
Engagement Party
Create Your Own Event
Let your imagination run wild as you bring to life a completely bespoke event aboard your very own luxury vessel on the Thames.
Fleet
View Details
Dixie Queen
Max capacity up to 620 guests
Fine dining up to 432 guests
View Details
Elizabethan
Max capacity up to 235 guests
Fine dining up to 140 guests
View Details
Edwardian
Max capacity up to 90 guests
Fine dining up to 60 guests
View Details
Equity
Max capacity up to 6 guests
Your Event
Viewings & Tastings
3D Tours
Pier Information
Menus & Drinks
Entertainment & Styling
Branding Opportunities
Booking Procedure
FAQ
About TLC
Our History
Meet the Team
Careers & Jobs
Friends of TLC
Environment & Sustainability
News
How To Find Us
Reviews & Testimonials
Contact
THAMES LUXURY CHARTERSPRIVACY POLICYIntroductionWe protect your personal data in line with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The GDPR requires data controllers such as ourselves to document our lawful basis for processing personal data. It also gives you rights over how your data is processed. This privacy policy documents the data we collect, why and how we process it, and how to exercise your rights.Data controllerThe data controller responsible for this website is Thames Luxury Charters Limited, who can be contacted at Knot House, 2-7 Brewery Square, London, SE1 2LF. This website contains links to third-party websites, which have their own data controllers and privacy policies. This privacy policy applies only to this website.Lawful basis for processingFor each method by which we collect personal data, this privacy policy documents our lawful basis for processing the data. Where we rely on your consent to process your data, we explain how you can withdraw your consent and delete your data.Individual rights The GDPR gives you rights over how your personal data is processed. You can exercise your rights by contacting us. In some cases you can also exercise your rights through automated systems, as described at the relevant points in this privacy policy. Security The GDPR requires us to implement appropriate technical measures to protect data. We verify the identity of any individual who requests access to data before granting access. We use Transport Layer Security (TLS, also known as SSL) to encrypt any data you supply to us through our website. Additional technical measures are described at the relevant points in this privacy policy. Disclosures In addition to any sharing of data described elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose data for legal reasons. If we suspect criminal activity we may disclose data relating to those involved or affected to the appropriate authorities. We may also be obliged to disclose data if we receive a request from an appropriate authority. Changes to this privacy policyWe may occasionally make changes to this privacy policy. Following any changes, the date at the top of this privacy policy will be updated. If any change allows for wider access to data, such changes will only apply to data collected after the date of the updated privacy policy. Cookies Cookies are small pieces of text that are stored by your browser. Each cookie has a name and is associated with a particular site. When your browser sends a request to a site (for example, to download a page, image, or video), the computer that responds (known as a server) may tell your browser to set one or more cookies. When your browser makes further requests to the same site it sends the cookies back to the server. This allows the server to remember you as you browse the site. Necessary CookiesNecessary cookies enable core functionality such as page navigation and access to secure areas. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.Managing cookies You can block all cookies through your browser settings (see the instructions for Chrome, Firefox, Safari and Edge), but if you choose to do so some features on our site will no longer work.MarketingWe use marketing cookies to help us improve the relevancy of advertising campaigns you receive.Google Analytics cookies These cookies are used by Google Analytics to track visitor interaction with our site in order to produce statistical reports for us. These cookies are created when you first view our site. For more information, see the Google Analytics section below. Data collected when you contact us CommentsWhen you submit an enquiry through our ‘request a quote’ form, via the form on our contact us page or the chatbot tool on our website we collect your name, e-mail address, requirements and comments so we can provide you with the requested information. Lawful basis for processing: Consent given by data subject Why? You have given your consent submitting your enquiry Data collected by third parties on our behalf 7dots (Adina Seven Limited)Our site is hosted by Adina Seven Limited T/A 7dots (registered company number 06139437 in England and Wales). 7dots log all requests in order determine the causes of reported faults and to detect and block suspicious traffic. The log records the time of the request, your IP address, the requested resource, the referring site (if specified by your browser), and your browser’s user agent string (which will usually include the name and version of your browser and operating system). Log files are deleted after ninety days. Lawful basis for processing: Compliance with a legal obligation Why? To comply with the GDPR obligation to implement appropriate technical measures to protect data Merkle Periscopix (Persicopix Limited)Our Google Ads digital marketing is managed by Periscopix Limied (Periscopix registered company No. 05134352 in England and Wales). We use Google Analytics to track visitor interaction with our site in order to produce statistical reports. Google collects details of the pages you view and the time you viewed them, the features of your browser, and your IP address. We have enabled IP anonymisation so that Google will not store your complete IP address. For more information on how Google handles the data it collects, see Google’s privacy policy.To opt out of Google Analytics tracking on our site, see the Google Analytics section of our cookie policy above. To opt out of Google Analytics tracking on all websites, use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. We use Google’s remarketing or similar audiences tools to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet and use cookies and/or device identifiers to serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website. For information about how visitors can opt out of Google's use of cookies or device identifiers, visit the Google's Ads Settings. An appropriate description of how you're using remarketing or similar audiences to advertise online.Lawful basis for processing: Pursuance of our legitimate interests Why? To allow us to analyse how visitors interaction with our site in order to improve our site and our services.Last modified 22 July 2019
Find out why it's wonderful on water
Copyright ©2020 Thames Luxury Charters Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyNathalie Crouch Photography