https://www.jagermeister.com/en/legal/privacy-policy
JägermeisterMEISTERSTÜCKE#SAVETHENIGHTProductsDrinksMUSICContactINT • EnglishGlobal Website Facebook linkInstagram linkGlobal Website Connect
Legal
ImprintPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsData Privacy Statement
We appreciate your interest in our company. Data privacy is of particular importance to the Management Board of MJSE.
The use of the web pages of MJSE is possible without any indication of personal data. However, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary.
If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, email address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to MJSE. By means of this Data Privacy Statement, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this Data Privacy Statement, of the rights to which they are entitled.
As the controller, MJSE has implemented numerous technical and organisational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection cannot be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone.
1.
Definitions of terms
The Data Privacy Statement of MJSE is based on terms used by the EU legislature in the adoption the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our Data Privacy Statement is intended to be easily readable and understandable to the public as well as to our customers and business partners. In order to ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
We use the following terms, among others, in this Data Privacy Statement:
a) personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter referred to as a "data subject").
An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
b) data subject
A data subject means any identified or identifiable natural person whose personal data is processed by the controller.
c) processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed upon personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, alignment or combination, restriction of processing, erasure or destruction.
d) restriction of processing
Restriction of processing means the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
e) controller
The controller means the competent authority which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.
f) processor
The processor means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
g) recipient
A recipient means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may potentially receive personal data within the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients.
h) third party
A third party means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
i) consent
Consent of the data subject means any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
2.
Name and address of the data controller
The data controller pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation, other data protection laws applicable in the Member States of the European Union and other data protection provisions is:
Mast-Jägermeister SE
Jägermeisterstraße 7-15
38296 Wolfenbüttel
Germany
Tel.: (0049) 05331810
Email: info@jaegermeister.de
Website: www.jagermeister.com
3.
Name and address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the data controller is:
Data Protection Officer Christian Bisler
Mast-Jägermeister SE
Jägermeisterstraße 7-15
38296 Wolfenbüttel
Germany
Tel.: +49 (0)5331 81266
Email: christian.bisler@jaegermeister.de
Website: www.jagermeister.com
Any data subject can contact our Data Protection Officer directly with questions and suggestions at any time.
4.
Cookies
The web pages of MJSE use cookies. Cookies are text files that are placed and stored on a computer system via a web browser.
Many websites and services use cookies. Many cookies contain what is known as a cookie ID. A cookie ID is a clear and unique identifier of the cookie.
It consists of a string which makes it possible to assign web pages and servers to their specific web browser in which the cookie was stored.
This allows the visited websites and servers to distinguish an individual web browser from other web browsers that contain other cookies. A specific web browser can be recognised and identified using the unique cookie ID.
Through the use of cookies, MJSE can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.
By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimised with the user in mind Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognise the users of our website. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilise our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in the online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the web browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs. This is possible with all popular web browsers. If the data subject deactivates the placement of cookies in the web browser being used then under certain circumstances not all of functions of our website will be fully usable.
5.
Collection of general data and information
The website of MJSE collects a series of general data and information each time a data subject or automated system visits the website.
These general data and information are stored in the log files of the server. The following information can be recorded: (1) the browser types and versions used; (2) the operating system used by the accessing system; (3) the website from which an accessing system arrived at our website (known as the "referrer"); (4) the sub-pages visited on our website by an accessing system; (5) the date and time of access to the website; (6) an Internet Protocol address (IP address); (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system; and (8) other similar data and information that can be used to protect against threats in the event of attacks on our IT systems.
These general data and information are not used by MJSE to draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is used (1) to deliver the contents of our website correctly; (2) to optimise the contents of our website and our advertising of it; (3) to ensure the continuous functional capacity of our IT systems and the technology for our website; and (4) to provide the prosecuting authorities with the information necessary for prosecution in the event of a cyberattack. These anonymously collected data and information are therefore evaluated statistically by MJSE, for one, and are further evaluated with the aim of improving data protection and data security within our company so as ultimately to ensure the best level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data from the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
6.
Making email contact
Due to legal regulations, the website of MJSE also contains information which enables quick electronic contact with our company as well as direct communication with us, which also includes an email address. If a data subject contacts the controller by email or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
7.
Registration on our website
On the website of MJSE, the data subject has the opportunity to subscribe to our enterprise's newsletter.
Which personal data are transmitted to the controller during that process is determined by the respective input mask which is used for registration. The personal data input by the data subject are collected and stored solely for internal use by the controller for its own purposes. The controller can arrange for transfer of the personal data to one or more processors, e.g. a provider of parcel services, which will likewise use the personal data solely for the internal use of the controller.
By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address assigned by the data subject's Internet service provider (ISP) as well as the date and time of registration will also be stored. These data are stored in consideration of the fact that this is the only way to prevent misuse of our services; if necessary, these data also make it possible to resolve copyright infringements and crimes that have been committed. It is therefore necessary to store these data as a safeguard for the controller. These data will never be transferred to third parties unless there is a legal obligation to do so or such transfer is for purposes of prosecution.
The registration of the data subject, with voluntary provision of personal data, serves to allow the controller to offer the data subject content or services which, owing to their nature, can only be offered to registered users. Registered individuals are free to have the personal data provided at registration changed or erased completely from the controller's database at any time.
The controller will provide the data subject with information as to the personal data stored in relation to the data subject at any time on request. Furthermore, the controller will correct or erase personal data upon request or notice from the data subject, provided that this is not barred by any legal obligation to preserve data. The data subject is welcome to contact the Data Protection Officer named in this Privacy Policy or any of the controller's employees with regard to this matter.
8.
Subscription to our newsletter
The data subject has the option of subscribing to a newsletter on the website of the controller by providing personal data.
Which personal data are transmitted to the controller during that process is determined by the respective input mask which is used for registration. The personal data input by the data subject are collected and stored solely for internal use by the controller for its own purposes. The controller gives the data to a processor, which will likewise use the personal data solely for the internal use of the controller. This processor is MailChimp, The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a MailChimp, 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308 USA. The controller has concluded a data processing agreement with the processor. The purpose is the technical dispatch of the newsletter to the list of subscribers.
By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address assigned by the data subject's Internet service provider (ISP) as well as the date and time of registration will also be stored. These data are stored in consideration of the fact that this is the only way to prevent misuse of our services; if necessary, these data also make it possible to resolve copyright infringements and crimes that have been committed. It is therefore necessary to store these data as a safeguard for the controller. These data will never be transferred to third parties unless there is a legal obligation to do so or such transfer is for purposes of prosecution.
The registration of the data subject, with voluntary provision of personal data, serves to allow the controller to offer the data subject content or services which, owing to their nature, can only be offered to registered users. Registered individuals are free to have the personal data provided at registration changed or erased completely from the controller's database at any time.
The controller will provide the data subject with information as to the personal data stored in relation to the data subject at any time on request. Furthermore, the controller will correct or erase personal data upon request or notice from the data subject, provided that this is not barred by any legal obligation to preserve data. The data subject is welcome to contact the Data Protection Officer named in this Privacy Policy or any of the controller's employees with regard to this matter.
9.
Newsletter tracking
The newsletters from MJSE contain what are known as pixel tags. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in emails which are sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and analysis. This enables a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns. With the aid of the embedded tracking pixel, MJSE can see if and when an email was opened by a data subject and which links contained in the email were clicked by the data subject.
Such personal data collected through the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and analysed by the controller in order to optimise the shipping of the newsletter, as well as to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the data subject. These personal data will not be disclosed to third parties. Data subjects have the right at any time to revoke the declaration of consent for this issued by means of the double-opt-in procedure. After a revocation of consent, these personal data will be deleted by the controller. MJSE automatically regards unsubscription from the receipt of the newsletter as a revocation.
10.
Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the EU legislature or other legislatures in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the EU legislature or another competent legislature expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
Rights of the data subject.
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject has the right, granted by the EU legislature, to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to exercise this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.
b) Right of access
Each data subject has the right, granted by the EU legislature, to obtain from the controller information about his or her personal data stored and a copy of this information free of charge at any time.
The EU legislature has furthermore determined that the data subject is entitled to the following information:
the purposes of the processing
the categories of personal data being processed
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period
the existence of the right to rectification or erasure of personal data relating to the data subject or to the restriction of processing by the controller or a right to object to that processing
the existence of a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
where the personal data have not been obtained from the data subject: all available information as to the source of the data
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject
Furthermore, the data subject has a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation.
Where this is the case, the data subject has the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right of access, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.
c) Right to rectification
Each data subject has the right, granted by the EU legislature, to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall furthermore have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.
d) Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
Each data subject has the right, granted by the EU legislature, to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller has the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by MJSE, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of MJSE or another employee shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. The Data Protection Officer of MJSE or another employee will arrange the necessary measures in the individual case.
e) Right to restriction of processing
Each data subject has the right, granted by the EU legislature, to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests the restriction of the use of the personal data instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and it is not yet verified whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by MJSE, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.
The Data Protection Officer of MJSE will arrange for the restriction of processing.
f) Right to data portability
Each data subject has the right, granted by the EU legislature, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she furthermore has the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, where the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR and the processing is carried out by automated means, provided that the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
The data subject furthermore has the right, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, to have the personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and where this does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
The data subject can contact the Data Protection Officer appointed by MJSE or another employee at any time to assert the right to data portability.
g) Right to object
Each data subject has the right, granted by the EU legislature, to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1), including profiling based on those provisions.
In the event of such objection, MJSE will no longer process the personal data unless the controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Where MJSE processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject has the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. Where the data subject objects to MJSE carrying out processing for direct marketing purposes, MJSE will no longer process the personal data for such purposes.
Where personal data are processed by MJSE for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, the data subject, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, additionally has the right to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
The data subject can contact the Data Protection Officer of MJSE or another employee directly to exercise the right to object. In the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, the data subject is furthermore entitled to exercise his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
h) Right to withdraw consent under data protection legislation
Each data subject has the right, granted by the EU legislature, to withdraw consent to the processing of personal data at any time.
If the data subject wishes to assert his or her right to withdraw consent, he or she can contact our Data Protection Officer or another of the controller's employees at any time.
11.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of Facebook
On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Facebook. Facebook is a social network.
A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network can serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.
The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
With each visit to one of the individual pages of this website which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plugin) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook plugins can be accessed at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects which specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject with every visit to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of the respective stay on our website. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the "Like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the visit to our website, regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If the data subject does not wish to transmit personal data to Facebook, he or she can prevent such transmission by logging out of Facebook before accessing our website.
Facebook's Data Policy, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. The setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject are also explained there. In addition, various applications are available which allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook such as the Facebook Blocker from Webgraph, which can be obtained from http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/. Such applications can be used by the data subject to eliminate data transmission to Facebook.
12.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google AdSense
On this website, the controller has integrated Google AdSense. Google AdSense is an online service which allows the placement of advertising on third-party sites. Google AdSense is based on an algorithm that selects advertisements displayed on third-party sites to match with the content of the respective third-party site. Google AdSense allows an interest-based targeting of the Internet user, which is implemented by means of generating individual user profiles.
The operating company of the Google AdSense component is Alphabet Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
The purpose of the Google AdSense component is the integration of advertisements on our website. Google AdSense places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Alphabet Inc. is enabled to analyse. the use of our website. With each visit to one of the individual pages of this website which is operated by the controller and into which a Google AdSense component is integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google AdSense component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Alphabet Inc.
During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Alphabet Inc. gains knowledge of personal data, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Alphabet Inc. to understand the origin of visitors and clicks and subsequently create commission settlements, among other activities.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Alphabet Inc. from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. Additionally, a cookie already set by Alphabet Inc. may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
Google AdSense also uses what are known as tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic that is embedded in web pages to enable a log file recording and a log file analysis through which a statistical analysis may be performed. Based on the embedded tracking pixels, Alphabet Inc. is able to determine if and when a website was opened by a data subject, and which links were clicked on by the data subject. Tracking pixels serve to analyse the flow of visitors on a website, among other things.
Through Google AdSense, personal data and information—which also includes the IP address, and is necessary for the collection and accounting of the displayed advertisements—is transmitted to Alphabet Inc. in the United States of America. These personal data will be stored and processed in the United States of America. Alphabet Inc. may disclose the collected personal data through this technical procedure to third parties.
Google AdSense is further explained under the following link: www.google.co.uk/intl/en/adsense/start/.
13.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Analytics (with anonymisation function)
On this website, the controller has integrated the component of Google Analytics (with the anonymisation function). Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behaviour of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects data about the website from which a person has come (known as the "referrer"), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed, among other things. Web analytics are mainly used for the optimisation of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
For the web analytics through Google Analytics the controller uses the application "_gat. _anonymizeIp". By means of this application the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyse the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our website for us, among other activities.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyse the use of our website. With each visit to one of the individual pages of this website which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements, among other activities.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our website, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data will be stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may disclose the collected personal data through this technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, a cookie already set by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the option to object to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. To do this, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. This browser add-on uses a JavaScript to tell Google Analytics that no data and information about the visits to websites may be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google can be accessed at policies.google.com/ and at www.google.com/analytics/terms/. Google Analytics is further explained under the following Link: www.google.com/analytics/.
14.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Remarketing
On this website, the controller has integrated Google Remarketing services. Google Remarketing is a feature of Google AdWords, which allows an enterprise to display advertising to Internet users who have previously visited the enterprise's website.
The integration of Google Remarketing therefore allows an enterprise to create user-based advertising and thus shows advertisements relevant to the interests of the Internet user.
The operating company of the Google Remarketing services is the Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
The purpose of Google Remarketing is the insertion of interest-relevant advertising. Google Remarketing allows us to display ads on the Google Network or on other websites which are coordinated to the individual needs and interests of Internet users.
Google Remarketing places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google makes it possible to recognise the visitor to our website if he or she subsequently visits web pages which are also a member of the Google Network. With each visit to a web page on which the service has been integrated by Google Remarketing, the web browser of the data subject automatically identifies itself to Google. During the course of this technical procedure, Google receives personal information, such as the IP address or the surfing behaviour of the user, which Google uses for the insertion of interest-relevant advertising, among other things.
The cookie is used to store personal information, e.g. the web pages visited by the data subject. With each visit to our website, personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will accordingly be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data will be stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may disclose the collected personal data through this technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, a cookie already set by Google may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the option to object to the interest-based advertising by Google. To do this, the data subject must visit www.google.de/settings/ads and make the desired adjustments to the settings on each web browser used by the data subject.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google can be accessed at www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
15.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google AdWords
On this website, the controller has integrated Google AdWords. Google AdWords is a service for Internet advertising that allows the advertiser to place ads in Google search engine results and the Google Network. Google AdWords allows an advertiser to pre-define specific keywords so that an ad on Google's search results is only displayed if the user utilises the search engine to retrieve a keyword-relevant search result. In the Google Advertising Network, the ads are distributed on topically relevant web pages using an automatic algorithm, taking into account the previously defined keywords.
The operating company of the Google AdWords services is the Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
The purpose of Google AdWords is the promotion of our website by the inclusion of relevant advertising on the websites of third parties and in the search engine results of the search engine Google and an insertion of third-party advertising on our website.
If a data subject reaches our website via a Google ad, a conversion cookie is filed on the information technology system of the data subject through Google. The definition of cookies is explained above. The definition of cookies is explained above. A conversion cookie loses its validity after 30 days and is not used to identify the data subject. If the cookie has not expired, the conversion cookie is used to check whether certain sub-pages, e.g, the shopping cart from an online shop system, were accessed on our website. Through the conversion cookie, both Google and the controller can understand whether a person who reached an AdWords ad on our website generated sales, that is, executed or canceled a sale of goods.
The data and information collected through the use of the conversion cookie is used by Google to create visit statistics for our website.
These visit statistics are used in order to determine the total number of users who have been served through AdWords ads to ascertain the success or failure of each AdWords ad and to optimise our AdWords ads in the future. Neither our company nor other Google AdWords advertisers receive information from Google that could identify the data subject.
The conversion cookie stores personal information, e.g. the web pages visited by the data subject. With each visit to our website, personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will accordingly be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data will be stored by Google in the United States of America.
Google may disclose the collected personal data through this technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from setting a conversion cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, a cookie already set by Google AdWords may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the option to object to the interest-based advertising by Google. To do this, the data subject must visit www.google.de/settings/ads and make the desired adjustments to the settings on each web browser used by the data subject.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google can be accessed at www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
16.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of YouTube
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.
The operating company is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
With each visit to one of the individual pages of this website which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component. Further information about YouTube can be obtained from www.youtube.com/yt/about. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on YouTube, YouTube detects with each visit to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and associated with the respective YouTube account of the data subject.
YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the visit to our website is logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If the data subject does not wish to transmit personal data to YouTube, he or she can prevent such transmission by logging out of YouTube before accessing our website.
YouTube's privacy policy, available at policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
17.
Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1)(a) of the GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. If our company is subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfilment of tax obligations, then the processing will be based on Art. 6(1)(c) of the GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. In that case the processing would be based on Art. 6(1)(d) of the GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the legal bases specified above, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the EU legislature.
If found that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 of the GDPR).
18.
Legitimate interests in the processing pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favour of the well-being of all of our employees and our shareholders.
19.
Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfilment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.
20.
Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; requirement necessary to enter into a contract; obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We inform you that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). It may sometimes be necessary for the data subject to provide us with personal data which must subsequently be processed by us for the conclusion of a contract. For example, the data subject is obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The failure to provide the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject would not be able to be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact our Data Protection Officer.
Our Data Protection Officer clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
21.
Automated decision-making
As a company conscious of its responsibility, we do not utilise any automated decision-making or profiling.