https://www.wynns.com.au/en-au/conditions-of-sale.html
Delivery included for members. Join now!
Country
Wishlist
Account
My Account
Logout
Log In
Conditions of Sale
The following terms apply to any orders and purchases you make from this website.
Online Orders
You must not order or purchase goods from us:
if you are aged under 18;
for re-sale purposes (all goods must be purchased for personal use); or
which are outside any order limits or restrictions which we may apply to our wines on this site.
We may accept any order for the supply of goods (in whole or in part), or decline any order. We are not liable to you in respect of those goods that we are unable to supply to you, provided that we refund any amounts paid by you in respect of the unsupplied goods.
Cancellations & Returns
Once you have placed an order, please note that we are unable to cancel or edit your order. Accordingly, please ensure all product and delivery details are correct.
In the unlikely event that the goods received are faulty or defective, not as ordered or not of acceptable quality (as defined in s54(2) of Schedule 2 to the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth), please contact us on 1300 761 649 and we will attempt to remedy the situation as soon as possible. If we are unable to supply you with wine of the vintage that you ordered, we reserve the right to substitute it for the same wine of a different vintage.
Delivery
Unless the purchaser expressly provides to the contrary, the purchaser requests the seller to deliver the goods to the purchaser. Delivery is via Australia Post unless otherwise specified. Any delivery time-frames specified by us are indicative only. We are not liable for any loss or damage that you may suffer if delivery is not made within the delivery timeframes or it is delayed for any reason. Please note that we can't deliver wine outside of Australia. We're also not obliged to deliver the goods to a location where our nominated contractor or agent does not provide delivery services. The person we deliver to has to be aged 18 years or over (and may be asked to provide proof of age). If no-one is at the delivery address, or if there is no-one aged 18 or over, an attempted delivery notice will be left at the delivery address and you will need to collect your wine from the location specified in the notice. Please contact us on 1300 761 649 for any questions regarding delivery.
Prices & Payment
The product prices listed on our website include $9.90 freight. Payment is only deemed to have been made once it has been received by us. The price of the goods (and delivery services if applicable) in relation to an order will be calculated by reference to the prices specified on the site at the time that order is placed. Where you have paid for the goods at the time of ordering, title, and risk in the goods passes to you on delivery of the goods to the delivery address.
Privacy
Any information you provide to us through the website will be used and stored in accordance with our Privacy Policy and the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
Your contract of sale will be with Wynns Coonawarra Estate ABN 55 004 094 599 under South Australian liquor licence no. 57702912 and 57600584 and Victorian liquor licence no. 36127397, 32800105, 32800406, 32800066 and 32801711 as the case may be.
These terms are governed by the laws of South Australia.
This page was last updated December 2019
×
Log In
Member Log in
If you are a returning member visiting the new webste for the first time, click Forgot Password to reset your password.
Hi there,
In order to subscribe to a Wynns Wine Plan, you first need to log in, or register for an account with us.
Member Log in
Email Address
Password
Forgot password?
Log In
Or
Continue with Facebook
Not a member?
Join Gables Club to get at least 10% off online purchases, add wine plans, and much more!
Sign Up
Sign Up
Get 10% off online orders from Wynns
Create an account to receive 10% off your order and get free shipping on all orders Australia-wide.
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Date of Birth
DD/MM/YYYY
Post Code
Password
Back to Log In
Welcome, !
Thank you for creating an account with Wynns
You'll now receive 10% off your online orders and get free shipping on all online purchases Australia-wide.
Done
Forgotten your password?
Please enter your account email address below to reset your password.
Email Address
Reset Password
Back to Log In
Request received.
Back to Log In
Sorry about this...
To access our great new site we require you to reset your password.
Please check your email for your password reset instructions and you'll be back browsing in no time!
Having difficulty?
Contact us on 1300 768 074 between 9am-5pm AEST Monday to Friday. Read our Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policy and Terms of Sale.
You will be logged-out on changing the country.
Do you wish to continue?
Your cart will be emptied on changing the country.
Do you wish to continue?
Cancel
Yes