http://www.pacamping.com/privacy-policy
×
PCOA
Do you want to continue working?
Select OK to extend your session or Cancel to allow your session to expire.
OK
Cancel
Privacy Policy
Home|Privacy Policy
The Pennsylvania Campground Owners Association has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. It is the intent and policy of the Pennsylvania Campground Owners Association to protect the privacy of its online visitors, and the following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
Any information which you provide through our website is done on a voluntary basis. If you choose to request a printed copy of our directory, we will require that you provide us with your name, address, and e-mail address. This information is used for one-time fulfillment purposes only and is not shared with either our members or any third party organizations or individuals. In addition, this site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
In addition to the information which you may choose to submit, our servers log a wide range of statistical data in an anonymous manner. We use your IP (Internet Protocol) address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. This information is not personally identifiable but may include general information such as your browser type and the amount of time spent navigating through our site. We may also determine which search engine may have been used to find our site and which search term may have been used in conjunction with that search. This information is gathered in order to help us to understand how our site is being used and how it may be improved to provide a better overall experience for visitors such as yourself.
This website provides links to other sites, the content and policies of which are beyond our control and not the responsibility of the PCOA.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us for clarification.
Find a
Campground
Find a Campground
By Area...
Dutch Country & Gettysburg
Great Lakes
Laurel Highlands & Alleghenies
PA Wilds
Philadelphia & Lehigh Valley
Pittsburgh & Countryside
Pocono Mountains
Upstate PA & Susquehanna River Valley
Sorted By...
Campground Name
City or Town
Search
close
Find Campground By Area