http://www.bluewatercharter.co.uk/legal-privacy
Legal
Company Number: 03463394 VAT Number: 730 1475 65
Registered address: 32 Bernard Street Southampton SO14 3AY
Mustang Sally’s Limited trading as Blue Water Charter
Disclaimer
Whilst every effort is made to ensure that the information contained on this website is accurate, up to date, uninterrupted and error free, this cannot be guaranteed and we reserve the right to change any information on this website at any time, and without prior notice. Blue Water Charter makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to this website or the content contained on it and disclaims all such representations and warranties. Opinions expressed on this website are not statements of fact. In addition, we do not make any representation or give any warranty, condition, undertaking or term either express or implied as to the condition, quality, performance, accuracy, suitability, fitness for purpose, completeness, or freedom from viruses of the content contained on this website and therefore any information used by users of this website is entirely at their own risk.
Copyright
The contents of the pages of this website belong to Blue Water Charter. You may not reproduce a permanent copy of this, or any part of this, website. You may not reproduce all or any part of it into any other website, publication or other known mediums. Temporary copies of the contents of this website may be printed, displayed, or downloaded onto your own computer, but only for your own non-commercial use. You may not link to or frame this site without the express consent of Blue Water Charter.
Data Protection & security of your personal data
Personal details will be held by us in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation. We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. Please see our separate GDPR policy.
What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views).Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us.Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters.Any other information that you choose to send to us.
Third party websites
This website contains links to third party websites over which Blue Water Charter has no control. Blue Water Charter assumes no responsibility for the content of third party websites or for any losses which may arise out of use of a third party website. The presence of a link to a third party does not mean that Blue Water Charter endorses that site or has or has not any association with the owner of that website. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Cookies
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser. We use session cookies on the website to keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html. Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking Tools, Internet Options, Privacy, and selecting Block all cookies using the sliding selector.) This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please contact us for more information.