https://www.bkpc.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Our company information is as follows:
Registration name: Black Knights Parachute Centre Ltd
Place of Registration: England and Wales
Registered office address: Black Knights Parachute Centre, Hillam Lane, Cockerham, LA2 0DY
Registered company number: 01455116
Please take the time to read these terms and conditions as this will help prepare you better for your jump.
If we were forced to postpone any/all business activities due to the Government restrictions concerning the Covid-19 outbreak then we would postpone all skydives until a later date and all of our Terms and Conditions laid out below still apply.
Skydiving and parachuting is an activity sport and, as such, a degree of physical fitness is required for some of our courses. All customers must therefore comply with the following age, weight, height and health restrictions:
All customers are weighed on arrival. Providing false or inaccurate information in advance may result in your exclusion from the course. Max 15 stone Min 8 stone.
As our concern is for your safety, we reserve the right to refuse training at the Chief Centre Instructor’s (CI) discretion. In addition, to improve safety, the CI may choose to postpone a jump if weather conditions are not suitable for an individual student at that time.
For AFF and Static Line courses, all students must be within their Body Mass Index (BMI). Participating in parachuting and skydiving courses above the weights and heights specified significantly increases your risk of injury on landing.
If you have a medical condition or injury at any age, you must inform us and may be required to get a medical form signed in advance. If you are in any doubt as to your physical ability to take part in the skydive then you must consult your doctor.
General Terms and Conditions
Participating in a course with Black Knights Parachute Centre is an agreement taken voluntarily and entirely at your own risk. You will need to agree that neither the Centre nor its staff will be held liable in the event of any loss, injury or damage (howsoever caused) caused to any property or suffered by me, or any other person, in connection with or as a result of parachuting or any of the activities carried on by, or facilities provided by the Centre.
You will be asked to sign a centre membership form where you fully accept the risks and dangers inherent in the activity of parachuting, and in particular the increased dangers of failing to adhere to the methods and regulations as advised and notified to you. Failure to sign this document will mean you will not be able to jump. If you are aged 16 or 17, this form will need to be signed by a parent or guardian.
You will agree to read, abide by and stay current with the Centre Rules and Regulations, copies of which may be found within the Centre SOP’s (Standard Operating Procedures), on the Office notice board. You understand that failure to comply with the Centre Rules, Regulations and SOPs and those of the BS (British Skydiving) may result in exclusion from any and all skydiving activities.
Payments, refunds and transfers policy (Black Knights Parachute Centre)
All deposits paid are non-refundable.
All tandem skydives are valid for a maximum of 12 months from date of booking in.
All remaining payments for the course or jump must be paid prior to starting the course, briefing or training. Once started, the course training or briefing, no refunds can be made, either in full or part, for whatever reason the jump or course cannot be completed.
Once you have attended Black Knights Parachute Centre, we regret that you cannot change the location under any circumstances.
Should your skydive not take place due to poor weather/ aircraft technical issues or extreme circumstances, you may reschedule for a mutually convenient date within 1 month at no extra cost.
All money paid towards your jump including optional extras are non refundable.
Upon arriving at Black Knights Parachute and being unable to jump, a person may replace you should you develop a medical issue or other problem that prevents you from jumping. The cost of this will be £35 for the ‘P6 Insurance form name change’ and £15 administration fee.
Vouchers: Vouchers are valid for 9 months and can be extended for a further 3 months for an additional charge of £30.  Once purchased these are non refundable. Christmas Vouchers are valid from 25th December.
Vouchers may be transferred to another person within the validity dates free of charge.
If you wish to change the name of a voucher or replace a lost one, a £15 admin fee will be charged for the re-issue and postage of an actual voucher. Email replacements are free of charge.
Courses, date changes and cancellation policy
The date of your tandem skydive may be changed providing we have a minimum of 14 days’ notice. There is no charge for this. If you change your date within 14 days of your skydive, then a rebooking fee will be applied. This is currently £50pp.
If you cancel your skydive and do not intend to rebook, please note all monies paid will be non refundable.
Due to the intensive and personalised nature of the AFF course places are limited to 4 per instructor. Therefore please contact us immediately by phone on 01524 791820 if there is a problem with your course date. Whilst we do our best to accommodate our customer’s needs, we reserve the right to apply charges.
In order to book a new date for your AFF course the relevant charge must be paid in advance.
Please note that it is the student’s responsibility to inform us of any changes to your personal details (age/weight/height/medical conditions). If you are outside the restrictions for the course on arrival and are unable to participate then we reserve the right to charge for the full cost of the course.
Charity Skydives
By taking part in a Skydive for charity you agree:
That if you intend to cover the cost of the skydive with sponsorship money you will aim to meet the minimum fundraising target set by the charity, otherwise you will cover the remaining amount yourself and/or pull out of the event and refund all monies to the sponsors.
To make every effort to exceed the minimum target
To send on any additional funds raised directly to the charity within the timeframe agreed. Failure to do so is considered theft.
To make clear to sponsors if you are not paying for the skydive yourself and that the cost will be covered with some of their sponsorship money
That if you are fundraising for a charity of your own choice to contact them and agree the use of funds and the minimum sponsorship target required directly with them. Fundraising targets set by Black Knights Parachute Centre are recommendations only.
By taking part in a Skydive for a Black Knights Parachute Centre chosen charity, you agree that your contact details may, if required, be given to the charity that you have booked to fundraise for. This is so that they may support you with your fundraising efforts and arrange to collect any additional sponsorship after the jump. Your details will not be passed on by us to any other third party for any reason.
Jumper Privacy & Payments
We accept the currency GBP. We accept the following payment cards via WorldPay as well as payment via Paypal.
Customer details are kept in compliance with the UK Data Protection Act. We NEVER supply third parties with any customer details.
Contact Us
Black Knights Parachute Centre
Hillam Lane, Cockerham
Lancashire, LA2 0DY
01524 791820
07970 764850
skydive@bkpc.co.uk
Popular LinksJump for Charity
Tandem Skydives
Tandem Skydive
– 7,000ft
Tandem Skydive – 11,000ft
Tandem Skydive – 15,000ft
Accelerated Freefall Course
Useful LinksSkydiving in Leeds
Skydiving Manchester
Skydiving Liverpool
Skydiving in Birmingham
Dropzone Weather
Terms and Conditions
Find us on Facebook
© 2020 Black Knights.
All Rights Reserved. Web Design by Urban Attic.
Book Now
Gift Voucher
Dropzone
About Us
Meet The Team
Experienced Skydivers
Safety
The Knight’s Table
Dropzone Weather
Freefall Photography
Tandem Skydive
Skydiving Courses
Accelerated Freefall Course
News and Events
New Runway
Prices
Gallery
Charity
FAQs
Frequently Asked Questions
Consent forms
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Shop
Reviews
Contact
For the most recent information on COVID 19 click here. Dismiss
Important Announcement
As from 5th November 2020, Black Knights will temporally postpone all skydiving until 2nd December due to government restrictions. We will continue to monitor the situation and follow government guidance provided. We will continue to monitor the ongoing situation and will update as necessary. If you are affected by this, please email info@bkpc.co.uk and we can have a look at new dates for you.
The Black Knights Team.
×
This website or it's third-party tools may use cookies, which are necessary to assist functionality and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in the privacy policy. If you want to know more or withdraw your consent to all or some of the cookies, please refer to the privacy policy. By closing this banner or continuing to browse, you agree to the use of cookies.Accept & Close