http://www.laterooms.com/en/static/terms-of-use#p1
Part of the
family
Booking Terms and Conditions
General
"LateRooms", “LateRooms.com” and all derivatives are the trading name of Rest Easy Group Limited, a private limited company with company number 08774859. Registered address Unit 3.03 Cargo Works, 1-2 Hatfields, SE1 9PG. VAT registration number 201864825.
LateRooms acts as booking agent for the hotels and other service providers advertised on the website www.laterooms.com (the "Site"). The Site is owned, operated and provided by LateRooms. In these Booking Terms and Conditions references to 'we' or 'us' or 'our' are references to LateRooms and references to 'you' or 'your' are references.
Website Terms of Use
This website is owned and operated by "LateRooms" (“the company”). “LateRooms” is the trading name of Rest Easy Group Limited, a private limited company with company number 08774859. Registered address Unit 3.03 Cargo Works, 1-2 Hatfields, SE1 9PG. VAT registration number 201864825. LateRooms acts as a booking agent for the hotels and other service providers advertised on the website www.laterooms.com (the “Site”). In these terms, references to ‘we’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’ are references to LateRooms and references to ‘you’ or ‘you’ are references to Site users and/or visitors.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give Rest Easy Group Limited. This covers the LateRooms.com website that is operated by Rest Easy Group.
Rest Easy Group Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Rest Easy Group Limited may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 18th May 2018.
When this policy mentions “Rest Easy Group”, “we”, “us”, or “our,” it refers to the Rest Easy Group Limited company that is responsible for your information under this privacy policy (the “data controller”) and refers to what happens when you’re on the LateRooms.com website.
Information we collect
In general, you may visit the site without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about you. Our servers collect the domain names, operating system in use (e.g. Mac OS, Windows, etc) and browser (e.g. Google Chrome, Safari, etc). This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. Rest Easy Group uses this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site. Email addresses and other personally identifiable information such as first and last name, telephone number, and other similar information are known only when voluntarily provided by a visitor for registration, booking requests or other participation of visitors in any available online interactive activities.
Information we collect from third parties
If you link, connect, or login to your Rest Easy Group account with a third party service (e.g. Google or Facebook), the third party service may send us information such as your registration and profile information from that service. This information varies and is controlled by that service or as authorized by you via your privacy settings at that service.
Use of your information
We may use the personal information you provide for any of the following purposes:
to fulfill a booking request;
to provide customer service;
to understand the use of our site and make improvements;
respond to specific requests from visitors;
protect the security or integrity of our site when necessary;
send you notices and solicitations regarding site and our businesses;
to promote and market products to you. These solicitations may take the form of mailings or other couriers, telephone calls, email solicitations and other methods of contact. If you do not want to receive these solicitations from us using your personally identifiable information, please notify us.
profiling and automated decision making - We use data collected to improve our relevance to you. For example we collect data through interaction with our website (such as what content you view, what kind of properties you search for) as well as information about how you came to our site in the first plan (for example, what advert did you click on) and activity within our emails (what emails you open and when, what content you click on) and we use this to send you emails you are interested in, or show you content, or property deals that more closely fit what you look at. This kind of activity does not have legal or otherwise significant effects on you.
At times, we may conduct online surveys to better understand the needs and profiles of our visitors. When we conduct a survey, we will try to let you know how we will use the information at the time we collect the information from you on the Internet.
To unsubscribe from our marketing email list, simply click on the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email from us or contact us at
hello@resteasygroup.com.
Disclosures of your information
Unless otherwise disclosed in this privacy policy, personally identifiable information that may be collected in connection with visitors to this site is retained by Rest Easy Group. Rest Easy Group do not sell, transfer or otherwise disclose this personally identifiable information outside this company, except where disclosure is required by law.
Transfers outside the European Economic Area
Data which we collect from you may be stored and processed in and transferred to countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). For example, this could occur if our servers are located in a country outside the EEA or one of our service providers is situated in a country outside the EEA. These countries may not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the EEA.
If we transfer data outside the EEA in this way, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this privacy policy.
Sharing with property agents and owners.
To facilitate bookings we may need to share certain information, including personal information, with the managing agents, as it is necessary for the adequate fulfilment of the contract between you and the property manager/property owner. When you as a user submit a booking request, certain information about you is shared with the property manager (and owner, if applicable), including your full name, email, phone number and other information you agree to share.
Your rights
You may exercise any of the rights described in this section with Last Minute Cottages by sending an email to
hello@resteasygroup.com.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request.
Managing your information
You may access and remove or update some of your information and email preferences through unsubscribe links in all emails via or your subscription settings here.
here.
You are responsible for keeping your personal information up-to-date.
Correction of inaccurate or incomplete information
You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your Rest Easy Group account).
Data access and portability
You are entitled you to request copies of your personal information held by us. You may also be entitled to request copies of personal information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and/or request us to transmit this information to another service provider (where technically feasible).
Data retention and erasure
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of providing our service to you as a customer. If you no longer want us to use your information to provide the Rest Easy Group platform to you, you can request that we erase your personal information. Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information:
We may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Because we maintain the Rest Easy Group platform to protect from accidental or malicious loss and destruction, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup systems for a limited period of time.
Withdrawing consent and restriction of processing
Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information by Rest Easy Group you may withdraw your consent at any time by unsubscribing via the unsubscribe links in emails or by sending a communication to Rest Easy Group specifying which consent you are withdrawing. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
Objection to processing
If you object to Rest Easy Group processing your personal information you may request Rest Easy Group not to process this information and withdraw your consent at any time by unsubscribing via the unsubscribe links in emails or by sending a communication to Rest Easy Group specifying which consent you are withdrawing. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal.
Other websites
This site may contain links to other sites of third parties. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those other sites. We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. You are responsible for checking this policy when you visit our site to review the current policy. If you do not agree with the policy, you should cease use of the site immediately.
Rest Easy Group cookie policy
Rest Easy Group uses cookies and other technologies to provide and improve the Rest Easy Group service. This policy explains how and why we use these technologies and the options you have.
A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your device (e.g. your phone or your computer). For example, a cookie could allow us to recognise your browser, while another could store your preferences. There are two types of cookies used on the Rest Easy Group platform: (1) “session cookies” and (2) “persistent cookies.” Session cookies normally expire when you close your browser, while persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser, and can be used again the next time you access the Rest Easy Group platform.
We also use other technologies with similar functionality to cookies, such as pixels and tracking URLs to obtain usage data as described in the privacy policy above. For example, our email messages may contain pixels and tracking URLs to determine whether you have opened a certain message or accessed a certain link.
Why Last Minute Cottages uses these technologies
We use these technologies for a number of purposes, such as:
To enable you to use and fully access the Rest Easy Group platform and services.
To enable, facilitate and improve your usage of the Rest Easy Group platform and service.
To better understand how you navigate through and interact with the Rest Easy Group platform and to improve the Rest Easy Group platform.
To show you content that is more relevant to you.
To monitor and analyze the performance, operation, and effectiveness of the Rest Easy Group platform and Rest Easy Group advertisements.
To enforce legal agreements that govern use of the Rest Easy Group platform.
For purposes of our own customer support, analytics, research and product development.
Third parties
We may also allow certain business partners to place these technologies on the Rest Easy Group platform. These partners use these technologies to (1) help us analyze how you use the Rest Easy Group platform, such as by noting the third party services from which you arrived, (2) market and advertise Rest Easy Group services to you on the Rest Easy Group platform and third party websites, (3) help us detect or prevent fraud or conduct risk assessments, or (4) collect information about your activities on the Rest Easy Group platform, other sites, and/or the ads you have clicked on. For example, to help us better understand how people use the Rest Easy Group platform, we work with a number of analytics partners, including Google Analytics. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics opt-out browser by clicking
here.
Third parties may also use such tracking technologies to serve ads that they believe are most likely to be of interest to you and measure the effectiveness of their ads both on the Rest Easy Group platform and on other websites and online services. Targeting and advertising cookies we use may include Google, and other advertising networks and services we use from time to time. For more information about targeting and advertising cookies and how you can opt out, you can visit the
Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page
, or
http://youronlinechoices.eu.
To opt out of Google Analytics for display advertising or customize Google display network ads, you can visit the
Google Ads Settings page.
To the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Rest Easy Group platform and you opt-out of tailored advertising, you may still receive advertising content. In that case, the advertising content will just not be tailored to your interests. Also, we do not control any of these opt-out links and are not responsible for the availability or accuracy of these mechanisms. Third Party Social Plugins the Rest Easy Group platform may use social plugins provided and operated by third parties, such as Facebook’s Like Button. As a result of this, you may send to the third party the information that you are viewing on a certain part of the Rest Easy Group platform. If you are not logged into your account with the third party, then the third party may not know your identity. If you are logged in to your account with the third party, then the third party may be able to link information or actions about your interactions with the Rest Easy Group platform to your account with them. Please refer to the third party’s privacy policies to learn more about its data practices.
We offer personalized shopping experiences and advertising through Intent, which uses online identifiers to identify visitors. To view Intent’s privacy policy,
click here.
To opt out
click here.
Your choices
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser’s toolbar.
Your mobile device may allow you to control cookies through its settings function. Refer to your device manufacturer’s instructions for more information.
If you choose to decline cookies, some parts of the Rest Easy Group platform may not work as intended or may not work at all.
Rest Easy Group
Rest Easy Group Limited, Company No. 08774859 and is located at 3.03, Cargo Works, 1-2 Hatfields, SE1 9PG. United Kingdom. Rest Easy Group runs and operates the following websites -
Last Minute Cottages
,
Snaptrip
,
Big Cottages
,
Dog Friendly Cottages
and
Villa Holidays.
More hotels
UK hotels
7k
UK hotels
185
Aberdeen hotels
223
Ascot hotels
344
Bath hotels
374
Birmingham hotels
613
Blackpool hotels
455
Bournemouth hotels
324
Brighton hotels
561
Bristol hotels
178
Cambridge hotels
210
Cardiff hotels
124
Chester hotels
1.8k
Cornwall hotels
776
Cotswolds hotels
356
Dundee hotels
1k
Edinburgh hotels
325
Glasgow hotels
192
Harrogate hotels
299
Inverness hotels
421
Isle of Wight hotels
1k
Lake District hotels
189
Leeds hotels
218
Leicester hotels
511
Liverpool hotels
118
Llandudno hotels
3.2k
London hotels
408
Manchester hotels
387
New Forest hotels
89
Newbury hotels
182
Newcastle hotels
92
Norwich hotels
218
Nottingham hotels
110
Oxford hotels
73
Plymouth hotels
66
Poole hotels
138
Portsmouth hotels
338
Reading hotels
90
Scarborough hotels
141
Sheffield hotels
110
Southampton hotels
72
Southend-on-Sea hotels
59
St. Andrews hotels
112
Stratford-upon-Avon hotels
49
Tenby hotels
89
Torquay hotels
78
Weston-super-Mare hotels
163
Whitby hotels
436
York hotels
London hotels
3.2k
London hotels
758
Luxury London hotels
699
Cheap London hotels
1.2k
Central London hotels
321
O2 Arena hotels
189
Wembley Stadium hotels
622
Hyde Park hotels
228
Covent Garden hotels
665
Kings Cross hotels
Europe hotels
100k+
Europe hotels
3.1k
Amsterdam hotels
2.3k
Paris hotels
1.8k
Barcelona hotels
389
Eurodisney hotels
15k
Spain hotels
31k
Italy hotels
12k
France hotels
4k
Republic of Ireland hotels
7k
Germany hotels
9k
Portugal hotels
5k
Belgium hotels
6k
Turkey hotels
3.5k
Austria hotels
9k
Croatia hotels
1.7k
Cyprus hotels
2.5k
Netherlands hotels
3k
Sweden hotels
2k
Switzerland hotels
World hotels
12k
North America hotels
50k+
South America hotels
100k+
Asia hotels
10k+
Australasia hotels
20k+
Africa hotels
Popular breaks
150
Popular hotels
5k
Luxury hotels
20k
Pet friendly hotels
12k
Hot tub hotels
7k
Spa hotels
8k
New Years eve
10k
Valentines day
This site uses cookies to provide you with a better user experience. By using Laterooms you accept our
use of cookies.