http://www.bulldoginformation.com/privacy-policy.html
We respect your privacy. We do not send "cookies" to your computer or collect, use, store, and disclose data collected from our visitors, other than the anonymous data about general visitor trends and external referrers we learn from our website statistics.  These statistics reports do not include identifiable information about our site's users. They just tell things such as how many visits were made to the individual pages of this web site, what browsers visitors use, how the visitor came to this website (e.g. from which search engine or from what website that had a link to Bulldoginformation.com). We use this information to improve the content and design of the pages. We want to make sure they work well and look good in the various browsers visitors use, and that they are relevant to what our visitors are looking for on our website.
However, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Our website displays Adsense for content ads served by Google. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. When you visit our website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on your browser. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. You may at any time opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
To provide additional product information and further reading sources for our readers, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party products or services may take the form of affiliate links, which helps us to raise funds for the site. When clicking one of these links leading to these companies' websites a cookie may be dropped on your browser. A "cookie" is a bit of text that is sent from a website's servers and stored on a person's web browser. It is used for record-keeping purposes only. With the use of cookies, companies do not know your name, address, phone number or email address. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
See Amazon's privacy policy.
See Linkshare's privacy policy.
If you send me an email message with a comment or question I will use your email address only to respond to you. If you send me a photo of your dog and it is published on our website I will publish your dog's name and your name only if they are included in the signature of your email. If you do not wish your name to appear under the photo, just mention it in the accompanying email. Of course, you may always use a pseudonym or just mention your initials. However, please note that for copyright reasons, photos sent anonymously from a temporary email address may, in case of doubt, be excluded from publication on our website.
Buying a Bulldog ?
English Bulldog Standard
Characteristics of the Bulldog
Basic Needs of the Bulldog
Bull baiting
English bulldogs home
Bulldog books
English Bulldog breeders
Bulldog Clubs
Bulldog gift ideas
Bulldog fashion
Site Information
Site Map
Copyright & Credits
Contact
Recommended Books
Goodies
Music for Bulldogs
Cute & fun photos
Bulldog Names
Bulldog Gift Ideas
Bulldog Supplies
Bulldog Memorabilia
Related Books
History of the dog
Bulldog Books
Dog breeding
Canine genetics
Puppy raising & training
Dog behavior
Behavior problems
Dog Aggression
Dog training
Dog showing
Judging dogs
Kennel management
Housebreaking a puppy
Dog Photography
Therapy dogs
Dog nutrition
Dog heroes
Related pages
Featured links
Bulldogs
Hank & Carol williams
More information:
.
.
.
.
.
The Bulldog Information Library 2003-2009 © All rights reserved.
Original idea, design and development by C. Marien-de Luca. No part of bulldoginformation.com may be copied, distributed, printed or reproduced on another website without the owner's written permission. Please feel free to link from your site to any of the pages on this website in a non-frame presentation only.
Bulldog
(Kennel Club Dog Breed Series)
by Michael Dickerson
More information:
Home > Site information > Privacy Policy
Subsections:
Bulldog books | Bulldog History | Feeding your Bulldog
| Traveling with your Bulldog | Puppy Tips | Bulldog Mascots | Bulldog Health Tips |
Sister websites: Puginformation.org and FunnyFlatFaces.com
More Dog Breeds:
Bulldog breeds | Molosser dogs | Dog breeds A to Z
About Bulldoginformation.com: Sitemap | About us | Copyright | Contact
Other 'Flat Faced' Dogs:
Pug | French Bulldog | Boston Terrier
Bulldog and Terrier Breeds | Guard Dogs
More Dog Books:
| More Dog breeds | Cute Puppies | Sitemap |
| Bulldog puppies | Dogs in Art | Funny bulldogs |
Enter your search terms
Submit search form
Web
Bulldoginformation.com
The New Complete bulldog
(cover may be different according to the edition!)
Col. Bailey C. Hanes
More information:
The Book of the Bulldog
Joan Brearley
More information:
Privacy Policy