http://www.champdogsforum.co.uk/terms.html
Champdogs Information Exchange
Forum
Breeders
Help
Search
Board Index
Active Topics
Terms of Usage and Conditions of Service
All forums are post moderated; however, this dialogue is a cooperative endeavour. To maintain an
environment conducive to this, please follow and agree to the following few basic guidelines and requests before using this system. Please note that these are guidelines; at Champdogs we prefer to operate "within the spirit of the law", rather than "to the letter of the law":
By using this messaging system, you agree to abide by the following simple common sense rules:
All groups are moderated for foul language and commercialised promotional posts.
Always be respectful of other users, the system, and the moderators. We put the system online in good faith, please use it in good faith.
Be descriptive, specific, and succinct in your postings. This way your opinion and point is clearly understood and referenced.
You agree not to hold Champdogs or its members liable for anything stated within the forums.
Please avoid being judgemental or condescending in your posts. Many people arrive at this forum looking for advice because they have a problem or have made a mistake. Please be constructive in your replies and address the solution to the problem. Do not simply criticise the poster for having the problem, as this serves no useful purpose.
Do not make assumptions regarding others' knowledge or motives, if in doubt seek clarification before you respond. However please try to avoid "grilling" new members to the forum, you will learn more about people if you allow them time to volunteer information about themselves.
Be tolerant of other people's views and opinions. It is far better to agree to differ, than to continue an argument ad-nauseum, when it is obvious that neither party will change their viewpoint.
Because your posting may be more pertinent to another on going discussion, or it might spawn its own thread, it may be moved as the Champdogs Moderators, sees fit.
Please do not post the same question in multiple forums. Just choose the forum you consider the most appropriate. Duplicate posts will be removed.
Members may post links to informational sites (commercial or otherwise) which are relevant to the topic subject matter. However you may not post a link to a site with which you are affiliated. The Champdogs administrators reserve the right to remove any link they deem inappropriate.
Links to adult content, pages with links to adult content, near adult content (including model and swimsuit sites) will be removed asap. Any discussion of those are off topic.
No press releases, newsletters, Webpages, or copyrighted content may be inserted into posts. Minor excerpts of less than one paragraph (5 sentences) may be used. All other forms of inserted content from Press Releases, Newsletters, Webpages, or any other copyrighted content placed into messages will be removed without exception. A link to the content is appropriate.
Periodically the Moderators of Champdogs will post his or her comments, but they may not necessarily reflect the opinions of County Computer Consultants, or its employees.
Please do not include the entire message you are referencing in your response.
Posts which reference puppies for sale, proposed litters, adult dogs for sale, dogs for rehoming, rescue dogs and stud dogs for hire will be removed, even if posted in response to a visitors question. Please reply privately to such queries.
This forum system is not a venue for personal or private vendettas. Keep your personal business as just that - personal. This forum is not a venue for personal disputes.
We will not tolerate any form of online bullying.
Please don't drop promotional urls (we do not allow sig file urls).
Signing your name is fine, however commercialised posts will be edited. We tend to err on the side of caution to protect the integrity of the system. Linking to a site with which you are affiliated is prohibited except in your own personal profile.
Please keep your language clean and decent. This includes personal inflammatory language as well as obscenities.
Please stay within the topic area of the forum you are posting a message in, and within any topic that another poster may have started.
Since this is interactive, and everyone who participates in the Champdogs Forum is "in it together", please treat others the way you wish to be treated. One way to guard against misunderstandings is to read over your response before you post it. Flaming or personal attacks are not allowed or tolerated. Should anyone use aggressively inappropriate language, start a personal attack, or engage in hate speech, they will be barred from all further discussions.
The forums are not a venue for advertisements in any way. It will be the sole discretion of Champdogs and it's moderators as to what constitutes an advertisement.
Fundraising/Sponsorship/Donation Requests are ALL prohibited. Anyone found using the forum to raise funds in any form, will be removed. This includes messages sent via the Private message facility.
We do not allow "Please sign my petition posts".
We do not allow look at my site posts.
Members are automatically notified when they receive a private message. All "I have PMed you" posts will be removed.
You are responsible for your own posts and agree not to hold County Computer Consultants (champdogs.co.uk) liable for any messages posted.
You will not copy and retransmit any information out of these forums without first getting the permission of the Champdogs administrators and the original author of the message.
Persistent infringment of any of the above guidelines will result in the removal of your postings rights.
These guidelines also apply to messages sent via the PM system. All PMs are reviewed by the forum administrators to ensure they comply with the Ts & Cs.
For our part we will do our best to protect your privacy and respect your posts. To read our privacy policy, click here.
We will not edit or otherwise misrepresent what you write without cause. If a post has been edited or removed, the moderators will endeavour to inform the poster as to the reasons via email, however particularly with "repeat offenders" this may not always be the case.
We reserve the right to edit any and all content that has been placed on the Champdogs Forum. These terms of service may be modified as necessary and are retroactive to all members. Last updated 03/03/2015.
Thank you to Webmaster World for the majority of the above.
Thank
You.
Mark Roach
Powered by mwForum 2.29.6 © 1999-2015 Markus Wichitill
About Us - Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy