http://www.mousesavers.com/privacy-policy/
MouseSavers.com
Sign up for the FREE MouseSavers Newsletter and get a monthly email with exclusive discounts!
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
It’s really very simple. MouseSavers.com® will not sell or share your personal information with any outside organization or company, unless you give explicit permission. We do not sell our newsletter mailing list to anyone else, or share it with anyone else, and will never do so in the future.
Newsletter
Any personally identifiable information you provide through the newsletter registration on MouseSavers.com is used by the site only to send you the MouseSavers Newsletter and Hot Deals Announcements (if you’ve opted in for the latter). You can cancel your newsletter subscriptions at any time.
Contests and Sweepstakes
Any personally identifiable information you provide when entering a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by MouseSavers.com is used by the site to select winners and award prizes. Non-winning entries are deleted or destroyed at the completion of the legally required holding period and your information is not shared with third parties unless you give your explicit permission.
Due to legal requirements, each winner’s first name, last initial, city, state/province, and country will be published at the completion of the contest term.
Testimonials
Testimonials on the site are unsolicited and are reprinted with the authors’ permission. Last names are abbreviated for privacy purposes.
Cookies and IP Address Tracking
MouseSavers.com uses Google Analytics to count how many unique visitors come to the site and to compile basic visitor statistics. If you are logged in to any Google site or are using Google Chrome or a Google browser toolbar or plugin and have not opted out of tracking, Google is likely noting that you have visited MouseSavers.com, which might cause Disney-related ads to show up on Google searches and via Google’s ad network. We do not benefit from this financially, and Google has instructions on how to opt out.
External Links
MouseSavers.com also contains external links to other sites that may employ cookies and/or IP address tracking and/or gather, sell or share personal information. Please see the linked site’s privacy policy for details.