http://www.atlantisadventures.com/privacy-policy
1-800-381-0237HomeAtlantis SubmarinesWaikikiMauiKonaAtlantis CruisesAtlantis Adventures, LLC. Privacy PolicyHere at Atlantis Adventures (www.atlantisadventures.com) we know that privacy is important to you and that you care how information about you is used and shared. We appreciate your trust that we will handle your information carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Atlantis Adventures, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.About the information we collect …When you visit Atlantis Adventures the information we collect from our customers helps us server you better and to continually improve both our online and offline product and service offerings. We gather information in several ways including:Customer provided information: When you reserve an Atlantis Adventures Tour Package, we ask for certain basic information required to make your purchase including your name, billing address, telephone number, email address, payment information, and related travel itinerary details to help us server you better.If you choose to pay online and with your credit card, a portion of this information is also supplied to the credit card company, together with your credit card number, for purposes of processing the transaction. Atlantis Adventures and its affiliates bear no responsibility for the transfer of information by unrelated third parties. This includes but is not limited to your credit card issuer and credit reporting authorities.Automated electronic information: When you visit Atlantis Adventures online we keep track of our customer purchases, traffic patterns and related site statistics inside our website to help us shape our online progress. Rest assured that the only information we collect from your web browser is solely based on your activities on our network of websites. We do not track your browsing habits as they reflect other sites on the Internet.From time to time, we may randomly contact customers about participating in user surveys about our website(s). As we do not outsource any of these activities you will only be contacted by people directly affiliated with Atlantis Adventures, Inc. and it’s immediate affiliates. These surveys are optional. The responses we gather help us make your online shopping experience even better.What do we do with the information we collect …Customer information is an important part of our business and we use it to help us provide better services for you. However, we are not in the business of selling your information. We only share our customer information to our direct subsidiary operations.Your transactions are secure …Just as we protect your personal information, we also go to great lengths to protect your financial information using state-of-the-art encryption technology to safeguard your online transactions. Our site is protected using the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) of your web browser, which is fully supported by Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari and Chrome web browsers. Your information, including your credit card details, is encrypted and cannot be read as it travels over the internet.A few notes about cookies …Cookies you ask? Yes, cookies, but not the enjoyable baked kind. Cookies as they pertain to the internet are small pieces of information that our servers send through your web browser to your hard drive. A cookie lets our system recognize you and the current purchases you are making.Most web browsers are set to accept cookies automatically, but this setting can be changed in almost all cases. See your web browser’s “help section” to learn more about this setting. To help facilitate your online purchases your browser must be set to “accept” cookies for our site (www.atlantisadventures.com)Who has access to my information …Unlike most online operations, we do not use outside companies to help facilitate our operations. Orders are accepted, processed and fulfilled in our own group of companies. We will only release your personal information to the proper persons when we believe, in good faith, that we are required to comply with a law or legal process, enforce our agreements, or protect the rights, property or safety of our operations or other persons or entities.Postal/email addresses …We are not in the business of selling your information. We only share our customer information to our direct subsidiary operations. You have control over how you are contacted from our company. We occasionally send new product announcements via postal mail or special offers to your email account. You’ll always have the option to request that your name be removed from our mailing lists. To have your information removed from our lists, please contact our Customer Service Department at administrator@atlantisadventures.comChildrenWhile many of the tours we offer are accessible to children, our website is intended for use by adults. We sell children’s tours for purchase and enjoyed while accompanied by adults. If you are under 18, you may use the Atlantis Adventures website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. Additionally, we do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age. If you believe your child has provided information to our site, please contact our Customer Service Department at administrator@atlantisadventures.comAcceptance of terms …By using www.atlantisadventures.com and its online affiliate domains and/or provide use with your personal information, you are accepting the privacy practices described in this document.We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Please check back here occasionally for any policy changes. You will always find the latest version posted here. Please note that because a customer information database is customarily considered a business asset, www.atlantisadventures.com and its affiliates shall have the right to transfer it in a merger or sale of some or all of its company or in an action for bankruptcy. Your information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy by the acquiring or merged company unless you are notified and provided an opportunity to opt out of any changes.Notice of disclaimer to all users …Atlantis Adventures, LLC. is a Canadian corporation incorporated in the province of British Columbia and observes generally accepted Canadian practices with respect to the privacy of data collected by it. Atlantis Adventures does not represent or warrant that its data collection practices meet the standards of European Union Member States, or any other jurisdiction outside of Canada. By your use of the site to order merchandise you agree that you have read and agree to British Columbia jurisdiction over any disputes that may arise in connection with it.Questions about our policy …If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please send us an email at administrator@atlantisadventures.com
1-800-381-0237HomeAbout UsOur MissionContact UsGlobal SiteTravel AgentEmploymentATLANTIS SUBMARINESWaikiki SubmarineMaui SubmarineKona SubmarineVirtual Submarine TourATLANTIS CRUISESSunset Cocktail CruiseIsland Style Buffet CruiseFriday Night Fireworks CruiseWhale Watch Cruise facebook Twitter Instagram  Copyright © 2019 Atlantis Adventures LLC. All rights reserved.Privacy PolicyTOUR UPDATEAloha! The health and safety of our guests and employees is always our top priority. In keeping with the recommendations of federal and state health officials related to Covid-19, we are temporarily suspending all submarine tours on Oahu, Maui, and Big Island, and all cruise tours offered aboard Majestic by Atlantis Cruises. This suspension of tours takes effect immediately and will continue until December 20 for Waikiki, Maui, and Kona submarine tours, and January 1 for Waikiki Majestic cruises. Our reservations team is diligently working to contact all guests affected by this temporary closure to reschedule their tours or accommodate their requests. We appreciate your support and understanding during this time. Mahalo!×