http://www.100ll.com/privacy.php
» Home
» Contact Us
» Search Help
» Link To Us
» About 100LL.com
<< Back
Privacy Policy
About Us
This is a privacy policy for 100LL.com.. Our homepage on the Web is located at
http://www.100ll.com. The full text of our privacy policy is available on the Web at
http://www.100ll.com/privacy.php.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy. You may contact us by mail at the following address:
Chief Privacy Officer
1902 E. 27th Terrace
Pittsburg, KS 66762
USA
You may contact us by e-mail at cpo@100ll.com. You may call us at 1-620-231-6647.
Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals
We
have the following privacy seals and/or dispute resolution mechanisms.
If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, they
can help you resolve your concern.
Errors in our Privacy Policy: Contact our Technical Support Department for any disputes on our privacy practices.
Additional Information
This policy is valid for 2 weeks from the time that it is loaded by a client.
Data Collection
P3P
policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as
"statements"). This policy contains 4 data groups. The data practices
of each group will be explained separately.
Group "Access log information"
We collect the following information:
HTTP protocol elements
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
One-time tailoring.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Our Web server collects access logs containing this information.
Group "Cookies"
We collect the following information:
HTTP cookies
This data will be used for the following purposes:
One-time tailoring. The user must opt-in to this usage.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Cookies
are used to track visitors to our site, so we can better understand
what portions of our site best serve you. We also use cookies to allow
our server to maintain information about the contents of your shopping
cart.
Group "Transaction info (required)"
We collect the following information:
Purchase information
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents. In addition, the following types of entities will receive this information:
Delivery services.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Information we collect in order to process your purchase.
Group "Transaction info (optional)"
At the user's option, we will collect the following data:
Demographic data
Purchase information
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Contacting visitors for marketing of services or products. The user is allowed to opt-out of this usage.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents. In addition, the following types of entities will receive this information:
Delivery services.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Information we collect in order to process your purchase.
Cookies
Cookies
are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored
information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web
site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie,
giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:
User targeting
Compact Policy Summary
The compact policy which corresponds to this policy is:
CP="ALL DSP COR CURa ADMa DEVa TAIa CONo OUR DELa NOR IND UNI PUR COM NAV INT DEM STA PRE"
The following table explains the meaning of each field in the compact policy.
Field
Meaning
CP=
This is the compact policy header; it indicates that what follows is a P3P compact policy.
ALL
Access to all collected information is available.
DSP
The policy contains at least one dispute-resolution mechanism.
COR
Violations of this policy will be corrected.
CURa
The data is used for completion of the current activity.
ADMa
The data is used for site administration.
DEVa
The data is used for research and development.
TAIa
The data is used for tailoring the site.
CONo
The data is used for contacting the user, unless the user chooses otherwise.
OUR
The data is given to ourselves and our agents.
DELa
The data is given to delivery services.
NOR
The data is not kept beyond the current transaction.
IND
The data will be kept indefinitely.
UNI
Unique identifiers are collected.
PUR
Purchase information is collected.
COM
Computer information is collected.
NAV
Navigation and clickstream data is collected.
INT
Interactive data is collected.
DEM
Demographic and socioeconomic data is collected.
STA
State-management data is collected
PRE
Preference information is collected.
The
compact policy is sent by the Web server along with the cookies it
describes. For more information, see the P3P deployment guide at http://www.w3.org/TR/p3pdeployment.
Policy Evaluation
Microsoft
Internet Explorer 6 will evaluate this policy's compact policy whenever
it is used with a cookie. The actions IE will take depend on what
privacy level the user has selected in their browser (Low, Medium,
Medium High, or High; the default is Medium. In addition, IE will
examine whether the cookie's policy is considered satisfactory or
unsatisfactory, whether the cookie is a session cookie or a persistent
cookie, and whether the cookie is used in a first-party or third-party
context. This section will attempt to evaluate this policy's compact
policy against Microsoft's stated behavior for IE6.
Note: this evaluation is currently experimental and should not be considered a substitute for testing with a real Web browser.
Satisfactory policy: this compact policy is considered satisfactory according to the rules defined by Internet Explorer 6. IE6 will accept
cookies accompanied by this policy under the High, Medium High, Medium,
Low, and Accept All Cookies settings.
Search 100LL.com
©2012 Aviation Fuel Data LLC   Privacy Policy