http://www.darioush.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Welcome, please login.
01
Our Journey
01
Our Journey
The Vision
Vineyards
Winemaking
Hospitality
Our Family
02
Be our guest
02
Be Our Guest
Portfolio Tasting
Fine Wines, Artisan Cheeses
By Invitation Only
Discover Darius II
Culture of Wine Experience
Sensory Sessions: An Olive Oil Experience
Virtual Wine Experience
03
Our Wine
03
Our Wine
Current Releases
Darius II
Sage Vineyard Series
Signature Series
Duel
Caravan
Late Harvest Shahpar
04
Membership
04
Membership
First Offering Reservation
Benefits
Enroll
Policies & Shipping
Concierge Services
05
Shop
05
Shop
Wines
Art + Object
Virtual Tasting Sets
Business Gifting
Holiday Gift Collection
Please Login
your cart
Your cart is empty.
Privacy Policy
Darioush Khaledi Winery, LLC (“Darioush”, "us", "we", or "our") operates http://www.darioush.com (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number ("Personal Information").
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. Darioush Khaledi Winery, LLC has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our Site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners. To do so, simply email orders@darioush.com with the word ‘UNSUBSCRIBE’ in the subject line.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Darioush may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at info@darioush.com or by calling 707.257.2345.
When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.
When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.
Visit Us
4240 Silverado Trail
Napa, California 94558,
USA
(707) 257-2345
Open daily 10:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
In observance of the holiday, Darioush will be closed on Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, New Year's Eve and New Year's Day.
Reserve your wine experience now
Home
Our Journey
Be Our Guest
Our Wine
Membership
Shop
Contact
Press Inquiries
Wine Fact Sheets
Distributors
Careers
Sign up for our mailing list
Reserve your wine experience now
Sign up for our mailing list
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Site Map
Privacy
Accessibility
© 2020 Darioush. All Rights Reserved. A FINE site.
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest