http://www.grandgeneva.com/villas/reservation-policy
Skip to main content
Grand Geneva Resort & Spa’s Health & Safety Response to COVID-19
(262) 248-8811
Contact Us
Email Sign-Up
Event Calendar
Packages
Employment
We've recently updated our privacy policy Privacy Policy
X
/
Villas
Main Lodge
About
/
Reservation Policy
Amenities
FAQ
Packages
Villa FAQ's
Contact Us
Book Today
The Villas at Grand Geneva
Villas Reservation Policy
Room rates are confirmed at time of reservation. For your convenience a $50 resort fee is added to your bill per night. Resort fee includes:
Upgraded wireless Internet coverage extending the resort
Overnight valet parking
On-site transportation using either our trolley or van
In-villa welcome gift upon arrival
In-room bottled water (two per bedroom)
Access to the 10,000 square foot fitness center, including daily fitness classes, steam, sauna, whirlpool and locker facilities
Exclusive use of the villa outdoor pools, fire pits and grills
Stocked wine and beer in fridge available for purchase
Grocery delivery service available for an additional fee
All local, calling-card and toll-free telephone calls
In-room coffee
Incoming facsimile messages
In-room safe
15 minutes of access to the Main Lodge lobby computers every 24 hours and up to two black and white printed pages
Access to a Villa Experiences Manager to assist in pre-planning and available for any assistance during your stay as well
Check-in time is 4pm and check-out is at 11am. You must be 25 or older to reserve and stay in a villa. A major credit card must be presented to check-in. For additional room amenity information, click here.
other policies
VILLA CANCELLATIONS
A one-night room/package, resort fee & tax deposit is due upon reservation. This deposit will be charged to the credit card provided upon booking. The Villas at Grand Geneva has a
7-day cancellation policy. All cancellations must be made seven days prior to arrival to receive a refund on the credit card provided. A $35 processing fee will charged with any cancellation. Some cancellation policies may vary based on the package booked.
ADVANCE RESERVATIONS
Advance reservations for guest rooms, dining, golf, tennis, and WELL Spa services are strongly recommended.
Dining Reservations can be made in advance of your arrival to ensure seating availability for the time of your choice.
PACKAGES
Featured Packages do not include alcoholic beverages unless stated. All package components (golf, tennis, spa services and dining) should be reserved at the time of booking to ensure availability at the time of reservation. No refunds will be made for unused package components. Packages do not include resort fee service charge or taxes for all components included in the package.
ViEW packages and SpecialsPET POLICYGrand Geneva Resort and Spa welcomes all service animals as well as dogs under 25 pounds to the resort. The fee for one dog under 25 pounds is $65 and will be pre-charged upon booking. It is $75 for two dogs; two dog maximum allowed per room. Read more about our pet program guidelines. SCOOTER POLICYThe use of hover boards, scooters, skateboards, etc. is prohibited on resort property. TAXESRooms are subject to 8.5% state and local taxes. Please note:Grand Geneva Resort & Spa acts and cooperates with other organizations to make arrangements for accommodations and other services referred to herein. Grand Geneva Resort & Spa is not responsible for acts of other organizations and does not assume responsibility for any delay, error, loss or accident, inclement weather, faults or negligence, injury or damage in respect to any person or property, however caused or arising.