http://www.bsa-brmc.org/index.php/aboutbrmc/privacy-policy.html
Search
Home
Contact Us
Back
540 265-0656
Directions to Service Center
Privacy Policy
Staff Listing
Donate to Scouting
Birthdays
Camping
Back
Camp Powhatan
Camp Ottari
Common Forms
Summer Camp
Activities & Training
Back
Activities
Back
Cub Scout Events
Scout BSA Events
Council Events
Event Calendar
Training
Back
Cub Scout Training
Scouts BSA Training
General Training
Program Planning
Recruiting Tools
Order of the Arrow
National BSA Letter
Scouting Advancement From Home
Scouting at Home
Nature & Conservation
Back
Nature Notes
Membership Recruiting
Calendar
National Links
Back
How to Join
BSA Forms
My Scouting
Internet Recharter
Internet Advancement 1.0
Internet Advancement 2.0
Scout Shop
Incident Reporting
Print
Privacy Policy
June 1, 2019:
The Blue Ridge Mountains Council (BRMC) is committed to respecting and protecting the personal privacy of its members and Web site visitors. It is our policy to acquire personal information only by overt means, in the interest of the user to provide it, and utilize this information only for the purpose to which it was provided.
What information does this site collect and use?
The Bsa-brmc.org site functions for the benefit of BRMC and individuals in administering and delivering the programs of the Boy Scouts of America. To that end this site collects personally identifiable information (PII) to facilitate event registration, participation in our programs, purchasing BSA merchandise, and responding to requests for information. We collect information such as, but not limited to name, address, phone, Date of Birth, gender, and e-mail address of members and parents/guardians.
This site collects anonymous data that cannot be traced to an individual without the cooperation of their Internet Service Provider. These include IP address, referral data, and browser’s user-agent. This information is accepted from the HTTP headers sent when requesting a file. These data are used to manage the site and improve service.
Use of Cookies
Non-personal information may be collected by the BRMC site through “cookies.” “Cookies” are small text files used to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate access and use of the site, track behavior and compile aggregate data. If a visitor does not want information collected by cookies, most browsers allow the visitor to deny cookies. BRMC uses “cookie” technology only to obtain non-personal information to improve online experience.
BRMC may also use “session tokens”, a cryptic number that identifies your browser session to our server. This “session token” is stored in your browser up to 30 minutes after your last activity on our site and may be completely destroyed by closing your browser. This allows the server to continue the “conversation” with you in context of the process or transaction you are involved in. The “session token” does not contain any personally identifiable information; the “session token” is required to use certain systems.
Personally identifiable data are collected only by means of form interfaces on the site, into which the user enters the personal information requested. No cookies or any other tracking technology (other than stated above) are used for the purpose of coordinating information that a user may opt to enter in various interfaces on the site.
Service-related Announcements
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an e-mail. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
Choice/Opt-out
Providing an e-mail address ensures that you will receive notification of transactions involving your account and registrations made by you. If you do not wish to receive them, you may deactivate your account.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes you may update it by logging into www.bsa-brmc.org and editing your profile.
What organization is collecting the information?
Information entered by logged in users is retrieved directly by the Blue Ridge Mountains Council, 2131 Valley View Bld, Roanoke VA, 24019, 540 265-0656.
With whom does the BRMC share the information that is collected?
The BSA permits access to personal information only by authorized and authenticated council members. The personal information collected is not shared with third parties. Reports, statistics, and other analyses of aggregate anonymous information may be shared within the organization or third parties at the sole discretion of the BRMC. This information does not include any personally identifiable information.
Exception: the BRMC reserves the right to use all information at its disposal and to share this information with ISPs and other parties to investigate any incident of misuse or abuse of its site, server, or information systems. Additionally, we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
How does the BRMC maintain the information it collects?
The security of your personal information is important to us. All communications between your browser and our system is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Notice the “Locked” ICON in your browser. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the PII submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. All servers are protected and monitored by firewall technology.
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by e-mail, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Links to Other Sites
If you click on a link to a third-party site, which includes sites for National, unit, and BSA affiliates, you will leave the bsa-brmc.org site. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personally identifiable information by such third parties. If you visit a third-party website, you should read that site’s privacy statement before providing any personal information.
The Blue Ridge Mountains Council, Boy Scouts of America serves 21 Counties and 7 Cities in Southwest, Central, and Southside Virginia. All designs, photographs, text, articles, logos and other media on this website are copyrights or trademarks of Boy Scouts of America and are not to be used, displayed or distributed without express direct consent.
Login
A Scout is trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean and reverent.
Blue Ridge Mountains Council
2131 Valley View Blvd., NW •
Roanoke, VA 24012 •
(540) 265-0656
©
2007 -
2020
Blue Ridge Mountains Council