http://www.grapevinetexasusa.com/privacy-policy/
Main Street
Grapevine, Texas
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This policy describes the City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau, Texas privacy practices regarding information collected from visitors to the official City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau website, www.ci.grapevine.tx.us or www.grapevinetexasusa.com . This policy applies only to this website and does not extend to pages or sites beyond the immediate control of the City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau.
Site Disclaimer
Maintenance of a website or sites by the City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau is for the convenience of the Public and the City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau does not warrant or make representations as to the quality, content, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the information (whether text, graphics, or links to other sites). Such information is subject to change without notice from the City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau as a result of updates, corrections or reconstruction of this site. To the extent legally permissible, commercial use of the materials is prohibited without the written permission of the City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau. All service marks and trademarks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.The links on this and subsequent pages may lead to sites not maintained by the City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau. The presence of these links should not be construed as endorsement of these sites or their content by the City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau. The City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau is not responsible for the content of any such external link.
Use of e-mail and any messaging system shall in no circumstance be deemed to constitute legal notice to the City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau, with respect to any existing or potential claim or cause of action against the city or any of its agencies, officers, employees, agents, or representatives, where notice to the city is required by any federal, state or local laws, ordinances, charter provisions, rules, or regulations. Notice of any claim must be filed in writing to the City Secretary of the City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau, P.O. Box 95104, Grapevine, Texas, 76099.
Links Disclaimer
The City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau are not responsible for the content, quality, accuracy or completeness of any offsite materials referenced by or linked through the City's web site. By using Grapevine's websites, the user acknowledges and accepts that the City is not responsible for any materials stored on other websites, nor is it liable for any inaccurate, defamatory, offensive or illegal materials found on other websites, and that the risk of injury or damage from viewing, hearing, downloading or storing such materials rests entirely with the user. When you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site. The City does not endorse any content, viewpoints, products or service linked from this system, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information.
Information Collected
The City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau collect data each time a visitor enters www.grapevinetexas.gov or www.grapevinetexasusa.com or moves from one page to the next within the website. The information gathered is used for analysis and statistical purposes only and in no way points to individuals. The information gathered falls into the following categories:
Date and time of visit
Type and version of browser used
Type of operating system used
The webpage or services accessed
Which URL was visited prior to coming to the City of Grapevine or the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau website.
The Internet Protocol Address and domain name used. The Internet Protocol Address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly to your computer
The above information is used solely for purposes such as assessing what information is of most interest to users determining technical design specifications, site traffic, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
On this website we collect demographic data from Google's Interest-based advertising with Google Analytics. Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings.
Remarketing / Retargeting Policy
Remarketing or retargeting allows advertisers to show ads to users who have previously visited the advertiser's website as they browse the Web. Third party vendors, including Google, show www.grapevinetexasusa.com ads on sites on the internet. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to www.grapevinetexasusa.com. Google provides information on opting out here: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/. If you would like to be able to opt out from vendors other than Google, more information can be found here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
The City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau do not sell or lease personal information. Information submitted to the City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau may be subject to the Texas Public Information Act and any applicable legislation. Information about the Texas Public Information Act is available from the office of the Texas Attorney General at www.oag.state.tx.us/opinopen/opengovt.htm .
The City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau websites have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this website is strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
The City of Grapevine and the Grapevine Convention & Visitors Bureau reserve the right to change this policy at any time at its sole discretion and without notice.
Featured Events
From:
To:
Restaurants
Learn More