http://www.eastbournescouts.org.uk/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
www.eastbournescouts.org.uk and Eastbourne District Scout Council take the issue of privacy very seriously and we are committed to protecting and respecting our users' privacy. This Privacy Statement sets out our current data processing practices and should be read in conjunction with our terms and conditions.
If you have any queries or concerns regarding these practices, please contact us.
To support our activities, we need to collect and retain certain data. The “General Data Protection Regulation” (GDPR) dictates how we must treat this data, and one of the things it requires is that we publish a Privacy Notice, that describes to you (the “data subject” – the person whose data we hold) what data we hold, and what we do with it. This document is that Privacy Notice.
Data ControllerThe “Data Controller” is the person or organisation responsible for managing the data. For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, the Data Controller is Eastbourne District Scout Council. We can be contacted by clicking the Contact button on the menu above.
Why do we collect data?The information we collect is used to ensure that we provide the best service to our members and site visitors, by enabling us to operate our contact, site registration and event registration systems effectively, and to enable us to communicate with you. We will collect and use your personal data in our legitimate interests (specifically, it helps us to provide our facilities to you, in a safe, effective and appropriate manner).
What data do we hold?We keep data about our members and registered site users. The data includes some or all of the following: name, address, telephone numbers, email address. We do not hold financial data.
Where do we get the data from?In most cases, the information we hold about a data subject is provided by our members and registered site users.
Who has access to the data?The data is generally accessible to designated officers of Eastbourne District Scout Council, and to no one else. We do not share this information with other organisations (unless legally required to do so).
The information is held on a computer system, to ensure that it is readily accessible to everyone that may need it, and that it can easily be kept up to date and accurate. The data is protected by a system of permissions and passwords, to ensure that the data is not accessible to people who should not have access.
How can a subject know what data is held?You may see a copy of the data we hold about you and you may ask that we correct any inaccuracies.
You may ask that we delete the data. However, we may deem that the data (or some of it) should be retained, for example, financial records.
If you want to do either of these things, or if you require any further information, please contact the Data Controller by clicking the Contact button on the menu above.
1. The information we collect
The only circumstances in which we will provide any of your personal data to a third party for non commercial purposes are those contained in this Privacy Policy.
2. Registration information
When you register/book online with www.eastbournescouts.org.uk, we ask for your name, email address, address, telephone numbers. We usually also capture your IP address at the time you register.
3. Sharing of data
We will not share data supplied by you. We do not store credit card details nor do we share details with any third parties.
4. Advertising
www.eastbournescouts.org.uk may include interactive advertising for other businesses as part of the site operation.
5. Legal jurisdiction
All personal information and details are held on and processed by computers situated in the United Kingdom.
6. Further information
www.eastbournescouts.org.uk will as part of it's normal operation send out information emails. Members can choose to opt out of these emails at any time using the links provided.
7. Disclosure of data by order of a Court and Security
We reserve the right to communicate a Member's personal information as we hold to third parties who are empowered by regulation, statute or order of a court.
We have security measures in place to protect our customer database. Access to this database is restricted internally. However, it remains each person's responsibility:
to keep their password secret
to protect against unauthorised access to your personal details
to log off from the www.bushywood.org.ukservice when not using it; and
to ensure against use by anyone else of the www.eastbournescouts.org.uk service through the machine that the person uses while they are "logged on" to the   www.eastbournescouts.org.uk service
to search and obtain only the data specifically required and allowed for relating to their role.
8. Use of cookies by eastbournescouts.org.uk
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
First Party
n/a
These cookies are only used internally by the site itself, no information is retrieved or shared.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
9. The Data Protection act
You can obtain further information about data protection laws by visiting the Information Commissioner's website at http://ico.org.uk/for_organisations/data_protection.
10. Contacting www.bushywood.org.uk
If you want to contact us to raise any questions about this privacy statement, or any general matters relating to www.bushywood.org.uk, you can contact us via the contact link on the website.
Please use this contact method if you wish to request from us a copy of the personal data we hold about you. Please note that under English law we are entitled to charge you a fee for providing this service.
11. Google Analytics
Visitors to this website who have javascript enabled are tracked using Google Analytics. Google Analytics collects the following types of information from users:
Type of user agent (web browser) used, software manufacture and version number.
Type of operating system
Screen colors (color processing ability of the users screen)
Javascript support
Flash version
Screen resolution
Network location and IP address
Can include country, city, state, region, county, or any other geographic data.
Hostname
Bandwidth (internet connection speed)
Time of visit
Pages visited
Time spent on each page of the website
Referring site statistics
The website (URI) the user came through in order to arrive at this website (example: clicking on a hyperlink from Yahoo.com that took the user to this website)
Search engine query used (example: typing in a phrase into a search engine like Google, and clicking on a link from that search engine)
This data is only used to optimise our website for our visitors.This data DOES NOT include any personalised identification information such as:
Names
Phone numbers
Email addresses
Mailing addresses
Bank account numbers
Credit card information
Joomla SEF URLs by Artio