https://www.wired2theworld.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - wired2theworld
Skip to content
wired2theworld
Travel, around the world.
Menu
Home
About
Destinations
Africa
Asia
Central America
Europe
South America
United States
Around The World 1998-99
Packing
How To Pack Carry-On Only For Any Length Trip
Egypt; a Packing Guide and Tips for Female Travelers
Travel Tips
Travel Tip: How to Avoid ATMs with Predatory Fees
Travel Tips
Golden Rules of Travel With Friends
Travel Insurance
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.wired2theworld.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your data
If you have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Please contact wired2theworld@dslextreme.com
Additional information
This site will never sell or share your data. It will never ask for credit card info and is solely for the purpose of sharing information.
This site also uses affiliate links. These are at no additional cost to you but can help support this blog with a small percentage back to us from the affiliated company.
This privacy policy is subject to change without notice.
Coming Soon!
Next Up:
Scotland 2018
Ireland 2019
Spain 2019
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address
Subscribe
Follow on Twitter!My TweetsTop Posts & Pages
Travel Tip: How to Avoid ATMs with Predatory Fees
A First Timer's Guide to Planning a Trip to Egypt
Agropoli, Italy
Japan Travel Resources and Links
Of Buffalo Mozzarella and the Kindness of Strangers
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Around the World  (8)
Destinations  (274)
Africa  (13)
Egypt  (7)
Morocco  (5)
Asia  (99)
Burma  (16)
Cambodia  (29)
China  (16)
Hong Kong  (11)
Indonesia  (2)
Japan  (22)
Laos  (6)
Macau  (2)
Malaysia  (2)
Nepal  (4)
Taiwan  (2)
Thailand  (13)
Vietnam  (3)
Central America  (15)
Costa Rica  (1)
Honduras  (1)
Panama  (12)
Europe  (98)
Central Europe  (1)
France  (13)
Holland  (1)
Italy  (52)
Spain  (4)
Switzerland  (1)
Turkey  (14)
United Kingdom  (18)
Mexico  (1)
South America  (19)
Peru  (18)
South Pacific  (5)
Australia  (2)
Fiji  (2)
New Zealand  (3)
USA  (18)
Boston  (2)
Chicago  (2)
Hawaii  (2)
San Francicsco  (5)
Seattle  (1)
Featured  (1)
Reviews  (24)
Travel Tips  (44)
Packing  (9)
Photo Friday  (5)
Planning  (18)
Tips  (15)
Kristina’s Food Blog:
Privacy PolicyTo read our Privacy Policy, please go here:
Privacy PolicyHow many days until the next adventure?Cambodia, Again!January 27, 2020Can't come soon enough...Looking for Something? Search Here!
Search for:
Follow via Bloglovin’!FollowSocialView wired2theworld’s profile on FacebookView wired2theworld’s profile on TwitterView wired2theworld’s profile on InstagramView gourmetsuitcase’s profile on Pinterest
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: Dyad 2 by WordPress.com.