https://www.roadtrips.com/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 Travel Update: Our Commitment to Clients & Travel Updates  Learn More
Effective June 21, 2018
Who Are We?
9878700 Canada Inc dba Roadtrips (“Company”) is a global travel services company that provides customized luxury sports travel packages and offers other travel related services. In order to deliver your services, it is necessary for us to collect and process your personal information. We care about your privacy. This Privacy Policy (sometimes just called the “policy”) explains the policies and practices we follow to protect your personal information that we hold. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you either through your use of our Company website at https://www.roadtrips.com/ (the “Site”) or through other means. The server(s) that make(s) this Site available may be located outside the country from which you accessed this Site, but we will collect, process and use personal information only in accordance with this policy and as required by local law in the places in which we operate. As we are located in Canada, we shall adhere to Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), as well as any other applicable law.
Our European Union Privacy Policy can be found in the “European Union Privacy Notice“ section of this document. That Notice supplements the provisions of the main part of this policy, which also applies to European residents.
Contacting Us
To get more information about Company’s privacy and information security practices, or if you (a) have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy; (b) wish to make corrections to any personal information you have provided; (c) want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence, including emails, from us or our affiliated companies; or (d) wish to withdraw your consent to sharing your personal information with others, contact us as follows:
By Email: privacy@roadtrips.com
Or by mail:
700-191 Lombard Ave
Winnipeg, MB
Canada
R3B 0X1
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
We collect your personal information, and that of your travel companions, that is provided to us either directly by you or through an employer or travel agent as the case may be, in order to provide you with the products and services you have requested. In most cases, it consists of
• Full Legal Name
• Email address
• Postal address
• Phone number
• Credit card number or other payment information
We may collect other information to assist you with your travel plans including but not limited to, passport number, driver’s license or other government-issued identification number, date of birth, gender, arrival and departure locations and times, airline, hotel or car rental frequent loyalty numbers, known traveler and global entry number, and other related travel information.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
We collect other information, such as your IP address, search terms, and site pages you visit while on our Site, whenever you visit our Site, use our services, or view our online advertisements. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include cookies and log data.
You can learn more about how we use cookie data by reviewing our Cookie Policy which can be found in the “Cookie Policy“ section of this document.
Whenever you use a website, mobile application, or other internet service, certain information is created and retained by the website or application. This happens with our Site as well. We collect technical information when you use our Site, or information that has been made anonymous, such as:
• Log data: Our servers automatically record information when you use our Site, such as your IP address, the type of browser you are using and its settings, the third party website you visited immediately prior to accessing our Site, the operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, the search terms you use on our Site, the specific Site pages you visit, type of product selected, the brand, order, and product identifications, and the duration of your visits.
• Cookie data: A “cookie” is data that a website server stores on your computer. Cookies enable websites to recognize your computer and to “remember” your entries as you move from page to page, or even when you revisit the site from time to time using the same computer.
We may also collect information pertinent to the marketing of our products and services. This information may include marketing channels, User Market IDs (CenterPoint, TNMP, etc.), Site brands and product names, contract terms, financial information and other information.
We collect and analyze this information to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our Site, to evaluate how visitors use our Site and to provide you with advertisements that are relevant and useful to you, unless you have told us not to. We also use the information we collect to understand customer needs and trends, to carry out targeted promotional activities, and to generally help us make our Site more useful to visitors.
We may use your Site data by itself or aggregate it with similar information we have obtained from others. We may share your Site data with our affiliates and other third parties to achieve these objectives. You may obtain a list of our affiliates and third parties with whom we share your Site data by contacting us at the address above.
We reserve the right to use Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Site’s Terms and Conditions, or to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Site, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Site’s users or the general public.
How We Use Your Information.
If you are a customer, an agent, an employee, or a job applicant, the personal information we hold and use is necessary for the performance of the services contract or independent contractor or other agreement to which you are a party or to perform the services you have otherwise requested.
If you are a prospective customer, the personal information we collect and use is necessary for our legitimate interest in providing you with information about the services we offer, and about which you have expressed an interest or that we believe will be of benefit to you. Where appropriate, we will obtain your consent at the time we communicate with you.
In some cases, our purpose for collecting the information is because you have expressly consented to our collection and use of your personal information.
We collect your personal information for a variety of reasons. You may provide the information to us directly, or through a tool or product provided by Company or another organization to your employer in the case of our business clients. We collect your personal information, such as name, address, email address, phone number, and credit card information in order to provide the services you have requested. Other examples of personal information that we collect include:
• From employment applicants, we or our service provider will collect contact and identification information, such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, date and place of birth, driver’s license number and employment and salary information;
• From travel customers, we may also request information such as your passport and known traveler information, vendor loyalty programs, and other information as deemed necessary by the service provider to fulfill your request, to permit us to provide other ancillary travel services to you and to manage your travel experience.; and
• From business customers, customer relationship information, such as business contact information.
Doing Business with You. We use the personal information we have collected to allow us to evaluate your employment application, to provide the products and services you have chosen, process payments, or to manage and develop our business and operations, including:
• Establishing, managing and terminating business relations with you;
• Reviewing the products and services that we provide to you;
• Informing you of our products and services other than those that you have specifically requested;
• Informing you of products and services carefully selected third parties may wish to offer you;
• Responding to your comments or requests for information;
• Investigating and preventing fraudulent activities, unauthorized access to the services and other illegal activities;
• Protecting us against error, fraud, theft, and damage to our goods and property;
• Enabling us to comply with applicable law or regulatory requirements;
• For any other purposes about which we notify customers and users; and
• For any other reasonable business purpose to which you consent.
Email communications: If you send us an email with questions or comments, we may use your email address to respond to your questions or comments, and we may save your questions or comments for future reference. We may email you when:
• You have applied for employment with us;
• You request information about our company;
• It relates to purchases you have made from us (e.g., product updates, customer support, etc.);
• You consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose.
• We are sending you information about our other products and services, offers, promotions and our newsletters, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt out of such communications at any time. See the ‘Your Choices’ section below.
Our practices with regards to our email are designed to be compliant with anti-spam laws, specifically the law unofficially called “CASL”, or Canada’s Anti-Spam Law. If you believe you have received email in violation of this law, please contact us using the contact information further up in this policy.
How Do We Use Preference Based Advertising, Analytics, and Services?
We currently use certain advertising and remarketing features to show you advertisements around the web based on your preferences. The advertising programs are described below, with links to assist you in opting out of such advertisements if you so choose.
Google AdWords and DoubleClick
Company uses Google AdWords, a web analytics and search engine advertising campaign management service. Google AdWords uses cookies, web beacons, and other means to help Companhy analyze how users use the site. You may find Google’s Privacy Statement at https://www.google.ca/policies/privacy/.
We use remarketing codes to log when users view specific pages, allowing us to provide targeted advertising in the future. DoubleClick is part of the Google network and you may find Google’s Privacy Policy at https://www.google.ca/policies/privacy/.
You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings at http://www.google.com/settings/ads and opt out of third party networks by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Facebook Remarketing
We use Facebook remarketing codes to log when users view pages on our website, allowing us to provide targeted Facebook advertising in the future. You may find Facebook’s Privacy Policy at https://www.facebook.com/policy.php. If you do not wish Facebook to tailor ads for you based on your visits to websites such as ours, you can learn how to opt out at https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.
Twitter Remarketing
We use Twitter remarketing codes to log when users view pages on our website, allowing us to provide targeted Twitter advertising in the future. You may find Twitter’s Privacy Policy at https://twitter.com/privacy. If you do not wish Twitter to tailor ads for you based on your visits to websites such as ours, you can learn how to opt out at https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405.
Who Else Do We Share Your Information with and Why?
We may share your personal information with one or several of our business partners to make an initial determination of the services you may need, to process your employment application, or to otherwise facilitate our business operations. We also share your personal information as necessary with airlines, hotels and other providers for whose services you have requested our assistance. We may also share your information to protect and defend the rights and property of Company.
Third Party Providers: We may use third parties to assist in processing your employment applications, fulfilling your service requests, or providing other important information to you. We require all such service providers to act in compliance with this Privacy Policy. We may also share your personal information with third parties, including our affiliates, or with employees, agents, consultants and other parties who require the information to assist us to establish, maintain and manage our business relationship with you. Further, we may share your personal information with our partners and affiliates to promote other services to you that you might like or to show you ads in which you might be interested.
Email Communications: We may share your email contact information with our partners to assist with marketing our products and services. You may unsubscribe from receiving future commercial email communications from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of any marketing emails we send, or by emailing us as provided in the “Contact Us” section above. However, we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer service communications in connection with the products or services you have purchased. For security reasons, we do not recommend that you send personal information, such as passwords, social security numbers, or bank account information, to us by email.
Transfer of Assets: We do not sell or lease personal information or provide a list of our customers to third parties. However, as we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all (or substantially all) of our assets, the information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Legal Necessity: Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, we reserve the right to disclose any information about you if we are required to do so by law, with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims, or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, or our Site; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Site’s users or the general public.
What Choices Do You Have About Our Use of Your Information?
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
• Cookies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. You can also click here to open our website’s Cookies Preference Center.
• Your Contact Information. If you have previously emailed us and would like us to delete your contact information from our files, please contact us at the email address above.
• Other Information. If at any point you believe the personal information we hold about you is incorrect, you want us to correct or delete that information, or you no longer want us to hold that information or contact you, you can contact us at the email address above.
You may have additional rights concerning your personal information if you reside in the European Union. These can be found in the “European Union Privacy Notice” section of this document.
Accuracy of Personal Information: It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Company requires you to keep us informed of changes to your personal information. If your registration information changes, please send your request to us at the email address below. We take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to honoring any such requests to help protect your privacy and security.
Accessing Your Personal Information: If you want to know what personal information Company holds about you or wish to change personal information that is inaccurate or out of date, or to withdraw your consent to our use of your personal information, please contact us at the email address below. It may not always be possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases, although we will make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request. We do not control how our partners retain, store and destroy data they have accessed in connection with assisting with providing our services. You should check their websites for more information on their practices.
Do Not Track Disclosures: Certain browsers may offer you the option of providing notice to websites that you do not wish for your online activities to be tracked for preference-based advertising purposes (“DNT Notice”). Some browsers are, by default, set to provide a DNT Notice, whether or not that reflects your preference. Providing DNT Notice is often touted as a means to ensure that cookies, web beacons and similar technology are not used for preference-based advertising purposes – that is, to restrict the collection of information your online activities for advertising purposes. Unfortunately, given how preference-based advertising works, DNT Notices may not effectively accomplish this goal. For this and a variety of other reasons, with respect to our Site, we do not take any particular action based on browser based DNT Notices. However, we do not use third-party advertisers or engage in behavioral marketing data collection for resale. Rather, if you do not wish to participate in preference-based advertising activities, you should follow the opt-out process identified above.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the State of California, you have certain rights under California law to request information concerning our data sharing activities with third parties.
Residents of the State of California, under certain provisions of the California Civil Code, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third party direct marketing purposes. You may request the information in writing at the email address below. You may learn more about your rights under California’s privacy laws at https://oag.ca.gov/privacy.
You can use the button below to update your cookie preferences at any time.
Change Cookie Preferences
Safeguarding Personal Information
We take the security of your information very seriously. We have implemented industry-standard security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. To help ensure the confidentiality of your personal information, it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off / log out when finished using a shared computer.
Company will endeavor to safeguard personal information using methods that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the personal information under our control. However, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personal information. In the unfortunate event that your information is compromised, we may notify you by e-mail or Canada Post mail to the last e-mail address or postal address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances, or as otherwise required by applicable law. We may delay notification as necessary while we take measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to our system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement. From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information, and when appropriate, we upgrade our information security systems.
Privacy of Children’s Information
Our Site is not directed to children. We do not sell products or services for purchase by children. We will not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at the email address below. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child’s personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use of that information.
Linked Sites
This Policy does not apply to your use of unaffiliated websites to which our Site is linked. Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on linked sites. We recommend that you carefully read the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Sole Statement
This Privacy Policy as posted on this Site is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Site, and no summary, modification, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Site.
Changes to This Policy
Company may from time to time make changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in legal or regulatory obligations or changes in the manner in which we deal with personal information. We will post any revised version of this Privacy Policy on our Site. Any changes will be effective on the effective date stated in the revised Privacy Policy. If there are significant changes we may provide more prominent notice or obtain your consent as required by law. If you do not wish to accept the changes, you should cease using the Site. Your continued use of the Site after we have posted a revised Privacy Policy indicates your agreement to the revisions.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 21, 2018.
************************
European Union Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice applies to our processing of personal data of EU residents that is covered by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and is a supplement to our Privacy Policy.
Who We Are
9878700 Canada Inc dba Roadtrips (“Company”) is a travel services business with principle offices located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Company is the “controller” (as that term is defined in the GDPR) of your personal data that we have collected.
Personal Data
Personal Data is a legal term that describes any information that identifies a particular person and has special meaning under European Union law.
For purposes of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), personal data is any information that can identify you, either directly or indirectly, such as a name, an identification number, your IP address, data about your location, or information about your physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
We are providing you this notice because we have collected some of your personal data from you. We collect your data for a variety of reasons, depending on whether you are an employee, a customer, an agent or a vendor.
What is the Legal Basis and Purpose for Holding Your Personal Information?
If you are a customer, an employee, or a job applicant, the personal information we hold and use is necessary for the performance of the services contract to which you are a party or to perform the services which you have otherwise requested.
If you are a prospective customer, the personal information we collect and use is necessary for our legitimate interest in providing you with information about the services we offer and about which you have expressed an interest or that we believe will be of benefit to you.
In some cases, our legal basis for collecting your personal data is because you have expressly consented to our collection and use of your personal information.
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Data?
If you are a customer, applicant for employment, vendor or agent, we will keep your personal data on an ongoing basis for so long as we have a legitimate interest to inform you of our services, or until our contractual relationship has terminated, as the case may be. We are required to retain certain information in accordance with the law, such as information needed for income tax and audit purposes. How long certain kinds of personal data should be kept may also be governed by specific business-sector requirements and agreed practices.
Your Rights as a Data Subject
You have important rights that you may exercise to protect your personal data. You may access those rights at any time by contacting us at privacy@roadtrips.com.
You have the following rights concerning your personal data that we hold and process that you can exercise at any time:
• Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
• Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
• Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
• Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply you have a right to restrict the processing of your data.
• Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
• Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
• Right to lodge a complaint: if Company refuses your request under rights of access or other rights, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain as outlined in the process below.
• Right to judicial remedy – the right to file proceedings in a court where you live, if your rights have been violated.
Please note: we will not be able to delete information that is required to maintain our business purpose or that is required to facilitate your contract with us or to perform the services you have otherwise requested from us. All the above requests will be forwarded on to other parties holding and processing your data where appropriate.
For more information about your personal data rights please visit the Information Commissioner Office for the United Kingdom’s website at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/.
What forms of ID will I need to provide to access this?
Company accepts the following forms of ID and validation when information on your personal data is requested: You will need to send an email from the email address account associated with your personal data as stored on Company’s systems.
Under what Circumstances will Company Contact me?
Our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the information you provide will be subject to rigorous measures and procedures to minimize the risk of unauthorized access or disclosure.
Consent
For certain types of personal data, we have asked for your consent to use the data for certain described purposes at the time you provided it. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
When you give us your consent, you are giving us permission to process your personal data specifically for the purpose identified in the consent request. Where we ask you for additional personal data, we will obtain your consent to our proposed use of that data where required, and always tell you why and how the information will be used.
You may withdraw consent at any time by sending an email to privacy@roadtrips.com.
Sharing with Third Parties
We may pass your personal data on to third-party service providers contracted by Company to perform certain services for us, or to collaborate directly with you. For a complete and up-to-date list of the third parties we are currently using, please send an email to privacy@roadtrips.com.
Any third parties that we may share your data with are obliged to keep your details secure, and to use them only for the purposes and to complete the tasks identified by Company. When they no longer need your data to fulfil this service, they will dispose of the details in line with Company’s procedures. If we wish to pass your personal data onto any additional third parties, we will only do so once we have obtained your consent, unless we are legally required to do otherwise.
International Transfer of Personal Data
Company may transfer your personal information within Company and/or to other third parties, such as our third-party service providers. Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country other than the one in which it was collected. This may include Canada and the United States. When we do so, we transfer the information in compliance with applicable data protection laws. In particular, for personal data transferred to the United States, we have implemented safeguards in the form of standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission. The safeguards ensure compliance with the data protection requirements of the GDPR as well as your rights appropriate to the processing of your personal data. You can obtain a copy of the standard contractual clauses by contacting us at privacy@roadtrips.com. Your personal data can be transferred to Canada as Canada has been determined to have an “adequate level of protection” for your personal data under European data protection law.
Safeguarding Personal Data
Please refer to the “Safeguarding Personal Information” section above for information about our data security measures.
Who Do I Contact to Lodge a Complaint About How My Personal Data Is Being Handled?
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we handle your personal data, you can contact our Privacy Officer as follows:
By Email: privacy@roadtrips.com
If you are not satisfied with the response received or the actions taken by our Privacy Officer, or if you would like to make a complaint directly about our data practises, we invite you to contact the supervisory authority in your country. If you are in the U.K., for example, you should contact the Information Commissioner’s Office who is the supervisory authority. You can reach them in a variety of ways, including by phone (0303 123 1113 in the UK) and mail (Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF).
************************
COOKIE POLICY
To make this Site work properly and to improve your user experience, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies for the following purposes:
• Assisting you in navigation of our sites
• To help you provide feedback to us
• Analysing your use of our products, services or applications
• Facilitate the offering of our services on the Site
• To customize content presented to you on the Site
We use the following cookies and classify cookies in the following categories:
1. Strictly necessary cookies
2. Advertising cookies
3. Analytics cookies
4. Performance cookies
5. Session cookies
6. Targeting cookies
You can opt-out of each cookie category (except strictly necessary cookies).
Cookie Privacy Setting
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Site will then not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies are placed on your computer by advertisers and ad servers in order to display advertisements that are most likely to be of interest to you. These cookies allow advertisers and ad servers to gather information about your visits to the Site and other websites, alternate the ads sent to a specific computer, and track how often an ad has been viewed and by whom. These cookies are linked to a computer and do not gather any personal information about you.
Analytics Cookies
Analytics cookies monitor how users reached the Site, and how they interact with and move around once on the Site. These cookies let us know what features on the Site are working the best and what features on the Site can be improved.
Personalization Cookies
Personalization cookies are used to recognize repeat visitors to the Site. We use these cookies to record your browsing history, the pages you have visited, and your settings and preferences each time you visit the Site.
Security Cookies
Security cookies help identify and prevent security risks. We use these cookies to authenticate users and protect user data from unauthorized parties.
Site Management Cookies
Site management cookies are used to maintain your identity or session on the Site so that you are not logged off unexpectedly, and any information you enter is retained from page to page. These cookies cannot be turned off individually, but you can disable all cookies in your browser.
Third-Party Cookies
Third-party cookies may be placed on your computer when you visit the Site by companies that run certain services we offer. These cookies allow the third parties to gather and track certain information about you. These cookies can be manually disabled in your browser.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our Site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Example: A number of our pages use cookies to remember:
• your display preferences, such as contrast colour settings or font size
• if you have already replied to a survey pop-up that asks you if the content was helpful or not (so you won’t be asked again)
• if you have agreed (or not) to our use of cookies on this Site
Also, some videos embedded in our pages use a cookie to anonymously gather statistics on how you got there and what videos you visited.
Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the Site to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this Site may not work as intended. The cookie-related information is not used to identify you personally and the pattern data is fully under our control. These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described here.
Cookie List
* This list is updated automatically on a daily basis and could be subject to change without notice.
How to control cookies
You can click here to open our website’s Cookies Preference Center and choose which cookies you would like to enable or disable.
You can always see what cookies are on your computer or device and delete, disable or block them through your browser or operating system settings. You can refer to their help section for instructions, but here are instructions for the most commonly-used browsers and operating systems:
• Google Chrome
• Mozilla Firefox
• Microsoft Edge
• Microsoft Internet Explorer
• Opera
• Apple Safari
• iOS
Please note that deleting or blocking Company’s or third-party cookies may reduce your user experience by requiring you to re-enter certain information, including information required to use our services. Furthermore, deleting certain cookies may prevent certain functions from working at all. Deleting strictly necessary cookies will prevent you from using our services.
What's your ultimate sports event?
Search
Need More Winter Games Information?
Download Our Brochure
Need More Super Bowl Information?
Download Our Brochure
Need More Masters Information?
Download Our Brochure
Need More Monaco Grand Prix Information?
Download Our Brochure
Need More Kentucky Derby Information?
Download Our Brochure