https://www.greenslipcalculator.com.au/privacy-policy/
This Privacy Policy sets out our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal information that we collect through this website: www.greenslipcalculator.com.au (Site) or directly from you.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. Please contact us if you have any questions – our contact details are at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Please read our Website Terms of Use which is available on the Site. By agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you agree to accept our Website Terms of Use.
You providing us with personal information indicates that you have had sufficient opportunity to access this Privacy Policy and that you have read and accepted it.
If you do not wish to provide personal information to us, then you do not have to do so, however it may affect your use of this Site or any products and services offered on it.
1. Collection of personal information
Personal Information: The type of information we collect may include:
name;
contact details including email address, address and telephone number;
marital status and anniversary;
date of birth;
demographic information such as postcode;
preferences and opinions; and
any other information requested on this Site or otherwise requested by us or provided by you.
Your use of our Site: As with most online businesses, we may log information about your access and use of our Site, including through the use of Internet cookies, your communications with our Site, the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using and the domain name of your Internet service provider.
Your opinion and feedback: We may contact you to voluntarily respond to questionnaires, surveys or market research to seek your opinion and feedback. Providing this information is optional to you.
If we receive your personal information from third parties, we will protect it as set out in this Privacy Policy.
2. Use of personal information
We collect and use the information for purposes including:
to contact and communicate with you;
for internal record keeping;
for market research and business development including website development;
for marketing including direct marketing by us or third parties;
to run competitions or offer additional benefits to you;
to send you reminders, including to re-visit the Site;
for us or third parties to send you newsletters, promotions or product information; and
to send you promotional information about third parties that we think may be of interest to you.
3. Disclosure of personal information
We may disclose now or in the future, personal information:
to third parties (with or without a fee) including but not limited to our clients, who would like to promote their products and services and directly market to you, and to marketers and list promoters;
to third parties, including agents or sub-contractors, for the purpose of providing information, products, services or marketing to you;
to third parties who provide a service including web designers and developers, database managers and hosting companies; and
to courts, tribunals, regulatory authorities and law enforcement officers as required by law, in connection with any actual or prospective legal proceedings, or in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
Where we disclose your personal information to third parties for these purposes, we will request that the third party follow this Privacy Policy regarding handling of your personal information.
If there is a change of control of our business or a sale or transfer of business assets, we reserve the right to transfer to the extent permissible by law our user databases, together with any personal information and non-personal information contained in those databases. This information may be disclosed to a potential purchaser.
4. Your rights and controlling your personal information
Choice and Consent: Providing us with your personal information is optional to you. You can choose not to provide personal information. When you provide us with your personal information, you consent to the terms in this Privacy Policy, and to us disclosing or receiving your personal information for these purposes.
Restrict: You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us at the email address listed in this Privacy Policy.
Access: You may request details of personal information that we hold about you, in certain circumstances set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Act). An administrative fee may be payable for the provision of information. We may refuse to provide you with information that we hold about you, in certain circumstances set out in the Act.
Correction: If you believe that any information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please contact us by email. We rely in part upon customers advising us when their personal information changes. We will respond to any request within a reasonable time. We will endeavour to promptly correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date.
Complaints: If you believe that we have breached the Australian Privacy Principles and wish to make a complaint about that breach, please contact us by email setting out details of the breach. We will promptly investigate your complaint and respond to you in writing setting out the outcome of our investigation, what steps we propose to take to remedy the breach and any other action we will take to deal with your complaint.
Unsubscribe: To unsubscribe from our e-mail database, or opt out of communications, please contact us using the contact details below.
5. Storage and Security
We are committed to ensuring that the information you provide is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information and protect it from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
No information transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure. We cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us, or receive from us. The transmission and exchange of information is carried out at your own risk. Although we take measures to safeguard against unauthorised disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personal information that we collect will not be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
6. Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies on this Site from time to time. Cookies are text files placed in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information. However, once you choose to furnish the Site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We may use web beacons on this Site from time to time. Web beacons or clear .gifs are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the visitors’ behaviour and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons can be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page.
7. Links to other websites
Our Site may contain links to other websites of interest. We do not have any control over those websites. We are not responsible for or liable for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such websites, and such websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
8. Amendments
This Privacy Policy may be amended, including with changes, additions and deletions, from time to time in our sole discretion. Your continued use of our Site following any amendments indicates that you accept the amendments. You should check this Privacy Policy regularly, prior to providing personal information, to ensure you are aware of any changes, and only proceed to provide personal information if you accept the new Privacy Policy.
For any questions or notice, please contact us at:
greenslips.com.au Pty Ltd
ABN 81 130 177 696
Suite 1201, 66 King Street, Sydney, NSW 2000
Phone: 02 9262 1811
Email: contact@greenslipcalculator.com.au