http://www.greyhounds4u.co.uk/terms.html
Greyhounds 4 U
Call us now on: 0787 961 5471homing@greyhounds4u.co.ukSearch our website:
Home
News and Events
About G4U
The team
Our qualifications
Testimonials
About Greyhounds
Terms & Conditions of Adoption
De-training Greyhounds To Live With Cats
Frequently asked questions
10 Facts About Greyhounds
Diet and Nutrition for Greyhounds
Greyhound Homeopathy
Greyhound Flower Remedies
Greyhound Massage
Greyhounds and Muzzles
Help Us
Adopt a retired Greyhound
Fundraising for us
Foster a Greyhound
Make a donation
Shop
Contact us
Web links
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions for Greyhounds For You
Visitors to the Greyhounds For You website are required to accept the following terms and conditions in return for the information given to them on this website.In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:While Greyhounds For You strives to provide only accurate and sensible information on its main website, branch websites (both internally hosted and externally hosted), and social media sites, there may be occasions when the opinions or statements expressed do not reflect those of the G4U volunteers.  Comments or images that are posted to the G4U social media pages by any party that could be considered inappropriate for readers of all ages or confrontational/aggressive, might be deleted.  Repeated actions may result in users being banned.  By posting to these pages, you accept these terms. Privacy StatementWe are committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized employees within the company on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual adopters. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service. Parliament has created specific offences for unauthorised actions against computer systems and data. We will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible.ConfidentialityWe are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and as such, any information concerning the Client and their respective Client Records may be passed to third parties. However, Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other than [our manufacturer/supplier(s) and] if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. Clients have the right to request sight of, and copies of any and all Client Records we keep, on the proviso that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. Clients are requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services. Where appropriate, we shall issue Client’s with appropriate written information, handouts or copies of records as part of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties.We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.DisclaimerExclusions and Limitations The information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this Company:excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Company’s literature; and excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages. This Company does not however exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence. The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected. PaymentCash, personal cheque or BACS transfer are all acceptable methods of payment. Our Terms are payment in full upon the day your adoption begins. All adopted Greyhounds remain the property of G4U.  Returned cheques will incur a £25 charge to cover banking fees and administrative costs. In an instance of a second returned cheque, we reserve the right to terminate the arrangement and, if agreed to, we shall insist on future cash transactions only. Consequently, all bookings and/or transactions and agreements entered into will cease with immediate effect until such time as any and all outstanding monies are recovered in full.   Termination of Agreements Both the Client and ourselves have the right to terminate any Services Agreement for any reason, including the ending of services that are already underway  No refunds shall be offered, where a Service is deemed to have begun and is, for all intents and purposes, underway. Any monies that have been paid to us which constitute payment in respect of the provision of unused Services, shall be refunded.Availability Unless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are only available within the United Kingdom, or in relation to postings from the United Kingdom. All advertising is intended solely for the United Kingdom market. You are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any downloads, programs and text available through this site. Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of the Company. The Company does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify G4U, its team, volunteers and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.Site and Service Updates:We may send the user site and service announcement updates. Customers are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.Log FilesWe use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this Company on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission.CookiesLike most interactive web sites the G4U website uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.Links to this website You may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.Links from this website We do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Company will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.Copyright Notice Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to G4U and the full content of this website. CommunicationYou can find contact details for G4U. from our our Contact Us page on our website. GeneralThe laws of England and Wales govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website [and using our services/buying our products] you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply. Failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorised representatives of the Company.Notification of ChangesG4U reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers’ Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail or postal mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basisThese terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a adoption or agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.    © Greyhounds For You 2016 All Rights Reserved
Terms & Conditions / Privacy Policy © Greyhounds 4U 2018Site map
Follow Greyhounds 4 U on Facebook
Site design - Emma's Planet