https://www.mapsonstamps.org/about/cps_data_privacy_policy/
Home
News & Events
News & Announcements
Society Events
Projects
Maps on Stamps Checklist
Journal Indexing Project
Map Stamp Scanning
Publications
The New CartoPhilatelist
TCNP Tables of Contents
Issues 69 – 72, 2020
Issues 65 – 68, 2019
Issues 61 – 64, 2018
Issues 57 – 60, 2017
Issues 53 – 56, 2016
Issues 49 – 52, 2015
Issues 45 – 48, 2014
Issues 41 – 44, 2013
Issues 37 – 40, 2012
Issues 33 – 36, 2011
Issues 29 – 32, 2010
Issues 25 – 28, 2009
Issues 21 – 24, 2008
Issues 17 – 20, 2007
Issues 13 – 16, 2006
Issues 9 – 12, 2005
Issues 5 – 8, 2004
Issues 1 – 4, 2003
TNCP Archive (Members Only)
Occasional Publications
OP #1 America on the Map
Cumulative Tables of Contents
CP Archive (Members Only)
Resources
New Issues
Marginalia: Notes About Map Stamps
Books of Interest
Useful Links
Join the CartoPhilatelists
About
Our History
Data Privacy Policy
Society Officers
Contact Us
By EmailBy RSS
CartoPhilatelic Society Policy for Handling Your Personal Data – May 25, 2018 Download
Data Privacy Policy - 20180525 as a PDF
1         Background
1.1       Who are we
The CartoPhilatelic Society (CPS) is a membership-based philatelic study group founded in 1955 and based in the USA to research, discuss, and promote the collecting of maps on stamps (cartophilately).
1.2       How is the CPS managed
The CPS is managed by volunteers.  As defined in the bylaws of the CPS, members elect a group of Officers who in turn appoint a Journal Editor, Checklist Editor, and website administrator (web admin). In addition, past presidents who choose to remain active in their support of current CPS matters are also included in this group. In this document, this aforementioned list of people, both elected, appointed and past presidents, are collectively referred to as “the Officers.”
1.3       What do we do
The CPS publishes The New CartoPhilatelist (Journal), a quarterly journal delivered to members. In addition to the Journal, the CPS also produces other publications for sale. The CPS maintains the Maps on Stamps Checklist, a comprehensive global listing of over 39,000 maps on stamps. The Journal, other publications and the CPS website are collectively referred to as “CPS publications.” Receiving the Journal is a benefit of membership. The CPS also carries out research activities, discussions and participates in events to promote cartophilately and the larger philatelic hobby in general.
1.4       What is your relationship with us
Becoming a member of the CPS is a voluntary action, initiated directly by you.
Additionally, when you become a member of the CPS, you must pay a dues amount for the requested delivery format of the Journal you wish to subscribe to, and finally, you must agree to the policies, terms, and conditions listed in this document.  However, for various reasons, you may choose not to agree, at which time your member registration will not be processed.
Some of the policies, terms, and conditions listed in this document grant specific permissions to the CPS to collect and manage your basic personal information (data) so that we can fulfill our obligation to provide specific services that are a benefit of membership, while others specify what rights and options are available to you as a member. The CPS requests only a minimum amount of personal information.
You are considered to be an active member, in good standing, if you have paid your dues for the current term.  In this document, active members in good standing are referred to as “members” of the CPS. Members who are not in good standing, because of various reasons described in subclause 6.3, are collectively referred to as “past members” of the CPS.
2         What data are collected
2.1       Membership categories
There are two types of membership categories in the CPS.
Hardcopy members: have paid to receive the print version of the CPS journal (printed journal) by physical shipment
Digital members: have paid to receive the digital version of the CPS journal delivered through email as a link to a downloadable file (PDF journal)
2.2       Hardcopy members:
For the hardcopy membership category, the CPS collects the following data:
Name [required]
Physical mailing/contact address including street name and number; post box; city; postal code; state/province; country; [required]
Email address [optional]
Dues paid to the CPS, including date and the amount paid [calculated]
2.3       Digital members:
For the digital membership category, the CPS collects the following data:
Name [required]
Physical mailing/contact address including street name and number; po box; city; postal code; [optional]
State/Province and Country [required]
Email address [required]
Dues paid to the CPS, including date and the amount paid [calculated]
2.4       Optional data
Regardless of the data collected for the membership categories in 2.2 and 2.3, the following optional data may be input at the discretion of the member:
Other philatelic affiliations,
address of any personal philatelic web sites,
collecting interests,
write an article for the Journal, or
voluntarily help the CPS.
2.5       Data collection
The basic personal information of a member that is collected by the CPS (2.2 and 2.3) along with any optional information (2.4) voluntarily supplied by that member is collectively referred to as “data” in this document.
3         Why we need this data
3.1       Basic needs and routine tasks
The CPS collects your data for the following routine tasks:
to register and manage your membership dues and contact information,
to send you either a printed Journal or PDF Journal (a benefit of your membership),
to send you other publication/materials you may have ordered from the CPS,
to attach a general geographic location to visualize membership statistics,
to verify member dues status when answering support questions,
to communicate with members related to journal publishing matters,
to communicate with you either by post or email about CPS related news, events, and forthcoming publications,
or to remind you about your forthcoming membership renewal.
3.2       Printing and shipping of the hardcopy journal
The CPS uses a Print on Demand (PoD) service to produce and mail the printed journal. To accomplish this, a password protected electronic address book containing the name and shipping addresses of the members who receive the hardcopy journal, resides on the PoD site. This information is managed according to dues status of the members or when address maintenance is needed.
3.3       Instances where non-anonymized data may be used
When a member submits an article for inclusion in a CPS publication (author) their names will be listed as the author of the article. Anonymous articles are rarely accepted. Other contact information, such as an email address, is typically not published unless indicated by the author in their draft. The Officers, at their discretion, may request additional confirmation or consent from the author prior to publication.
It is also common for members to submit “first person” accounts of their collecting activities or recollections for inclusion in the Journal. These articles will be published “as received” from the member.
It is also typical for the CPS to publish information about the members, such as pictures or reports associated with Society events. In such cases, the Officers will now obtain permission to use your name.
Obituaries or “closed albums” are a way for the CPS to honor a deceased member, and when received, are commonly published in the Journal, the website or both. Their content, while primarily philatelic in nature, often describes the relationship the member had with the CPS. However, obituaries may also include other information of public record. Additionally, the Officers or other members may submit personal recollections about a deceased member, often containing names or other historical information about the deceased member. The CPS will not obtain permission from the deceased member’s family to publish closed-album articles.
3.4       Instances where anonymized data may be used
The CPS typically does not announce new members in CPS publications, however, anonymized information about members, such as “During the last quarter, we welcomed three new members from Germany and one from Brazil,” may appear.
When applicable, anonymized information may be used, typically with prior consent of the member; such as “CPS Member Matteo from Switzerland writes to inform the members of a new map stamp issue,” by using the member’s given name instead of a surname.
The CPS does not publish an independent membership directory, however, anonymized statistical information about the number and distribution of the members may appear in CPS publications. From time to time, the CPS is asked by other philatelic societies and organizations to provide membership statistics. Any statistical information submitted by the Officers about the number and distribution of CPS members will always be anonymized.
3.5       Online member discussion list
The CPS manages an online, members only, email discussion list (mail list).  The list is used by the Officers as a method of communication with those members and to foster community discussions among the members.
The mail list is operated using Google Groups (groups.google.com). Some years ago, when the list was created, members were added using the email addresses they provided to the CPS. The members on the list follow the defined rules of etiquette.
Presently members must contact the CPS and request an invitation email to join the mail list. Any members who are currently subscribed to the list and wish to leave the list can do so by pressing the opt-out link at the bottom of each message sent from the list.  If for some reason the member continues to receive messages from the list, please contact the CPS using the “Contact Us form on the website.
While the Officers will never share your personal information on the mail list, individual member’s email addresses and any other information they may write in the messages are visible to all members on the list.
3.6       Previously published information
It is not possible for members to request change or deletion requests for information previously published in CPS publications.  Members who believe that the content of an article requires additional discussion may contact the Officers, submit a “Letter to the Editor,” or discuss the article on the mail list, within the defined rules of etiquette.
4         How we collect, process, manage and store this data
4.1       Data collection methods
There are two methods the CPS uses for collecting your data:
Electronic
Analog
4.2       Electronic data collection methods
The primary method of collecting your data is electronic. The main CPS website is the only official point of entry to access the member registration page.  The forms used to collect your data or communicate with the Officers are provided through a service (Jotform.com). Jotform.com is compliant with European GDPR and other privacy regulations.   PayPal (PayPal.com) is also used to facilitate the collection of electronic online payments to the CPS.
4.3       Analog data collection methods
As an option, an analog, non-electronic method of data collection is available through a printable file downloadable from the main CPS website. The printed and completed form is then returned, with postage paid by the member, to the designated CPS officer (the Treasurer).
In addition, non-electronic forms of payment such as International Postal Money Orders or personal checks drawn on US banks may also be used.  These forms of payment will be securely stored by the Treasurer until they are submitted for payment. Records of payment will only be retained until the payments have been confirmed by the Treasurer and will, if necessary, be securely destroyed.  Please note that cash payments are not accepted by the CPS.
4.4       Processing and management of the data
The data we collect from you is processed electronically using Microsoft Excel (software) as a simple spreadsheet list of member records (member list). The member list is not stored on the CPS website, and the file containing the member list (file) is password protected for additional security.
4.5       Storage of this data
To enable the Officers secure access to the member list, the file is uploaded approximately 4-6 times a year to a secured storage service (Dropbox.com).  The Officers can then access this file. When the member list is updated, the previous version is deleted from the storage service and the new version is uploaded.
5          With whom do we share this data
5.1       Data access
Only the Officers of the CPS have access to the data contained in the member list.  The member list is never accessible to previous officers, other members, past members, or non-CPS related individuals.
5.2       Data transfer
The CPS will never transfer, sell, or share the member list to another organization.  However, in the future, unforeseen and extraordinary conditions may require reconsideration of this statement, at which time the members will be informed, and their consent will be requested.
5.3       Data security
The CPS has a defined set of security procedures and the Officers of the CPS will to the best of their ability, endeavor to maintain the security of the member list.
6         How long the data will be stored
6.1       CPS member data retention policy
Since its founding in 1955, the CPS has always considered our members as an extended family. During the early years, issues of the Society’s original journal were often filled with member news, introductions and recollection articles. Since the reorganization of the CPS in 2003 this view has continued, however, we also recognize the importance of keeping in pace with privacy issues in today’s interconnected digital world.
To continue the ideas and values that the CPS has maintained over the years, and to preserve the historical record of the Society the member data retention policy of the CPS is to maintain all member data, regardless of the status of the member, indefinitely.
The CPS understands that some members may have concerns about this type of data retention policy, and therefore, specific options for the members exist, as described in clause 7, to address those concerns.
However, to preserve the historical record of the Society, the CPS will indefinitely retain the names of past members, regardless of any deletion request.
6.2       Data from members
The member list is the prime method of managing the information about the people that have joined the CPS.  Thus, its maintenance and storage and the information of the members may be considered continuous.
6.3       Data from past members
A member will be designated a past member and assigned one of the following categories when:
there is a lapse in dues payment more than nine months [non-paying member], or
the member signals they will be resigning from the CPS [resigned member], or
the CPS is unable to deliver/transmit three issues of the Journal, and the member cannot be contacted using their supplied contact information to remedy the delivery/transmission issue [no-contact member], or
the CPS will often be informed that a member has passed away [closed-album member]
The data of past members is moved to a specific section of the member list file according to the categories above.
From the date of enactment of this document, a past member may inquire about their member data when they seek to leave the CPS or up to sixty (60) days after leaving.
In addition, some resigned members request to be kept informed of CPS dues, each spring, in the chance they may consider re-joining the CPS, thus retention of those resigned members data is required to honor their request.
7         Data protection rights as a member
7.1       Overview
Today, various international regulations and accepted practices for the management of personal data are commonplace. The CPS recognizes that both members or past members may have certain questions, concerns, or specific requests about how they can access, protect, or even delete the data they have provided to the Society.
However, both members and past members should carefully review this document and consider the structure, policies, and abilities of the CPS when submitting their requests.
7.2       Requests, replies, outcomes, and consequences
The following are a series of common requests stipulated by various regulations and accepted practices. Along with each request are, descriptions of applicability, possible outcomes, and consequences if the requests are acted upon.
7.2.1        Withdraw of member consent for providing data
As members voluntarily join the CPS and provide their data along with a dues payment that ensures the delivery or transmission of the Journal to the member, withdraw of any consent would indicate a desire to resign from the CPS. As dues are non-refundable, members should only resign prior to the beginning of the new dues term (April 1). If a member resigns mid-term, the CPS will not refund the remaining dues amount. The CPS also is obligated to continue to deliver or transmit the Journal to the member throughout the current term.
7.2.2        The right to access the data
As described in subclause 4.4 the nature of the software used prevents members from directly accessing their data. The CPS does not presently plan to change how the member list is processed. Data access policies are specified in clause 5 which prohibit members from accessing the member list file.
7.2.3        The right to correct your data
Members are encouraged to inform the CPS as quickly as possible of any changes in their contact information, using the “contact form” available on the CPS website. Revisions to a member’s contact information will be promptly processed and reconfirmed with the member.
7.2.4        Resigning and resigned members right to have data deleted
Even after referring to subclauses 6.1 and 7.2.1 if a resigning member still wishes to have their data deleted, they must submit, at their own cost, a signed and dated copy of ANNEX A to the CPS within sixty (60) days of their resignation. The CPS will honor their request; however, no confirmation of the deletion will be sent to the resigned member.
Past members, regardless of their citizenship, who resigned prior to the date of enactment, are ineligible to request to have their data deleted.
7.2.5        Members right to have data deleted
Even after referring to subclauses 6.1 and 7.2.1 if a member still wishes to have their data deleted, they must submit at their own cost, a signed and dated copy of ANNEX B to the CPS. The CPS will honor their request; and a confirmation of the deletion will be sent to them, at the discretion of the CPS, using either email or postal mail.
7.2.6        The right to be forgotten
The CPS does not support the right to be forgotten, see 6.1.
7.2.7        The right to move the data
The CPS does not support the right to move the data, see 4.4.
7.3       Your right to choose
Individuals planning to join the CPS or members that have questions or disagree with any of the policies, terms, and conditions defined in this document can discussing the matter with the Officers using the form (9.1) on the CPS website or by letter (9.2).
If you are not yet a member and are unable to agree with the policies, terms, and conditions of the CPS, it is your choice not to become a member of the CPS.
8         Date of enactment
This document is enacted and valid from May 25, 2018 and covers your rights from that date onward.
All individuals wishing to join the CPS from May 25, 2018 will be required to agree to the policies, terms, and conditions defined in this document and will opt-in to having the CPS collect, process, manage and store your data.
Current members who are citizens of European Union countries, regardless of where they reside, will be requested to agree to the policies, terms, and conditions defined in this document using an online form. These members will be contacted on May 25, 2018.
9         How to contact the CPS
To inquire about the content in this document you may contact the Officers using the following methods.
9.1       Using the CPS website
Using the “Contact Us” form on the CPS website
www.mapsonstamps.org/about/contact-us/
9.2       By postal mail
In writing by postal mail to:
Privacy Policy Controller
The CartoPhilatelic Society
2885 Sanford Ave SW  #32361
Grandville, MI 49418-1342  USA
Annexes
Annex A: Resigning or resigned member:
Data Privacy Policy Annex A - 20180525
Annex B: Current Member:
Data Privacy Policy Annex B - 20180525
May 24th, 2018
Search our site
Reminder for Members
A one year term of membership for the CartoPhilatelic Society runs April 1 through March 31. Unless you have pre-paid for multiple years, or renewed you dues, your membership has expired at the end of March 2020
If you have not yet paid, please continue to support the Society and renew your dues for the forth-coming term (April 2020 through March 2021) as soon as possible.
A big "Thank You!" to all those members who have recently renewed their membership! The CPS appreciates your continued support and donations.
Visit our Membership page for information.
Categories
Events
Society Meeting
Expired Posts
Marginalia: Notes about Map Stamps
New Issues
News
Newly Discovered
Society News
Web Site Admin
Projects
Maps on Stamps Checklist
Resources
TNCP Journal
TNCP Submission Dates
Year
2004
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Tag Cloudislands TNCP dispatch mos update antique maps TNCP submission schedule CPS meeting surveying antarctica unesco awards TNCP issue australia heraldry netherlands usa geodesy TNCP struve closed album monaco ata new issues lighthouse portugal holy see sports coat of arms satellite italy belgium flag estonia mexico denmark france religion birds new zealand military heroes new caledonia cartography CPS members exploration checklist web site
Copyright © 2020 The CartoPhilatelic Society - All Rights Reserved
About this web site: If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this site,
please contact the web site administrator.
Unless otherwise stated, all content, images, text, separate files, on this web site
are the Copyright of The CartoPhilatelic Society, and may not be used without written consent of thePresident, CartoPhilatelic Society.Powered by WordPress & Atahualpa