https://www.justapplications.co.uk/privacy-policy/
BACKGROUND:
Just Applications LTD understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, www.justapplications.co.uk (“Our Site”) and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site and You will be required to read and accept this Privacy Policy when signing up for an Account. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account”
means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site;
“Cookie”
means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in Part 14, below; and
[“Cookie Law”
means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;]
Information About Us
Our Site is owned and operated by Just Applications LTD, a limited company registered in England under company number 05986601.
Registered and main trading address : 90 Whitehouse Common Road, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, B75 6HD.
VAT number: 905 6142 42
Data Protection Officer: Grant Johnson
Email address: dataprivacy@justapplications.co.uk.
Telephone number: 0121 285 1050.
What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
What is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
What Are My Rights?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
The right to be informed about Our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Policy should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 15.
The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Part 13 will tell you how to do this.
The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we have. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.
The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we am using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.
Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. we do not use your personal data in this way.
For more information about Our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided in Part 15.
Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
What Data Do We Collect?
Depending upon your use of Our Site, we may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data (please also see Part 14 on Our use of Cookies and similar technologies):
Name
Address
Email address
Telephone number
Business name
Job title
Subscribed list of our products and services
Payment information
IP address
Web browser type and version
Operating system
A list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Site, and the site you exit to
Secure token (provided by the platform i.e. eBay, Amazon etc)
How Do You Use My Personal Data?
Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for Our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to Our use of your personal data, or because it is in Our legitimate business interests to use it. Your personal data may be used for one of the following purposes:
Providing and managing your Account;
Providing and managing your access to Our Site;
Personalising and tailoring your experience on Our Site;
Supplying Our products and services to you. Your personal details are required in order for us to enter into a contract with you.
Personalising and tailoring Our products and services for you.
Communicating with you. This may include responding to emails or calls from you.
Supplying you with information by email that you have opted-in to (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by visiting the ‘My Account’ section within the site.
Analysing your use of Our Site and gathering feedback to enable us to continually improve Our Site and your user experience.
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you by email, telephone, text message and/or post with information, news, and offers on Our products and services. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam. we will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you will always have the opportunity to opt-out.
Third Parties (including google analytics) whose content appears on Our Site may use third-party Cookies, as detailed below in Part 14. Please refer to Part 14 for more information on controlling cookies. Please note that we do not control the activities of such third parties, nor the data that they collect and use themselves, and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such third parties.
How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data?
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Your personal data will therefore be kept for the following periods (or, where there is no fixed period, the following factors will be used to determine how long it is kept):
As a subscriber to our site, your data will remain on our site unless requested to be deleted or you cancel the subscription.
Informational requests will be deleted after the request has been actioned unless you decide to opt in to our newsletter using the link on the email that we send with the reply.
How and Where Do You Store or Transfer My Personal Data?
We will only store or transfer your personal data within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein. This means that your personal data will be fully protected under the GDPR or to equivalent standards by law.
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that the European Commission has deemed to provide an adequate level of personal data protection. More information is available from the European Commission.
Please contact us using the details below in Part 15 for further information about the particular data protection mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data to a third country.]
The security of your personal data is essential to us, and to protect your data, we take a number of important measures, including the following:
Encrypted data where applicable
The use of high security firewall appliances and data centres.
Do You Share My Personal Data?
We will not share any of your personal data with any third parties for any purposes, subject to one important exception.
In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
If any personal data is transferred outside of the EEA, we will take suitable steps in order to ensure that your personal data is treated just as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the GDPR, as explained above in Part 9.]
How Can I Control My Personal Data?
In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in Part 5, when you submit personal data via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your personal data. In particular, we aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in Our emails and at the point of providing your details and by managing your Account).
You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference services operating in the UK: The Telephone Preference Service (“the TPS”), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service (“the CTPS”), and the Mailing Preference Service (“the MPS”). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.
Can I Withhold Information?
You may access certain areas of Our Site without providing any personal data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data
You may restrict Our use of Cookies. For more information, see Part 14.
How Can I Access My Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.
All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 15.
There is not normally any charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover Our administrative costs in responding.
We will respond to your subject access request within 14 working days and, in any case, not more than one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim to provide a complete response, including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of three months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of Our progress.
How Do You Use Cookies?
Our Site may place and access certain first-party Cookies on your computer or device. First-party Cookies are those placed directly by us and are used only by us. we use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our products and services. we have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
By using Our Site, you may also receive certain third-party Cookies on your computer or device. Third-party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than us. Third-party Cookies are used on Our Site for google analytics. For more details, please refer to the table below. These Cookies are not integral to the functioning of Our Site and your use and experience of Our Site will not be impaired by refusing consent to them.
All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.
Certain features of Our Site depend on Cookies to function. Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”. These Cookies are shown in the table below. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies, but it is still important that you are aware of them. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings as detailed below, but please be aware that Our Site may not work properly if you do so. we have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.
The following first-party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly Necessary
ASP.NET_SessionId
Justapplications Session
Yes
Authentication2
Justapplications Authentication
Yes
ContextID
Justapplications Store
Yes
and the following third-party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie
Provider
Purpose
Facebook
Facebook.com
Session
Live Chat
Live Chat Just Applications
Support
Our Site uses analytics services provided by Google. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse anonymous usage information, enabling us to better understand how Our Site is used. This, in turn, enables us to improve Our Site and the products and services offered through it.
The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) Cookies to gather the required information. You do not have to allow us to use these Cookies, however whilst Our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of Our Site, it does enable us to continually improve Our Site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
The analytics service(s) used by Our Site use(s) the following Cookies:
Name of Cookie
First / Third Party
Provider
Purpose
Google Analytics
Third
Google
Analytics
In addition to the controls that we provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies, but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our Site more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.
It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
How Do I Contact You?
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use our contact form on the website or contact us see section 2.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change Our business in a way that affects personal data protection.
Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. we recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.RejectAcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.