http://www.furyous.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Furyous
Home
About us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Archives
May 2020
September 2019
Car Junky Automotive News ArticlesWhat is a Catalytic Converter and How They Work September 16, 2016catalytic converter, which is also known as a catalytic oxidizer, is a component found in the exhaust system of a vehicle. What the catalytic converter does is burn the carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons to create nitrogen. It does this by using platinum and palladium/rhodium as catalysts, but at the same time it reduces the nitrogen […]Check your Tire Pressure and Increase Your Gas Mileage September 16, 2016Find out everything you need to know about tire pressure to keep your car running smoothly and safely.Car Paint Chip Repair Options September 12, 2016Car Paint Chip Repair Options Find out which car paint repair option works best for you. Do it yourself, going through your insurance company, finding a professional or a kit are some of the options available when your car has scratches or chips in the paint.How your Cars Water Pump Works September 11, 2016When you think of your car’s water pump, think of it as you’re the heart of your car’s cooling system. In doing so, you can enjoy the comfort of a nice and cool car in the midst of a record setting heat-wave.How does a Car Alternator Work August 27, 2016In the good old days, it was called a generator. The cars alternator does what its name suggests – it turns mechanical energy into AC or alternating current electrical energy.Career Growth for Automotive Technicians July 16, 2016While the automotive technician of today faces his, or her, own unique challenges, he is also faced with the opportunity to explore exciting new breakthroughs in automotive technology. On an almost daily basis, new frontiers are being explored in regards to vehicle propulsion, fuel efficiency, and passenger safety.Six Rules To Help Keep Your Teen Driver Safe July 1, 2013Here are 6 rules to help keep your teen driver safe behind the wheel of a car. There's nothing more important to a parent then his or her child, so take the time to talk over important car driving safety issues with your teen.See If You Are Tire Smart June 24, 2013Today's younger drivers are not as tire smart as the older drivers on the road. But everyone can still learn a thing or two about tires and safety, so take a look at this informative article and be tire smart.Traveling With Kids Be Car Seat Smart June 24, 2013When you are traveling with kids be car seat smart. That means know how to secure your children in the proper car seats. Find out what car seat is best for your child in this article, and find out who to contact if you're still are not sure.Helping Your Car Keep Cool In Warmer Weather May 27, 2013Find out how to keep your car cool in the warmer weather. Whether it’s a vacation road trip or your daily commute to work, when the temperatures climb higher on the outside, things are also heating up under the hood of your car. Categories
Concrete Services
Foundation Repair
Related Posts (YARPP)
No related posts.
Search for:
May 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Sep
123
45678910
11121314151617
18192021222324
25262728293031