http://www.delheim.com/privacy-policy
Newsletter Signup
Gallery
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Delheim Wine Estate’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://www.delheim.com, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is effective as of 16 July 2019.
DELHEIM
Tel: +27 (0) 21 888 4600Fax: +27 (0) 21 888 4601info@delheim.com
GARDEN RESTAURANT
Tel: +27 (0) 21 888 4607restaurant@delheim.comGPS: S 33 52' 10" E 18 53' 08"
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy
© 2020
Copyright Delheim | All Rights Reserved | Website by Aqua IT Consulting
×
Cookie Policy of delheim.com
Cookies consist of portions of code installed in the browser that assist the Owner in providing the Service according to the purposes described. Some of the purposes for which Cookies are installed may also require the User’s consent. Where the installation of Cookies is based on consent, such consent can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.
Technical Cookies and Cookies serving aggregated statistical purposes
Activity strictly necessary for the functioning of the Service
This Application uses Cookies to save the User’s session and to carry out other activities that are strictly necessary for the operation of this Application, for example in relation to the distribution of traffic.
Activity regarding the saving of preferences, optimization, and statistics
This Application uses Cookies to save browsing preferences and to optimize the User’s browsing experience. Among these Cookies are, for example, those used for the setting of language and currency preferences or for the management of first party statistics employed directly by the Owner of the site.
Other types of Cookies or third parties that install Cookies
Some of the services listed below collect statistics in an anonymized and aggregated form and may not require the consent of the User or may be managed directly by the Owner – depending on how they are described – without the help of third parties. If any third party operated services are listed among the tools below, these may be used to track Users’ browsing habits – in addition to the information specified herein and without the Owner’s knowledge. Please refer to the privacy policy of the listed services for detailed information.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Analytics collected directly (This Application)
This Application uses an internal analytics system that does not involve third parties.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Google Analytics (Alphabet Inc.)
Google Analytics is an analytics service provided by Alphabet Inc. (Google).
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of services allow interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Application. The interaction and information obtained through this Application are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network. This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Google+ +1 button and social widgets (Google Inc.)
The Google+ +1 button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Google+ social network provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
LinkedIn button and social widgets (LinkedIn Corporation)
The LinkedIn button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the LinkedIn social network provided by LinkedIn Corporation.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
Twitter Tweet button and social widgets (Twitter, Inc.)
The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
SPAM protection
This type of services analyzes the traffic of this Application, potentially containing Users’ Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM.
Google reCAPTCHA (Google Inc.)
Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy.
How to provide or withdraw consent to the installation of Cookies
In addition to what is specified in this document, the User can manage preferences for Cookies directly from within their own browser and prevent – for example – third parties from installing Cookies. Through browser preferences, it is also possible to delete Cookies installed in the past, including the Cookies that may have saved the initial consent for the installation of Cookies by this website. Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Microsoft Internet Explorer. With regard to Cookies installed by third parties, Users can manage their preferences and withdrawal of their consent by clicking the related opt-out link (if provided), by using the means provided in the third party’s privacy policy, or by contacting the third party. Notwithstanding the above, the Owner informs that Users may follow the instructions provided on the subsequently linked initiatives by the EDAA (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
Owner and Data Controller
Delheim Wines (Pty) Ltd, Knorhoek Road (off the R44), Stellenbosch, 7600
Contact email: info@delheim.com
Since the installation of third-party Cookies and other tracking systems through the services used within this Application cannot be technically controlled by the Owner, any specific references to Cookies and tracking systems installed by third parties are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, the User is kindly requested to consult the privacy policy for the respective third-party services listed in this document. Given the objective complexity surrounding the identification of technologies based on Cookies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of Cookies by this Application.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookies
Small piece of data stored in the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation). This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
By continuing to browse or by closing this window, you accept the use of cookies.
I Consent to Cookies
Like most websites on the internet, this website uses cookies. By using our website, you agree to our Cookie Policy. I Accept
×
Pin It on Pinterest