http://www.waatours.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Waa Tours
At http://www.waatours.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by http://www.waatours.com and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at admin@waatours.com.
Log Files
http://www.waatours.com follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, http://www.waatours.com uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners include:
Google
Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their website. For easier access, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained here:
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of http://www.waatours.com.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on http://www.waatours.com, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that http://www.waatours.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Part Privacy Policies
http://www.waatours.com’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
http://www.waatours.com does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in http://www.waatours.com. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Recent Posts
5 LOW-MAINTENANCE LANDSCAPING IDEAS
How to Choose the Right Landscaping Contractor for Your Home
Helpful Tips for Taking Care of Your Lawn
Recent Comments Archives
August 2017
March 2017
Categories
Landscaping Contractor
Taking Care of your Lawn Tips
Search for:
Landscapers, Landscape Design Company | Harrison's Landscaping, Sydney NSWBlue Birds June 30, 2017It’s nothing new that succulents have taken the world by storm.  Their no-fuss, low maintenance characteristics make them perfect for even the blackest of thumbs.  When most people think of succulents they think of the smaller varieties such as the rosette shaped Echeveria or Senecios.  But what if you’re looking for a larger succulent, something…Daily Telegraph Feature June 13, 2017Did you catch our Randwick project in the Daily Telegraph Home Mag lift-out?  This in-depth article looks at our inspiration and material selections for this family friendly pool and garden.  You can read the full article here. Photography by Natalie HunfalvayStaff Profile: Sam Snaith May 31, 2017At the forefront of all Harrisons projects, is the landscape design, and more importantly, how that design compliments the architecture of the home and our client’s lifestyle.   We sit down with Sam Snaith, the Lead Designer at Harrisons to discuss why he’s keeping things simple and of course, Missy Elliot.     Who is Sam…Shelly Beach Update May 15, 2017Our construction team completed this project we designed in Shelly Beach, Manly in February.  The balustrade was being installed this week which gave us the perfect opportunity to grab a few progress pics.  Whilst the planting is obviously still young, the garden is settling in well. We were engaged by our clients to completely redesign this steep…Freshwater Garden May 4, 2017This house & garden located in Freshwater on Sydney’s Northern Beaches was once an original 1950’s brick bungalow on a level block of lawn without a single plant or tree on the entire block.  It also happens to be the family home of our very own, Josh & Anna Harrison.  Make sure you check out the…Creating an Outdoor Kitchen April 30, 2017A well designed outdoor kitchen or BBQ isn’t just about the food; more importantly an outdoor kitchen provides social interaction within the garden.  With so many options now available, it can be overwhelming navigating the endless possibilities.  Here are our tips for creating the perfect outdoor kitchen:   Set realistic priorities While it can be very easy to…We’re Loving: Pastels April 14, 20172017 certainly seems to be the year of pastels.  You can expect to start seeing more of those sugary-sweet pastel colours gracing everything from clothes to garden pots.  One of our favourites is the new limited edition Straight Up pots in pastels from The Balcony Garden. Why we’re loving these? The connection between home and garden…Pool Trends for 2017 April 12, 2017This article written by Josh Harrison, appeared in the most recent issue of Pool + Spa Magazine and provides some insight into the pool trends for 2017.  Pool design is currently going through a renaissance as pool owners look for a more refined, simple design. The days of flashy glass windows and swim-up bars are behind…Family Friendly Landscape Design April 10, 2017We completed this pool and garden in Randwick nearly 2 years ago.  Our clients are a young family with 3 energetic boys.  Our landscape design was created to suit their busy lifestyle.   A beautifully renovated federation home sits upon a flat suburban block in Sydney’s Eastern Suburbs.  We were given a blank canvas and…Cliff Top Garden Northern Beaches October 18, 2016We’ve been hard at work on this large scale landscape design project in Manly on the Northern Beaches.  The property overlooks Fairy Bower and the existing gardens were in need of an upgrade.  Our landscape design includes a series of dry-jointed sandstone walls to create usable terraces, and provides an opportunity for more planting to…
Designed by
Elegant Themes