http://www.mikeiaconelli.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
SUBSCRIBE TO MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL
Bio
Schedule
Media
Ike Live
Videos
Photos
Ike Blog
News
Articles
Shop
Ike Hats, Shirts, Books, etc.
Ike's Tackle Box (Rods, Reels, Lures, etc.)
'Fish My City' Gear
Mike Iaconelli Website Privacy Policy
Information
When you purchase something from our store, we collect such personal information as your name, address and email address.
We do not store your credit card information, all credit card information is submitted directly to our payment processing service.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address so we learn about your browser and operating system requirements.
With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
You can unsubscribe from these services by following the "Unsubscribe" links at the bottom of each email.
CONSENT
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, it implies that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like direct marketing, we ask you directly for your expressed consent or we provide you with an opportunity to say no.
You can withdraw your consent by following the "Unsubscribe" links at the bottom of any of our marketing emails.
DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
DATA STORAGE
We store email and address information for both shipping/fulfilling orders and fan club communications
We do not store credit card information, we only store transaction numbers provided by our payment processing service
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy. In general, the third-party providers use and disclose your information only to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
LINKS
When you click on links within our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
COOKIES
Cookies may be used to track information about your visit to the site.
Internally - cookies are used to maintain session information which allows us to store shopping cart information and track agreement to our terms and cookie policies as users navigate through the site and during future website sessions.
Tracking Pixels
Google - This site utilitizes Google Analytics to track website usage statistics for reporting and analyzing. This site may also use other Google products for targeting advertising and remarketing, such at Google Remarketing or DoubleClick.
Facebook - Facebook's remarketing service allows us to target ads to a more qualified audience.
AddToAny - Is a service we use for sharing content on social media. AddToAny reports "We anonymize a user IP address by zeroing the last octet (IPv4) or 80 bits (IPv6) before any logging." and "We retain server log data for 30 days or less, and keep only aggregate usage data." Read their entire privay policy.
AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: correct, amend or remove your personal information, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at
(This email address should be use only for questions and comments related to our privacy policy, all other inquiries will be deleted without response)
Newsletter
Signup!
All Things Ike
Mike Iaconelli Bio
Ike Tournaments
Tournament Photos
Fishing Videos
Latest News
Ike's Sponsors and Friends
Help / Legal
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Ike Social Media
Facebook Page
Ike on Twitter
Instagram
Mike Iaconelli LinkedIn
Ike Live
Ike Live Fishing Show
Subscribe on iTunes
Advertise / Sponsor
Media Kit
© Copyright Protected 2020 Mike Iaconelli, All Rights Reserved
This site uses cookies to enhance your user experience
To ensure the best possible user experience, this site uses cookies to personalize content and ads. By continuing to use the site, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn More
I Agree