http://www.hillsspeleos.org/home/privacy-statement/
HomeCalendarPhoto Library
Home
Contact us
Downloads
New member info
Newsletters
Privacy statement
Member LoginUsername:Password:Request new password
Hills Speleology Club
1.	Privacy Statement
1.1	The Hills Speleology Club Ltd acknowledges and respects the privacy of individuals and complies with the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth).
2.	The information we collect
2.1	Hills Speleology Club Ltd lawfully collects personal information that is necessary for our club to function. The information we collect and hold is provided voluntarily and will depend upon the activities of the club you participate in and the services you request from us.
This information includes your name, address, contact details and records relating to participation in club activities.
3.	Information derived from communications between us and you.
3.1	Information obtained from the public section of our website.
3.1.1	The only personal information we collect in the public section of our website is what you tell us about yourself, for example, by completing a form when you apply for membership, or when you send us an email we will record your email address.
When visiting our website we may collect statistical information such as the users IP address, date and pages visited.
No attempt will be made by us to identify users or their browsing activities.
3.2	Information obtained from members
3.2.1	The information we collect and hold from members will depend upon the information you and other members provide to us.
It will include your name and contact details.
From time to time you or other members may chose to provide photos, trip logs and reports that include information relating to your participation in club activities.
Login details are recorded of member's access to the member's section of the club's website.
3.2.2	When you join the club and periodically thereafter you will be asked by us to provide medical history.
This information is confidential.
4.	How we use your information
4.1	We use the information we collect for the purpose disclosed at the time of collection, or otherwise as set out in this Privacy Statement. We will not use your personal information for any other purpose without first seeking your consent, unless authorised or required by law.
4.2	Members names, contact information and record of participation in club activities (including photographs) is generally viewable by other members through the member's section of the website.
However, you may request that this information be removed from the website.
4.3	We will also use your name and contact details to:
To establish and maintain your membership of Hills Speleology Club Ltd.
To allow the Australian Speleological Federation Inc. (ASF) to update and maintain its membership list, insurance registration list, and the mailing list for Australian Caver magazine.
To obtain permits and permissions from landowners and land managers, when necessary, for particular trips or activities you indicate an intention to participate in.
From time to time the club may publish a newsletter that is publicly available.
This may include your name and details of your participation in club activities including photographs.
However, you may request that your name or image not be used for this purpose.
4.4 From time to time we may display names and images of members participating in club activities in the public section of the website.
However, you may request that your name or image not be used for this purpose.
4.5 Medical information you provide to us is confidential and will not be available to other members with the exception of the trip leader of a club trip when you place your name on the list of participants for that trip.
5.	Access to your personal information
5.1	Requests concerning your personal information held by the Hills Speleology Club Ltd should be directed to the webmaster on webmaster@hillsspeleos.org. We will deal with all such requests as quickly as possible.
You can also view and amend your personal information in the member's section of the website by accessing this section of the website yourself.
6.	Security
6.1	Hills Speleology Club Ltd will take reasonable steps to keep secure any personal information which we hold and to keep this information accurate and up to date.
6.2 The Internet is not always a secure method of transmitting information. Accordingly, Hills Speleology Club Ltd cannot accept responsibility for the security of information you send to, or receive from us over the Internet or for any unauthorised access or use of that information.
7.	Changes to this Privacy Policy
7.1	It may be necessary for us to review and revise our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any amended version will be posted on our website at www.hillsspeleos.org.
We suggest that you visit our website regularly to keep up to date with any changes.
8.	Contact Us
8.1	If you would like any further information, or have any queries, problems or complaints in relation to this Privacy Policy or our information handling practices in general, please contact us on webmaster@hillsspeleos.org.
Home|Calendar|Photo Library