http://www.philarockgym.com/privacy-policy/
Philadelphia Rock Gyms Privacy & Confidentiality
The Philadelphia Rock Gyms collects personally identifiable information (such as your name, street address, telephone number and e-mail address) from voluntary submissions in several areas on our website, including: PRG Online Forms, email newsletter sign-ups, competitions and special event sign-ups and our online shopping cart. Personally identifiable information will be used by the Philadelphia Rock Gyms only: (1) to process your requests (e.g., register you for a competition or special event or fulfill your Gift Card order); (2) to communicate with you or make related offers to you; (3) to administer the website or serve you when you have questions or problems; and/or (4) as may, in Philadelphia Rock Gym’s sole judgment, be required by any applicable laws, rules or regulations.
Personally identifiable information will not be shared with third parties except to further the purpose for which you provide such information (e.g., to process your subscription request or merchandise order) or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or to protect the rights of Philadelphia Rock Gyms or its affiliates or customers. The Philadelphia Rock Gyms does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information the Philadelphia Rock Gyms cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we use reasonable efforts to ensure that collected personally identifiable information is secure and not readily accessible to unapproved individuals or third parties. The Philadelphia Rock Gyms has limited the number of people who have physical access to our database servers and has implemented electronic security systems and password protections which help further guard against unauthorized access.
Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at:info@philarockgym.com or 877-822-7673
Upcoming Events Dec 19
Kids Climb for a CauseSelect PRG LocationsKids Climb for a Cause at PRG! Dec 21 - Jan 1
Winter CampsSelect PRG LocationsWInter Camps at the PRG! Jul 26 - Aug 20
NRG ExpeditionNew River Gorge, WVExperience world class climbing in the New River Gorge, WV! Jan 23
COVID FRIENDLY Winter BurnPRG Oaks and PRG WyncoteJoin us for the Winter Burn! We’re modifying our ever popular Burn Series to abide by COVID restrictions. Register Now! Nov 29 - Jan 30
Youth Programs: Session 2All LocationsSession 2 starts November 29th.
Register today! Nov 24 - Dec 31
New: PRG Online Store!All LocationsShop online with PRG! Nov 21 - Dec 19
No Man’s Land 2020: The PRG TourSelect Locations Nov 30 - Jan 29
PRG Study Hall for KidsAll LocationsJoin us at the wall for PRG Study Hall! Nov 30 - Dec 23
Holiday Gift Card SaleAll LocationsHelp support small business. Buy a gift card and give (or get) extra!
More events
PRG Oaks
Philadelphia Rock Gyms - Oaks, E-520 E, Oaks, PA, USA
Phone: 877.822.7673 ext. 2
PRG Coatesville
Philadelphia Rock Gyms - Coatesville, Mount Airy Road, Coatesville, PA, USA
Phone: 877.822.7673 ext. 1
PRG East Falls
Philadelphia Rock Gyms - East Falls, Philadelphia, PA, USA
Phone: 877.822.7673 ext. 3
PRG Wyncote
827 Glenside Ave, Wyncote, PA 19095, USA
Phone: 877.822.7673 ext. 4
PRG Fishtown
2412 E York St, Philadelphia, PA 19125, USA
Phone: 877.822.7673 ext. 5