http://www.coralcay.org/legal-notice
Due to the on-going Covid-19 pandemic, Coral Cay Conservation is temporarily closed. We hope to see you all soon.
ABOUT US
Our Team
Scientific Advisory Committee
Careers
Legal Notice
OUR WORK
The Southern Leyte Coral Reef Conservation Project
LRCP Phase I
LRCP Phase II
Our House Reef; Napantao
Monthly Project Updates
Publications
VOLUNTEER
Why Choose Us?
Volunteer Philippines
Internships
Divemaster and Conservation Internship
Marine Expedition Management Internship
Independent Degree Research
Groups
Scholarship Programme
Secure Volunteer Area
FAQs
Gallery
LATEST NEWS
BOOK NOW
Terms & Conditions
CONTACT
Affiliations and Accreditations
Legal Notice
Legal Notice
The details below relate to the entirety of the Lifesigns Group and are not specific for those that are joining a Coral Cay Conservation project.
As such some terminology may differ from that elsewhere on the website.Name of OrganisationCoral Cay Conservation (a trading name of Adventure Lifesigns Limited, and part of the Lifesigns Group)Registered OfficeThe KilnGrange RoadTonghamSurreyGU10 1DJUnited Kingdom Contact DetailsTel: 020 7 620 1411E-mail: info@coralcay.orgCompany Registration No.4091767VAT No.GB770681808Regulatory AuthorityYOG, EPA, BS 8848PRIVACY POLICYThe Lifesigns Group appreciates the importance of keeping personal information private and protected for everyone associated with the organisation. This includes participants attending training programmes, Lifesigns Group employees and those who support the organisation.You can be assured that we do our best to ensure that your personal information is secured so that your confidentiality is maintained. All of our data is held in accordance with ISO27001, an Information Security standard.
As you would expect we adhere to the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulations 2018, which gives you control over the information we store about you, and how we contact you in the future.We will only use your information, so we can communicate information to help you participate in a Lifesigns Group programme, or support those who are participating, and to tell you about activities which may be of interest to you.This statement explains how we achieve these goals and gives details of our privacy practices, including what information we collect about people through our website (including mobile versions of the site) and across all our other services. It also outlines how the information will be used or disclosed, and rights with respect to our collection and use of personal data.By using our services and providing us with your personal information you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Statement.GENERALWe collect your personal information because it helps us to support our centres, groups and participants undertaking our programmes.
Additionally, it allows us to invite you to fundraising initiatives and to benefit from commercial special offers. It also enables us to give you convenient access to our online services and support mechanisms.
In addition, personal information helps us to continue to develop and improve the way the Lifesigns Group operates and supports its participants.WHAT INFORMATION THE LIFESIGNS GROUP COLLECTSThere are two types of information you provide us with when using our services:1.
personal information provided when completing fields on our websites and2.
information collected by us as you interact with our services.The information is used to provide you with a service that you have requested, to answer an enquiry or as part of our fundraising and commercial programmes. We may ask you to provide us with personal information on a voluntary basis in certain areas of our services. This information will be used for the purposes outlined at the time of collection.PROGRAMME DELIVERYWe keep records of your activity on our websites to help us understand how you use the system so that we can make it a more effective tool for you. Information on ethnicity and disability maybe collected and used anonymously for statistical purposes by the Lifesigns Group in order to make sure we are making the Lifesigns Group accessible to all, and used locally to help meet your personal needs. We also collect the email address of the parents/guardians of those participants who are classified as minors, to keep them up to date with information to help support their young person complete their programme. This can be opted-out of at any point.The Lifesigns Group e-newsletters and other operational emails are essential communications containing vital updates and useful programme information, so all participants, and the adults involved in delivering their programme will receive those appropriate to their roles. Adults can determine the frequency of the message/alert summary emails by contacting our office.We may also send you information about the programme and changes to the Lifesigns Group and other programme-related services from time to time.  COMMERCIAL OFFERS  We have a range of promotional opportunities, specially negotiated offers, free prize draws, privilege discounts and information from the Lifesigns Group and our partners to tell you about. Your personal information will not be passed onto these partners unless you have given us permission to do so.If you do not want to receive promotional emails from us relating to the above you can use the ‘unsubscribe’ function at the bottom of emails sent by us. We may use some information that we hold about you, for example your age, what programme you are doing, and whether you have opened and clicked through previous emails, to help us send the most relevant information to you.FUNDRAISING OPPORTUNITIESFor fundraising opportunities, we collect personal information when you ask about our activities over the phone, in person, by letter or in email, when you register with us for an event, make a payment, subscribe to our newsletter or otherwise give us your personal information. We use this information to provide you with the information, services or products you have asked for, process donations you have made, inform you of changes to our service and policies, to claim your Gift Aid donation, send you communication that includes information about our campaigns, volunteering and fundraising activities and to detect and reduce fraud and credit risk.PROFILINGThrough monitoring your interest in our range of products and services, we will create a profile of your preferences so that any contact we have with you is appropriate, relevant and timely. We may make use of additional information about you when it is available from external sources to help us to do this effectively. This activity is done to understand our audiences, and, for supporters, helps us to limit our communications only to those who are interested in our programmes, and have the means to support us.  WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION?The Lifesigns Group will not provide any information collected that personally identifies you to any other company or organisation, unless it is required to do so by law, Court Order by other Government or law enforcement authorities or as described in this Privacy Statement.Data collected on our websites is shared with the relevant Licensed Organisation and Lifesigns Group office, as a necessity to enable people to complete their specific programme and achieve their aims and for Lifesigns Group staff to manage programmes effectively. Participant personal information is never shared with other participants.We may pass your information to our trusted third-party service providers and other associated organisations who are authorised to work on our behalf, for example to process payments and send you mailings. We disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service. In circumstances when you have requested a certain product we will send your data to fulfilment houses; we have a written agreement with all fulfilment houses and all data is destroyed after use. We do not store credit card details and we only share customer credit card details with our agencies involved in processing your payments. USE OF COOKIESAs is standard practice on many websites and online services, Lifesigns Group online services use ‘cookies’ and other technologies to help us understand which parts of our services are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. We also use cookies and similar technologies to see if our online advertising is bringing people to our resources and services and other online training and downloads. We use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on our website, to make it even more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our participant and network communications. We also use cookies to customise your experience and provide greater convenience each time you interact with our services.If, however, you prefer not to enable cookies you can disable them on your computer
Please note that certain features of the Lifesigns Group website may will not be available once cookies are disabled.As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyse trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the sites and to gather statistical information about our user base as a whole. In some of our email messages we use a ‘click-through URL’ linked to content. When a customer clicks one of these URLs, they pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our communications. If you prefer not to be tracked simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in the email or website.EXTERNAL LINKSThe Lifesigns Group’s online services provide links to various websites that we do not control as well as to websites of our partners and supporters. When you click on one of these links, you will be transferred out of our websites and connected to the website of the organisation or company that you have selected. Even if an affiliation exists between our websites and a third-party website, we exercise no control over linked sites and are not responsible for the privacy practices of other organisations and their websites.
Each of these linked sites maintains its own independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures. If you visit a website that is linked to our site, you should consult that site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information. This Privacy Statement applies solely to the information gathered by the Lifesigns Group.YOUR RIGHTSAll programme emails and information are compulsory for all participants undertaking their Lifesigns Group programmes and for all adults supporting them. This is to ensure everyone receives consistent information at the same time. If you do not wish to receive communications that are non-programme related you can opt-out at any time; this can be done by emailing our offices.Although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure that the information the Lifesigns Group provides is accurate at the time of publication, audiences who rely on any information do so at their own risk. The Lifesigns Group does not warrant its accuracy and disclaims any liability to any third party anywhere in the world for any injury, damage, loss or inconvenience arising as a consequence of any use of or the inability to use any information on the Lifesigns Group’s website and other communications to the fullest extent permitted at law. ACCESS AND CORRECTIONYou have a right to know about the personal information that the Lifesigns Group holds about you and to receive a copy of that information provided upon request. You also have a right to correct, amend or delete the information that the Lifesigns Group holds about you if it is incorrect. If you wish to exercise these rights, please contact us by post or email at the address shown in the ‘Contact’ section below. Please apply in writing to: Compliance Officer, The Lifesigns Group, The Kiln, Grange Road, Tongham, Surrey, GU10 1DJ.SECURITYWe take all reasonable safeguards to keep all your personal information as secure as is digitally possible. In addition to a rigorously enforced data handling policy, all our staff members are made aware of their obligations to keep the information for authorised use only. Of course, no technology is fail-safe, but we have made every reasonable effort to keep our systems up to date with the relevant protocols.All personal data should be accessible only to those who need to use it. A judgement should be based upon the sensitivity and value of the information in question; but we always consider keeping personal data:•	in a lockable room with controlled access.•	in a locked drawer or filing cabinet.•	if data is computerised it is stored on network servers and on password-protected databases and not on local systems and have suitable security access levels determined, applied and monitored.•	particular care is taken of portable ICT equipment, memory sticks etc. which are password protected and encrypted to prevent unauthorised access.•	sensitive personal data is not kept on memory sticks or routinely taken from the Lifesigns Group premises on any form of removable media. The security measures that we have put in place ensure that:•	only authorised people can access, alter, disclose or destroy personal data;•	those people only act within the scope of their authority; and•	if personal data is accidentally lost, altered or destroyed, it can be recovered to prevent any damage or distress to the individuals concerned. FUTURE POLICYWe may need to update or modify this Privacy Statement at any time, and modifications are effective upon being posted on the Lifesigns Group websites. You are responsible for reviewing this privacy statement periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes to it.CONTACTING THE LIFESIGNS GROUPIf you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the privacy practices of the Lifesigns Group or if you want to exercise any of the rights that you are given under this Privacy Statement you can contact:Email info@lifesignsgroup.co.ukPostCompliance Officer, The Lifesigns Group, The Kiln, Grange Road, Tongham, Surrey, GU10 1DJ.
Back to Top
Useful links
HOME
ABOUT US
VOLUNTEER
LATEST NEWS
BOOK NOW
Contact us +44 (0) 207 620 1411info@coralcay.orgThe Kiln, Grange Road,Tongham,  Surrey, GU10 1DJ
Follow Us
Sign up to our newsletter
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Email:
Forename:
Surname:
Country:
Thank you for subscribing to our quarterly newsletter!Please make sure to check your junk mail - you wouldn't want to miss out on all our amazing stories and offers!Best Wishes,The CCC Team Uh oh, there was an error submitting your details.Please get in touch with us directly at info@coralcay.org and we'll happily add your details manually! Best Wishes, The CCC Team
Book Now
© Coral Cay Conservation 2020. All rights reserved. Coral Cay Conservation is a trading name of Adventure Lifesigns Ltd: 4091767All SVG Icons licensed to SVG Repo under License CC 4.0
Share by: