http://www.cruisecompany.com/privacy/
(800) 274-3866
Toggle navigation
HOME
CRUISE INFO
FAQs
REGISTER
INSURANCE
THE CREW
SHORE EXCURSIONS
CHOOSE DESTINATION
Alaska
Asia / Far East
Australia / South Pacific
Canada / New England
Caribbean / Bahamas
Europe
Hawaii
Mexico
Pacific Coastal
Panama Canal
South America
River Cruises
Weekly Email Special Offers
Enter Your Email
(800) 274-3866 (209) 576-7447
Privacy Policy
At The Cruise Company
we want to establish and sustain a relationship with you, not just close a sale. We strive for the highest levels of excellence and integrity - especially in regards to protecting you privacy.
OUR PROMISE
We will never sell, share or distribute in any way personal information about you, which we acquired during your use of our website or while transacting business with us. Any information we do collect will be protected in a secure environment.
We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving your personal information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
The information we collect is used to:
Improve the content of our website;
Customize the content and/or layout of our website for individual visitors;
Communicate great travel opportunities when they become available;
Facilitate the completion of transactions requested by our customers.
In other words we only use the information we collect to provide the best service possible and we only collect personal information that you choose to give us.
From time to time we may use "Cookies" technology in order to improve the speed of our web service to you by personalizing our site to your preferences. Cookies are small text files that are usually stored on your hard drive which allow us to recognize you when you visit our website. We will never give a third party access to this information. You can easily delete all cookies from your hard drive, and, if you so choose, prevent any website from storing cookies on your hard drive through a setting on your web browser software.
Periodically we will compile general statistical information such as number of visitors to our website, time spent accessing our site, type of information reviewed, etc. These results may be shared with third parties but never with any personally identifiable data attached.
INFORMATION SHARING WITH THIRD PARTIES
The Cruise Company
will from time to time partner with other parties to provide specific services. When you sign up for these services, we will share your personal information, which is necessary for that third party to provide those services.
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that The Cruise Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage visitors to our website to be aware when they leave our site, and to read the privacy policies of each website they visit.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
Though we will make every effort to preserve your privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law if we in good-faith believe that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
BUSINESS TRANSITIONS
In the event The Cruise Company goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion or all of its assets, our customers' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
CHANGING/DEACTIVATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If at any time you want to change or update the personal information we have stored on you or if you want to deactivate that information and no longer receive communications from The Cruise Company you can contact us using the contact information listed below and we will fulfill you request.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
The Cruise Company may update and/or change this privacy policy in the future to reflect changes in our business practices. Those changes will be posted to this privacy policy statement. We encourage you to review this privacy policy from time to time. If you find any policy change unacceptable, please contact us, and request that your personal information be removed from our active file.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Business Name: The Cruise Company
Address: 1020 15th St., Suite 12, Modesto, CA 95354
Phone: 209-576-7447
Fax: 209-576-0239
Website: www.cruisecompany.com
Support Email: info@cruisecompany.com
info@cruisecompany.com
Privacy Policy
Toll Free: (800) 274-3866
Local: (209) 576-7447
21021 Ventura Blvd. Suite 300 | Woodland Hills, CA 91364
© Copyright 2020 Cruise Company. All Rights Reserved.
CST# 2144875-50