http://www.himalayanclub.org/terms-and-conditions/
The Himalayan Club
Member’s area
Forum
Blog
Donate
Contact us
About us
An introduction
History
Office bearers
Contact us
Activities
News & events
Social initiative
Anand Ram Fund
Rebuild Ladakh
Climbing Sherpas of Darjeeling
Awards
Kekoo Naoroji Book Award
Jagdish Nanavati Awards
Banff Mountain Film Festival
Resources
The Himalaya
Maps
Acclimatisation guide
Useful Links
Publications
The Himalayan Journal
About the Journal
Current Issue
Previous Issues
Search
E-Letters
Membership
Membership Application
Benefits
Online payments
Our sponsors
News & events
The Himalayan Journal Vol. 75, 2020, publishedE-Letter Vol. 40, Aug 2020, publishedAnnual Programme 2020 - ReportAddress from the President of the ClubTrek Leader & Safety Management Training for Youth Engaged in Adventure Tourism in Maharashtra
Terms and Conditions
THE HIMALAYAN CLUB USAGE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Your access to and use of this site, http://www.himalayanclub.org ("Site") is subject to the following terms and conditions and all laws applicable in India. By accessing and browsing this Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, that these Terms and Conditions shall be applicable to you and that you shall be bound by them.
All content on this Site (including text, images, graphics, icons, interfaces, audio, video, logos, and software) is the property of The Himalayan club and/or its content suppliers and is protected by Indian and international copyright laws.
All other trademarks, brands and copyrights other than those belonging to The Himalayan Club belong to their respective owners and are their property. All rights not expressly granted by The Himalayan Club in these Terms of Use are reserved to The Himalayan Club.
Resources available on this Site may be used solely for the purposes of research or making a donation. Any other usage, including the downloading, reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication or display of the content on this Site can only be made with the prior express permission of The Himalayan Club.
Any unauthorised or unapproved use of any of the content constitutes copyright infringement and subjects the user to all civil and criminal penalties provided for under domestic and international copyright laws and treaties.
You may not hot-link to images or graphics on this Site, nor can you frame the content on this Site within your website.
With the exception of the foregoing limited authorisation, no license to or right in any copyright of The Himalayan Club or of any other party is granted or conferred upon you.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, feedback, ideas, queries, comments, suggestions or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. For Confidential and/or Proprietary material, please communicate with the office bearers / Editor with express terms of use.
You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained herein without our prior and express permission. You agree that you will not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. Much of the information on our Site is updated on a real time basis and is proprietary or is licensed to The Himalayan Club by our users or third parties. You agree that you will not copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works, or publicly display any content from our Site without the prior and express written approval of The Himalayan Club or the appropriate third party.
Without limiting other remedies, we may immediately issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or terminate your use of the Site in case:
of breach of these Terms of Use or the documents it incorporates by reference; or
we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provides to us; or
we believe that your actions may cause legal liability for other users or The Himalayan Club.
We may also terminate these Terms of Use and/or your right to use the Site at any time, with or without cause.
We reserve the right to discontinue or make changes to the Site at any time.
The Himalayan Club will not be responsible or liable to any user of the Site for any direct, compensatory, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, and exemplary losses caused to the user by use of the Site for any reason including use of content, errors, inaccuracies, omissions, defects, untimeliness, security breaches or any other causes.
The Himalayan Club may at any time and without prior notice revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms of Use to which you are bound.
HIMALYAN CLUB REGISTRATION
"The Himalayan Club is a registered Society under the Societies Registration Act.
Donations to the Club are eligible for deduction under Section 80G of the Income Tax Act to the extent of 50%.
The Club is approved by the Home Ministry, Government of India under the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA) to receive donations in cash or kind from foreign sources.
In case you desire to have further details of the above registrations, please contact the Hon. Secretary of the Club at secretary@himalayanclub.org
DISCLAIMER
While The Himalayan Club exercises due diligence in checking the accuracy and authenticity of the information on the Site, The Himalayan Club makes no warranties or representations (express or implied) with respect to the content of the Site, which is provided "as is" or "as available". The Himalayan Club or any of its service providers or affiliates, associates or employees accepts no responsibility or liability whatsoever arising from or in any way connected with the use of this Site or its content. In particular, The Himalayan Club makes no representations, warranties or guarantees and will not be liable for the accuracy, completeness, adequacy, reliability, suitability, applicability, timeliness, or comprehensiveness of the information contained on the Site.
The Himalayan Club and its affiliates and associates shall not be liable, at any time, for any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of information contained on the Site.
The Himalayan Club also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing of the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
The Himalayan Club reserves the right to interrupt or discontinue any or all of the functionalities of its Site. The Himalayan Club, who is controlling this Site accepts no responsibility or liability whatsoever for any interruption or discontinuance of any or all functionality of its Site, whether the result of actions or omissions of an entity of The Himalayan Club or a third party.
The information on the Site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. The Himalayan Club reserves the right to make changes, corrections and/or improvements to such information, and to the products and programmes described in such information, at any time without notice.
The Site may contain or reference trademarks, patents, proprietary information, technologies, products, processes or other proprietary rights of The Himalayan Club and/or other parties. The Himalayan Club neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with The Himalayan Club. No license to or right in any such trademarks, patents, trade secrets, technologies, products, processes and other proprietary rights of The Himalayan Club and/or other parties is granted to or conferred upon you.
CANCELLATION & REFUNDS
Cancellation can be made before the user clicks the 'Pay' or 'Donate' buttons.
Once donations are made, they cannot be refunded.
TAX EXEMPTIONS
Donations to The Himalayan Club are exempt Under Section 80G of the Income Tax Act if you are assessed under the same. The Himalayan Club will send a receipt for the donation received along with the exemption certificate at the address provided by you at the time of making the donation.
PRIVACY POLICY
We, Himalayan Club, are committed to the ethical collection, retention and use of information that you provide to us about yourself (''Personal Information'') on this site http://www.himalayanclub.org (''Site'').
The following privacy policy sets forth our understanding with you on the collection, use and protection of your Personal Information.
Your use of the Site constitutes your consent to all the terms and conditions contained in this privacy policy (as amended from time to time) and you shall be bound by the same.
When contributing to The Himalayan Club you would be required to submit a few personal details as that are required to enable us in ensuring authentic contributions. Your Personal Information may comprise of inter alia the following:
a) your name
b) your age
c) your occupation
d) a user ID and password of your choice
e) your email and mailing address
f) your telephone number
g) your payment processing details
h) limited personal details
i) Any other data as The Himalayan Club may require
Personal Information
We only act as a passive channel for receiving and processing your requests for contribution to us or a cause supported by us based on the Personal Information you provide.
You agree and acknowledge that your requests for contribution to LOLT are processed and accepted solely on the basis of the Personal Information that you provide on the Site and you therefore agree and undertake that the Personal Information that you provide us with shall not:
a) be false, inaccurate or misleading;
b) be fraudulent;
c) violate any law, regulation, statute, ordinance, order of any court or governmental authority;
d) violate any agreement or undertaking that you are a party to;
e) be defamatory or unlawful;
f) contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel bots or any other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system or data;
g) create liability for us or cause us to lose (in whole or in part) the services of our ISPs (Internet Service Providers) or other suppliers.
In order to enable us to use the Personal Information you supply us with, so that we are not violating any rights you might have in that Personal Information, you agree to grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise all such rights as may be necessary, including the copyright and publicity rights that you have in the Personal Information, to process your request or otherwise for any other purpose.
Collection of Information
Site Browsing: You browse the Site anonymously. We do not require you to identify yourself or reveal any Personal Information while browsing through the Site. However, you may not be able to access certain sections of the Site or interact with us without supplying us with Personal Information. For instance, you would not be able to transact at the Site or make any donations at the Site, without providing the Site with Personal Information.
While you are browsing through the Site, the Site's operating system may automatically record some general information ("General Information") about your visit such as:
a) the date and time you visit the Site, along with the address of the previous website you were visiting, if you linked to us from another website;
b) the type of browser you are using (such as Internet Explorer version).
The General Information is not Personal Information. Our tracking system does not record personal information about individuals or link this information to any Personal Information collected from you.
The General Information is used by us for statistical analysis, for tracking overall traffic patterns on the Site and to gauge the public interest in us and our Site. Such General Information may be shared by us with any person, at our discretion.
Cookies
''Cookies'' are small amounts of data that a website can send to a web browser on a visitor's computer. The cookie is stored on a visitor’s computer.
A cookie may enable us, as the Site holder, to track how a visitor navigates through its Site and the areas in which they show interest. It racks trends and behaviors, but does not identify individuals. Information gathered may include date and time of visits, pages viewed, time spent at the Site, and the site visited just before and just after our Site.
To browse anonymously, you may set your browser to disable cookies or delete cookies. Please note that disabling cookies for some services will impact ability to use that service.
Usage of Information
We will keep the Personal Information collected through this Site strictly confidential and shall cause such information to be handled and used by internal and authorized officials only. However, we will keep users updated about our happenings and developments through bulletins and newsletters with an option of not to subscribe the same.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Access to Personal Information collected by us will be given only to those persons who are authorised by us and third parties hired by us to perform administrative services. We will provide access to third parties for inter alia entering and managing Personal Information in our database, processing your orders or donations preparing address labels, sending emails, which require such third parties to have access to your Personal Information. We cannot guarantee that such parties will keep your Personal Information confidential and we will not be liable in any manner for any loss of confidentiality attributable to such third parties.
We are not liable in any manner whatsoever for the loss, damage (whether direct, indirect, consequential or incidental) or harm caused to you by the misuse of your Personal Information by a third party who is not our employee.
We may share Personal Information with any persons who are associated with us, including companies and NGOs affiliated with us in any manner. We will retain rights over such Personal Information granted by you under the terms of this privacy policy, and will share only such portions of the Personal Information as we deem fit.
No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer, franchiser-franchisee or other relationship is intended or created between you and us by your use of the Site or otherwise howsoever.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein or any other contract between you and us, we reserve the right to disclose any Personal Information about you without notice or consent as needed to satisfy any requirement of law, regulation, legal request or legal investigation, to conduct investigations of breaches of law, to protect the Site or to protect us and our property.
Security
We endeavour to use up-to-date security measures to protect your Personal Information. However, we do not make any express or implied warranty with respect to the security measures that we may employ from time to time for the protection of your Personal Information.
Variation of the Privacy Policy
We shall be absolutely entitled at our sole discretion from time to time to add to, alter, delete modify or amend any of the terms and conditions contained herein. Such changes, additions, alterations, deletions or modifications shall be binding on you once you visit the Site after the Privacy Policy has been so amended.
Disputes
Any disputes in respect of this policy shall be governed by Indian law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts at Mumbai.
Resources
The Himalaya
Maps
Acclimatisation guide
Links
Blog
Social initiatives
Rebuild Ladakh
Anand Ram Fund
Climbing Sherpas of Darjeeling
Join the cause
Donate
Membership
New members/ Join in
Renew membership
Publications
The Himalayan Journal
E-Letter
Other Activities
Banff Mountain Film Festival
Other sections
Online payments
Contact us
Sitemap
Terms & conditions
Disclaimer
© 2014-18 The Himalayan Club
Developed by Modulus Software