http://www.tourist-information-uk.com/pages/terms/
Terms & Conditions - Tourist Information UK
Tourist Information UK
Home Page
UK Tourist Attractions
Amusement & Theme Parks
Castles, Palaces & Stately Homes
Zoos, Parks, Gardens & Safari Parks
Museums & Galleries
Churches, Cathedrals & Abbeys
Landmarks & Historic Sites
Other Attractions
Accommodation
Hotels
Bed & Breakfast
Youth Hostels
Self Catering
Caravans and Camping
Travel
Flights & Airports
UK Car Hire
Taxis
Trains
Buses
Ships & Ferries
Tourist Information & Advice
UK Money
UK Weather
Driving in the UK
Eating and Drinking
Public Holidays
Telephones & Mobile Phones
Emergency Services
UK Maps
UK Guide Books
DVD Videos
UK Tourist Information Centres
Terms & Conditions
We make every effort to ensure that the information on this website is accurate, reliable and up to date.
The information provided is for guidance only to help assist you find relevant tourist attractions and you should always check the accuracy of the information with the attractions directly.
Tourist Information UK is committed to protecting your privacy when you use our website. Please read our privacy policy for more information.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Scotland and Wales.
Home
|
UK Tourist Attractions
|
Attractions A-Z
|
Feedback
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Add Attraction
|
Advertising
© Copyright 2020 Tourist Information UK - Your guide to Great Britain, England, Scotland, Wales and London