http://www.girlscoutsem.org/en/our-council/privacy-policy.html
Program/Camp Registration
Contact
Forms
Shop
GSEM Blog
JOIN US
JOIN US
EVENTS
EVENTS
COOKIES+
COOKIES+
CAMP
CAMP
VOLUNTEER
VOLUNTEER
ABOUT
ABOUT
OUR COUNCIL
OUR COUNCIL
DONATE
DONATE
MY GS
MY GS
JOIN US EVENTS COOKIES+ CAMP VOLUNTEER ABOUT OUR COUNCILAbout UsCOVID-19 UpdatesBerges Family Girl Scout Program CenterContact UsEmploymentMeet Our LeadersNewsPublicationsShopWhat We Stand For DONATE MY GS
Program/Camp Registration
Contact
Forms
Shop
GSEM Blog
About UsCOVID-19 UpdatesBerges Family Girl Scout Program CenterContact UsEmploymentMeet Our LeadersNewsPublicationsShopWhat We Stand For
Our CouncilPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Web site is owned by Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri, a
501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in St. Louis, MO. Our
online properties comprise of, but are not limited to, all pages found
under girlscoutsem.org. This privacy policy applies to these sites and
other sites, mobile apps or other online services we operate that link
to this policy (collectively, referred to below as the site).
Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri is committed to respecting and
protecting the privacy of our visitors. This privacy policy discloses
how we collect, protect, and use Personal Data you provide or we
collect online, as well as how we protect children's privacy.
“Personal Data” is any information relating to an identified or
identifiable person, for example, your e-mail address, name, or phone
number. If our policy practices change in the future, we will let you
know by posting our revised privacy policy on our site. By using the
pages on this site or other services covered by the posted Privacy
Policy, you are accepting the practices described in the Privacy Policy.
PERSONAL DATA COLLECTION
At our site, we do not collect Personal Data from individuals unless
they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly and as described in
this Privacy Policy. This means we do not require you to register or
provide information to us in order to view our site. Girl Scouts of
Eastern Missouri only gathers Personal Data on our site, such as
names, addresses, Zip/postal codes, email addresses, etc., when
voluntarily submitted by a visitor. Once collected, we may combine
this information with other information collected from external
sources, where permitted by applicable law.
Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri may automatically collect certain
technical information from your computer such as your Internet service
provider, your Internet Protocol address, your browser type, your
operating system, the web pages viewed, the web pages viewed
immediately before and after accessing the Web site, and the search
terms entered to get to our site. This information may contain
Personal Data. This information will only be used and processed by us
to improve and customize our services. We and our service providers
may collect this information using "cookies," which are
small text files that many websites save on your computer, or similar
technologies. See the section on "Use of Cookies and Similar
Technology" below for more information.
USE AND SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA
The Personal Data you provide and that we collect is used and
processed by Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri and other entities who
are involved by us in the operation of this site or who provide
support for the Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri mission and programs,
for general business purposes and for the purposes for which you
provided the information. General business purposes are Girl Scouts of
Eastern Missouri membership activities, program participation,
marketing, promotions, sales, merchandising, and fundraising
activities and communications. The purposes for which you provide
information includes, for example, our use of your Personal Data to
process online transactions, purchases, and donations, facilitate
participation in Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri programs, promotions
and services, or process job applications.
We do not sell Personal Data or other information you provide to us
online with third parties. We may share Personal Data with the
following categories of third parties: (i) with Girl Scout Councils;
(ii) when the person submitting the information authorizes us to share
it; (iii) when sharing the information is with a service provider in
furtherance of our operations or the operation of the site, for
instance, to process a purchase or other transaction you make; (iv) to
facilitate participation in Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri programs,
promotions, and services, or to engage in Girl Scouts fund raising,
marketing communications and promotions; (v) to comply with legal
processes such as a subpoena or court order or to otherwise protect
your or our legal rights; or (vi) for other purposes for which you
provided the information. Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri has no
control over or responsibility for the data collection and use
practices of third parties that process online transactions. For
example, if you make a purchase on our site using a PayPal account or
similar account of a third party payment provider, certain information
is transmitted to the payment provider and is subject to the third
party's own privacy policy. We do not share or exchange your Personal
Data collected online or offline with third parties (other than our
chartered Girl Scout Councils) for their fundraising or marketing
purposes, and only in accordance with applicable law and any required consents.
Your Personal Data is collected through, stored, and processed by us
or our service providers in the United States of America or other
countries that may not be your home country and that might not be
deemed to provide protections equivalent to your home country.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri is committed to providing a safe,
secure, and fun online experience for children who visit our site. We
are dedicated to safeguarding any Personal Data collected online and
to helping parents and children have positive experiences on the Internet.
We will never knowingly request Personal Data from anyone under the
age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. With parental
consent, we may collect Personal Data from children under the age of
13 such as: name, address, email address, account information, and
user generated content. This information allows us to fulfill a
requested transaction and facilitate participation in online programs,
keep records, undertake certain marketing activities (only in
accordance with applicable law and any required consents), or to
otherwise customize or enhance the Web site experience for children.
Children under the age of 13 may be able to make certain content
such as user generated content visible to others or the public. This
could include, for example, a webpage or parts of webpages operated by
children that have been designed for group or public viewing. However,
absent parental consent, children under 13 would be allowed to display
only limited information such as a first name or unique user name or
other information that does not allow for online contacting by third parties.
Regardless of what information is displayed, parents can revoke
their consent and ask that information about their children be deleted
from the site by contacting our offices by phone at 800.727.GIRL
(4475) or via email. To do this or to review Personal Data collected
from children, we must verify the identity of the requesting parent.
When a parent revokes consent, we will stop collecting, using,
processing, or disclosing information from that child. To respect the
privacy of parents, information collected and used for the sole
purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing notice
is not maintained in retrievable form by the site if parental consent
is not obtained after a reasonable time.
The Personal Data and other information collected from or about
children under the age of 13 or otherwise may be collected by or
shared with the child's Girl Scout Council and troop.
Submissions
Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri welcomes children to learn more
about our organization and, where appropriate, participate in polls
and surveys, as well as submit comments, artwork, writings, and other
submissions for posting on our Web site. For this reason, Girl Scouts
of Eastern Missouri follows the guidelines for interactive electronic
media published by the Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of
the Better Business Bureau for pages targeted to children under 13.
However, we encourage this be done only with their parent's knowledge
and supervision. We also encourage children to use an alias (e.g.,
"Bookworm", "Skater", etc.), first name, nickname,
initials, or other alternative to full names or screen names which
correspond with an email address for any activities which will involve
public posting.
In keeping with CARU's Principle regarding respecting and fostering
the parents' role in providing guidance for their children, we
encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of email
and other online activities regularly.
USE OF COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may
be automatically collected by the Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri Web
site through the use of "cookies" or other similar
technologies such as web beacons. "Cookies" are small text
files a Web site can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the
visitor's ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to
track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow
content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a
visitor's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by
assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside
the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected
through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most
browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature.
“Web beacons” are a small snippet of code embedded in webpages
typically used to monitor activity on a webpage and transfer or
collect information, such as information about your Internet Protocol
address, the URL of the page on which the beacon is located, the
browser type that is accessing the site, and the ID number of cookies
placed on your computer.
Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri uses "cookie" technology
only to obtain non-personal information from its online visitors in
order to improve visitors' online experience and facilitate their
visit within our site. Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri may use web
beacons to improve website services, conduct website analytics, first
party advertising relating to us and our sponsors, and to optimize the
browsing experience.
Cookies expire after they have fulfilled their purpose. Our websites
use cookies that expire when you close your browser (i.e., session
cookies) or that expire after a set period of time (i.e., persistent
cookies). Cookies that are stored by third parties will have their
expiration period determined by the third party, not us.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit
our Web site. These companies may use non-personally
identifiable information (that is, not including your name, address,
e-mail address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and
other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services of interest to you on this or other websites. Read more
information about this practice at http://www.networkadvertising.org and
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/  to
know your choices about not having this information used by these companies.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
This site may be linked to other sites and services that are not
maintained by Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri. These Web sites have
their own privacy policies, which you should review prior to visiting
them. We have no responsibility for linked Web sites and provide these
links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
OUR SECURITY SAFEGUARD
The safety and security of your online experience is of the utmost
concern to us. We take measures to implement reasonable physical,
electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent
unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the
information we collect online.
Credit Card Safety
Protecting the safety of your credit card information is also
important to us. For card transactions we process, we use Secure
Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your credit
card information as it is transmitted to us. SSL is an Internet
encryption technology, and a method of scrambling data as it travels
from your computer to our Web site servers. We also encrypt your
credit card number when we store your order and whenever we transfer
that information to participating merchants.
To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit
sensitive information, check the document for your browser for
indication of an SSL connection (most browsers utilize an unbroken or
closed padlock). Verify that SSL is active before submitting sensitive
information to our server. To double-check, verify that the URL or
Address line of your browser for our site begins with "https."
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to
your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished
using a shared computer.
Children
If you are under 18, you need parent/guardian permission to use a
credit card to make purchases online.
Your Right to Opt Out from Receiving Marketing Communications
You may opt out from our using your Personal Data to send marketing
communication to you. When you register for a contest or promotion, we
provide you with the option to receive or not to receive additional
marketing communications from us. If you choose to receive these
additional communications and later change your mind, you may
unsubscribe from those additional communications at any time. For
example, e-mail messages will contain instructions on how to
“unsubscribe” from receiving the e-mail in question.
Your Right to Access, Correct, and Delete Your Personal Data
You have the right to ask us which Personal Data we hold about you.
In addition, you have the right to correct or delete Personal Data we
hold about you. If you want to request a correction or deletion of the
Personal Data we hold about you, you must contact us by mail at:  Girl
Scouts of the USA, 420 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10018, Attention:
Assistant General Counsel.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact
us at:
Girl Scouts of Eastern Missouri 2300 Ball Drive St.
Louis, MO 63146
Phone: 800.727.GIRL (4475) Monday-Friday, 8:30 am – 5:00 pm CST.
E-mail You can contact us via e-mail.
Send us your question and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Thank you for visiting our site.
This Privacy
Policy was last updated December 7. 2017.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Careers