https://www.burkesbackyard.com.au/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Menu  Fact Sheets
Select from the various categories below
Fruit and Vegetables
Pets
Chooks
Plants
Gardens
Food and Recipes
In the Garden
Conservation & Environment
People & Places
Backyard Blitz
Brought to you by
Blogs
Select from the blogs below
Don Burke’s Blog
Don’s Expert Answers
Jim Fogarty’s Landscaping Blog
Megg Miller’s Poultry Blog
Don’s Tips
Brought to you by
Videos
YouTube ChannelWhat’s OnBackyard BlitzYour QuestionsShopDirectory
PRIVACY & SECURITY
CTC Productions Pty Ltd, respects your privacy. We do not sell, rent or loan any identifiable information regarding our customers to any third party. We may use and share aggregated information when it enables us to improve and enrich our product and content offering. Any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security.
If we decide to modify our Policy, we will post a new Policy on our websites changing the date in the last paragraph of such Policy. Therefore, we invite you to consult this Policy from time to time in order to familiarise yourself with any changes.
The terms of this Policy are without prejudice to any contractual terms you may enter into with us, which shall prevail over the terms of this Policy.
Our postal Our Address is:PO Box 929,Crows Nest NSW 1585 AUSTRALIA
We can be reached via e-mail at our contact page or you can reach us by telephone on +61 2 9414 4800
The term “Personal Information” in this privacy policy means any information from which your identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained. We do not collect Personal Information about you when you visit and browse this website.
You can request information through this website without telling us who you are or revealing other Personal Information. If you send us a contact or feedback form you do not need to identify yourself or use your real name.
How we Collect Information and How We Use It
If you contact us we will collect the email address you nominate and any other identifying information you provide, such as a name or phone number.
Please do not give us other personal or sensitive information.
Other than circumstances such as unlawful activity or serious threats to health and safety, we do not share Personal Information with any other organisations. If you ask us about an issue that needs to be dealt with by another organisation, we will provide you with the necessary details to make contact yourself. You may opt out of further contact from us at any time.
Newsletter Service
Your name and e-mail address is collected from you to receive our email newsletters. You may not need to identify yourself or use your real name to use this service.
When we send out any regularly scheduled e-mail communications to members, we provide an option to not receive such e-mails and to be removed from the database.
CTC Productions Pty Ltd will not reveal your personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law.
Website Analytics
A cookie is a small file created by your web browser (eg. Internet Explorer v.5) to assign a unique identification to your computer. Our Website uses the cookie to keep track of items in your shopping trolley, we do not use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer. To shop, you need to have the cookies option of your browser turned on. However, once you’ve finished shopping, you can delete cookies from your hard drive.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google’s Privacy Policy and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google.
www.burkesbackyard.com.au also uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to “like” or “share” information from this website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other Personal Information
Online Surveys and Contests
From time to time, CTC Productions Pty Ltd may conduct online surveys that ask you for demographic data, like household information, ages, and so on. Participation in these surveys is always voluntary. CTC Productions Pty Ltd aggregates the responses received before using the information to improve the product services offered. We may also offer promotions that ask for some personal information, such as name and e-mail address, so that we can contact winners. All of these promotions follow applicable gaming regulations. And the rules and terms of each contest are posted on the site and newspaper (if necessary).
Children
Children are not eligible to use our services and we ask that minors do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with a parent or guardian.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. CTC Productions Pty Ltd are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard. It encrypts your most important personal information – your credit card number, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
We pride ourselves on our commitment and dedication to all our customers and we assure you of our integrity at all times. We do not and will not release any of your personal information.
Changing and Editing Your Information
To protect your privacy and the privacy of others, we will need evidence of your identity before we grant you access to information about you or change it.
You can request a change to your personal information by contacting us at our contact page, noting the changes required. Finally, you could contact us by calling the Customer Service Centre on +61 2 9414 4800
We will endeavour to address your request within 30 days.  If longer we will notify you and provide you with a date to expect response.
(updated 08/08/2014)
Stay in touch
Quick Search
Search for:
Subscribe
YouTube
Popular Posts
Don’s Expert Answers: Stunted sparse leaves and no...
Best Pot Plants for Sun and Shade
Magnolia Little Gem
Jacaranda Trees
Don’s Expert Answers: Poor growing Lilly Pillies