http://www.bargain-center-depot.com/privacy.html
PRIVACY POLICY
We know that you care how your information is used, and we appreciate your
trust that we will use it carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our
privacy policy. By visiting us, you are accepting the privacy policy described
below.
1. What Personal Information Do We Collect?
We do not collect any user information on our websites other than information
that is provided by awstats tracking, a free powerful and featureful tool that
generates advanced web, streaming, ftp or mail server statistics, graphically.
For more information about awstats, visit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AWStats.
2. How Do We Use Your Information?
We do not collect any user information on our websites other than information
that is provided by awstats tracking, a free powerful and featureful tool that
generates advanced web, streaming, ftp or mail server statistics, graphically.
For more information about awstats, visit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AWStats.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email
address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in
order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices
about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
3. How Do We Protect the Security of Your Information?
We do not collect any user information on our websites other than information
that is provided by awstats tracking, a free powerful and featureful tool that
generates advanced web, streaming, ftp or mail server statistics, graphically.
For more information about awstats, visit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AWStats.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password
and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
No system can guarantee absolute security, just as the finest lock can not guarantee
physical security. However, we take every reasonable precaution to assure that
your data is secure.
4. Children
We do not sell products or services to children. If you are under 18, you may
use this site only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
5. Other Websites
Various Web sites may be linked to from this site. If you link to another site,
your privacy depends on the policy of that site. We strongly urge you to check
their privacy policy. Not all sites guarantee that they will not share your
personally identifiable information with others. You may also wish to consult
privacy guidelines such as those recommended by the Online Privacy Alliance
(www.privacyalliance.org).
6. Contact Us
If you would like to learn more about our privacy policy, or to access your
personally identifiable information contained on our website, you may contact
us at sales@scaleddown.com. You will
be required to provide identifier information to assure that this information
is not released to others. We reserve the right to modify this policy in the
future. If we do so, notice will be posted on our home page.
Privacy
Policy