https://www.knotts.com/legal/covid-19-privacy
Skip to Main Content
Due to new stay-at-home requirements issued by the state of California, Knott’s Taste of Merry Farm has been cancelled beginning 12/11 through 12/26. Learn More.
Skip to Next Section
Quick Links
Privacy Policy
COVID-19 Privacy
Terms of Use
Season Pass Terms
Ticket Terms
Skip to Next Section
Cedar Fair COVID-19 Related Privacy Notice
Skip to Next Section
Cedar Fair has implemented health screening measures to help ensure safer visits and interactions at our parks, and to comply with current health guidelines, in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. Our health screening efforts require us to collect certain Personal Information from guests and other third parties that enter our parks (collectively, “COVID-19 Personal Information”).
This notice supplements Cedar Fair’s main Privacy Policy (and if you are a resident of California, this notice also supplements Cedar Fair’s California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) notice), and explains how we treat COVID-19 Personal Information that we collect.  Any terms that are not defined in this notice will have the meaning set forth our main Privacy Policy or our CCPA notice, as applicable.
We will never sell COVID-19 Personal Information or share such information with any third party except as described below.
What COVID-19 Personal Information do we collect?
We may collect identifier information such as your name and email address.  We may additionally collect your IP address if you use our mobile application.
We may collect geolocation data about your location within our parks.
We will ask if you have experienced any COVID19 related symptoms that are not caused by a known chronic health condition.
We will ask if you have been in direct contact with anyone who has been diagnosed with COVID19.
We will ask if you have been told by a healthcare professional or employer that you have been exposed to COVID19.
We will collect thermal information by taking your physical body temperature.
If you are a third party contractor working in our parks, we may collect information about whether any of your employees have been diagnosed with COVID19 or have COVID-19-like symptoms.
If you are a guest who is not cleared to enter our parks due to a physical body temperature check or health screening questionnaire, we may collect your park and accommodations reservation information.
What are our sources for the COVID-19 Personal Information that we collect?
We collect this information from you when you complete a health screening questionnaire upon entering our parks.
We collect this information through or from your device when you use our mobile application and when you complete a health screening questionnaire through our mobile application.
How do we use COVID-19 Personal Information, and what are our business purposes for collecting COVID-19 Personal Information?
We collect COVID19 Personal Information to facilitate our health screening measures to help ensure safer visits and interactions at our parks and to comply with current health guidelines in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic.
We may use your contact information, such as your email address, to send you information or responses based on your health questionnaire responses. We may also send these messages to you through our mobile application.
We may send you real-time alerts through our mobile application regarding park capacity constraints.
How is COVID-19 Personal Information stored and retained?
If you complete a health screening questionnaire through our mobile application, we store your responses for that day only, and we delete your responses within twenty-four (24) hours.
Your responses to an in-person health screening questionnaire are not stored or retained.
Do we share or disclose COVID-19 Personal Information to third parties?
Our trusted third-party service providers and affiliates who provide a service to us or assist us with our COVID19 related efforts or with operating our business may have access to your COVID-19 Personal Information solely to perform services for us.
If required by law, we share COVID19 Personal Information with governmental authorities and regulators.
California Residents
If you are a resident of California, Cedar Fair’s California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) notice applies to this COVID-19 Related Privacy Notice, and you may exercise any CCPA rights you may have with respect to your COVID-19 Personal Information.