http://www.wdwradio.com/privacy
CONTACT
Privacy policy and disclosure
Contact Lou Mongello and WDW Radio
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to WDWRadio.com and WDW Radio and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to WDW Radio include WDWRadio.com. The WDW Radio website is a News and Information site. By using the WDW Radio website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through WDW Radio’s community on Facebook, this information may be collected and used by others. We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
WDW Radio does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
WDW Radio may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to WDW Radio, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
WDW Radio may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on WDW Radio or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of WDW Radio; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of WDW Radio, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by WDW Radio. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the WDW Radio website.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Children Under Thirteen
WDW Radio does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, WDW Radio may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
Changes to this Statement
WDW Radio reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Disclosure
This site contains affiliate links to products that at no additional cost to you, I may earn a small commission. However, this does not impact our reviews, opinions, and comparisons. We only recommend products and services we would and do use myself, and all opinions expressed here are our own.
Contact Information
WDW Radio welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that WDW Radio has not adhered to this Statement, please contact WDW Radio at:
WDW Radio13506 Summerport Village Pkwy. Suite 327Windermere, Florida 34786Email Address: lou@wdwradio.com
If you have any questions, please contact us using this form:
If you are human, leave this field blank.Contact Lou MongelloNameYour nameYour E-mail *Your email addressSubjectYour messageCaptcha *reCAPTCHA is required.Submit
CONTACT AND WORK WITH LOU MONGELLOIf you are interested in working with me, or having me speak at your event, conference, business, or school, click to visit LouMongello.com
Follow LouMongello on Instagram