http://www.gimblettgravels.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Gimblett Gravels is concerned about protecting your privacy. We are committed to honouring the privacy of visitors to our website. This policy sets out how we handle email addresses, clickstream data and cookies. You have the right to access, edit and request deletion of any personal information concerning you, pursuant to the New Zealand Privacy Act 1993.
Email Address
We will only record your email address if you subscribe to any of our services. It will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it. We will not use your email address or any of your personal details for any other purpose without your consent and we will not disclose your email address without your consent. Electronic mail submitted to Gimblett Gravels is handled and saved according to the provisions of the New Zealand Privacy Act 1993.
Clickstream Data
Clickstreams are the paths a user takes when navigating a web page or the internet in general. When you visit our website, our Internet Service Provider makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes – the user’s assigned IP address, the user’s top level domain name (for example .co.nz, .gov, .com.au, .uk etc), the data and time and duration of visit to the site, and the type of browser and operating system used.
Cookies
A cookie is a short piece of data that is sent from a web server to a web browser on the user’s machine when the browser visits the server’s site. The cookie is stored on the user’s machine, but it is not an executable program and cannot do anything to your machine. Whenever a web browser requests a file from the same web server that sent the cookie, the browser sends a copy of that cookie back to the server along with the request. In this way, the server knows you have visited before and can co-ordinate your access to different pages on its website. A server cannot find out a name or email address, or anything about a user’s computer, by using cookies.
You must be at least 18 years old to visit this site.
Please verify your age