http://www.westjet.com/en-us/about-us/legal/terms-use
The browser you are using is not supported. Please see our supported browsers.
Close
COVID updates
Call times are high: please call only if your travel is within 72 hoursView all travel advisories
COVID updates
Call times are high: please call only if your travel is within 72 hoursView all travel advisories
To use WestJet.com, you agree to the website terms of use, the privacy policy, and the use of cookies.
Accept
Search
Flights
Offers
Low fare flights
Vacation offers
WestJet Rewards offers
Manage trips
Manage flights
Upgrade your seat
Email itinerary
Receipts
Baggage and service fees
Manage vacations
Safety
Check in
Flight status
Rewards
Join WestJet Rewards
About WestJet Rewards
WestJet dollars
Tiers and benefits
WestJet RBC® credit cards
Account help
Search
Close
×
Search
Suggested results:
Search
About us
Caring for our environment
Christmas Miracle
Community Investment
Executive team
Great jobs
History
Media relations
Mobile app
Our airline partners
Our fleet
WestJet legal information
Contingency plan for U.S. tarmac delays
Flight interruptions and passenger rights
Privacy policy
Privacy request form
Tariffs
Travel terms and conditions
Website terms of use
WestJet Rewards program terms and conditions
Women in Aviation
Home
About us
WestJet legal information
Website terms of use
Website terms of use
WestJet™- TERMS OF USE - April 4, 2017
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING CAREFULLY.
Legalese: While WestJet wants to be the airline you fly with because of our great prices and fun attitude, we still need to let you know about the legalities. This document sets out those terms and conditions (the "Agreement") under which WestJet ("we", "us", "our") allow you ("you", "your") to use our website ("Website"), whether you do so just to find out about us and our services or to carry out booking of travel services and other activities using the Website.
If you are visiting our Website as what we call a Visitor (see below for definitions), your use of the Website confirms that you agree to this Agreement. To access other services or parts of the Website, you may have to confirm that you have read, accepted and agreed to this Agreement by clicking on "Accept" or you will not be able to view or use those portions of the Website.
THIS AGREEMENT LIMITS THE LIABILITY OF WESTJET, GRANTS YOU A LIMITED LICENSE AND GIVES WESTJET OWNERSHIP OF AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE. ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION PROVIDED BY INDIVIDUALS ALSO BECOMES SUBJECT TO WESTJET'S APPLICABLE PRIVACY POLICY.
Help and feedback
If you require assistance using westjet.com, help in understanding the terms and provisions of this document, or you wish to provide us with feedback please call us 1-888-937-8538 (1-888-WESTJET).
Show all
Hide all
Definitions
Many of the words and phrases in this Agreement have specific meanings so we have provided those for you to read:
Who are you?
Who you are makes a difference in how this Agreement affects you. You may visit or use the Website in different roles at different times as follows
Visitor - a Visitor is anyone who visits the publicly available parts of our Website but who is not asked to click "accept". Visitors can access information from the Website's publicly available areas without telling us anything about themselves, but by using the Website Visitors still accept the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Visitors cannot access areas of the Website requiring a password, cannot book travel services, and cannot access the Data.
Guest - A Guest is an individual traveling with WestJet, obtaining travel services from or through WestJet or any other entity, whether in connection with travel services from or through WestJet or otherwise. "Guests" include individual Agents who book flights for themselves and also include the individuals with respect to whom an Agent makes travel arrangements. A Guest may book their services personally and/or directly, or they may use an Agent to do so. A Guest may access the Website as a Visitor on a different occasion without logging in. "Guest" includes a client of a travel agent and an employee or other person with respect to whom an Agent makes travel arrangements. "Guest" also includes any person who has an account with WestJet, or who is accessing the Website to view Data or other information about themselves or another individual on whose behalf they are authorized to act, such other information including travel itineraries, as well as rewards and benefits available through applicable programs, such as WestJet Rewards.
Agent - An Agent is any person who books travel services on behalf of another individual in any manner. You are an Agent if you fit within any of the following:
You are booking travel services on behalf of a friend, parent, child, spouse or other family member (but with respect to bookings you make for yourself, you are a Guest); or
You are a travel agent, or you are an employee, officer, director, contractor or agent of a travel agent (unless you are an agent but booking your own arrangements, in which case you are a Guest); or
You are acting on behalf of an organization, corporation or other entity, or are an employee, officer, director, contractor or agent of, an organization, corporation or other entity with which WestJet has entered into an agreement in order to allow such organization access to the Website in order to carry out its own booking and arrangement of travel services on behalf of its employees and others (we call those "Corporate Bookings") and you are acting on its behalf (unless you are booking your own arrangements, in which case you are a Guest).
Please note that WestJet collects and archives your IP address to use and disclose for identification and legal purposes in the event of unauthorized use or misuse of a credit or payment card fraud related to an online booking.
Other terms to know:
"act on behalf of", or similar words, means to enter into contracts or agreements in the name of or on behalf of a Guest, which must be with their knowledge, consent and authority (unless they are a minor and you are their parent or guardian and have the legal right to do so on their behalf), and includes making travel arrangements or bookings, contracting for the supply of wares or services and supplying personal information of a Guest or other individual in connection with doing so.
The "Data" means any and all records, documents, data and information related to travel arrangements and bookings for Guests, including without limitation information with respect to all travel arrangements, itineraries and schedules, contact persons, holders of credit or debit cards, dates and times of flight arrival, airlines and flight numbers, arrival and departure dates and times, hotel, lodging, accommodation bookings and schedules, Personal Information related to Guests and persons accompanying Guests, bookings on other carriers, including airlines, buslines, limousines, chauffeurs, tour operators and similar service providers, rental car bookings, and related matters.
"Personal Information" means all information about a Guest, about you, or about any other identifiable individual, including, without limitation, name, date of birth, age, gender, travel arrangements, financial information, credit or debit card and billing information, health information, allergies, food preferences, seating preferences, height, weight, consumer type and any and all other information related to or that can be connected with an identifiable individual.
Purpose for access
You agree that the purpose for our providing you with access to the Website is to allow you to obtain information and (where applicable) upload, download, create, edit, modify, add to and delete from the Data for purposes reasonably connected to making, modifying, booking, viewing, checking and managing the travel plans, schedules, itineraries and arrangements of you and/or Guests on behalf of whom you have the authority to do so, and in addition to generate and review reports on your activities, or those of Guests you act on behalf of as may be permitted by WestJet from time to time. Once received by WestJet, the Data becomes part of a database, which WestJet owns. Any Personal Information in the Data will be collected, used and disclosed by WestJet pursuant to consent provided by you and the WestJet Privacy Policy.
Persons with special needs
Reservations for persons who may have special needs require extra qualifying information for WestJet to effectively meet our guests' needs. Please contact us to make a reservation of this nature. WestJet reserves the right, without liability, to cancel any reservation made through our website for a person with special needs or disabilities, if, in WestJet's sole discretion, reasonable accommodation in accordance with WestJet guidelines on the transportation of such guests, cannot be provided in respect of the reservation made.
Your warranty and representations to WestJet
You warrant and represent to WestJet as follows:
Except where you are making your own travel arrangements, or where you act on behalf of a minor and are that minor's guardian or parent, you have the full and complete authority and consent of the Guest to enter, upload, download, edit, modify, add to and delete from the Data with respect to the Guest, including their Personal Information;
If you act on behalf of an organization, whether a travel agency (on behalf of a Guest) or are making Corporate Bookings on behalf of Guests related to or of another organization, that organization has implemented a legally compliant privacy policy and appointed responsible individuals with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information, including by you;
By accessing the Website and/or adding to, deleting or modifying Data with respect to any Guest, you are not breaching any contract, duty or law or infringing anyone's intellectual property, privacy or other legal rights;
By selecting a consumer type when making your own travel arrangements, or where you act on behalf of another guest, you should be aware that the functionality available varies by the site selected, and,
You are aware of the contents of this Agreement and agree to follow its terms and conditions.
Compliance with rules and regulations
You agree
you will follow all the rules and regulations set by WestJet from time to time. Those rules and regulations are currently as set out in this Agreement, as well as in all applicable tariffs filed by WestJet. These rules and regulations will apply to use of any kind of the Website and access to the Data and will apply to you whether you are an Agent or a Guest, or, as applicable, a Visitor.
You agree and confirm that:
you are at least 18 years of age
you possess the legal authority to enter into this agreement and to use the WestJet website in accordance with all of the terms and conditions contained in this WestJet website Reservations Agreement;
you are aware that purchases through our travel partner are subject to different terms and conditions as follows:
for travel insurance (purchased via westjet.com) as outlined in the Travel Insurance Policy
for a car rental (purchased via westjet.com) as outlined in the Important legal notice
Your agreement
You agree that at all times:
Your access to this Website is for your use for the stated purposes in this Agreement only. You will not allow or provide access to this Website to any unauthorized person or any person under the full age of majority in your jurisdiction, unless such access is continuously supervised by you;
You are using this website solely to determine the availability of travel related goods and services and to make a legitimate reservation with WestJet.
If you are a bona fide Agent, as defined in this Agreement, your access to this Website is permitted solely for the purposes of carrying out your role as an Agent, and any access or use other than as permitted to an Agent is prohibited. You are permitted to access this Website and download copies of content from this Website for use within your own organization only to the extent reasonably required to fulfill your obligations to the other individual or individuals for whom you are booking travel services;
If you are a bona fide Visitor or a Guest, you are permitted to access this Website and download copies of content from this Website for non-commercial and personal use only;
You will select the consumer type appropriate to the person that will be travelling.
Relationship
You agree that by using WestJet's website or by making a reservation, you and WestJet are not entering into:
An employment relationship
A business partnership or joint business venture;
A consulting relationship; or
A relationship where either of you act as each other's legal agent.
Withdrawal of access for cause
This agreement grants no rights, only privileges and permission. You agree that WestJet, in its absolute discretion, will be the sole judge of whether you have breached any provision of this Agreement and that any privileges or permission granted to you as an individual under this Agreement may be revoked, suspended or terminated by WestJet at any time without notice.
Waiver
You acknowledge that the Internet and websites accessed by you are inherently dangerous and subject to computer, system and network failure as well as nasty human activity. While WestJet will take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to maintain the security of this Website and the Data and your privacy and confidentiality with respect to information you provide, you agree that you use this Website completely at your own risk and that in no event shall WestJet be held liable for any loss or damages, however caused, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, even if caused by the negligence of WestJet.
Disclaimer
WESTJET DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS WEBSITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT IT AND ITS SERVER OR SERVERS ARE OR WILL BE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR OTHER HARMFUL CONTENT, DEVICES OR PROGRAMS. THIS WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENT AND MATERIAL, AND ACCESS TO THE DATA, ARE ALL PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS, WHERE IS", AND "AS AND WHEN AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS, GUARANTEES, CONDITIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE LAW, WESTJET DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL CONDITIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE CONDITION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY AND THE CONDITION OR WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WESTJET MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION OF NON-INFRINGEMENT. WESTJET FURTHER MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE DATA ACCESSED BY USE OF THE WEBSITE.
WestJet strives to ensure information is accurate and current. However, we make no representations to you about the accuracy of the information contained on the WestJet website, or the reliability of the reservations services provided herein. This includes, without limitation, the availability of seating on any particular flight regarding fare class, flight number, price, departure and return dates and times, connecting flights and the like.
Limitation of damages
You further agree WestJet will not be liable to you for any damages you may suffer and that IN NO EVENT WILL WESTJET BE LIABLE FOR indirect, general, special, economic, consequential, EXEMPLARY or punitive damages resulting from the use of this Website, whether in tort, contract or any other cause of action, including without limitation, for loss of data, information or programs, or damage to computers or networks, or from breach of privacy and similar personal rights, or from infringement of intellectual property rights, OR FROM DEFAMATION, LIBEL OR SLANDER, or any other damages whatsoever, whether or not WestJet shall have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Further disclaimer of WestJet
While WestJet will make reasonable commercial efforts to make the Data available on a reasonable basis, WestJet accepts no obligation to do so on any pre-agreed basis or at all. WestJet may interrupt access to the Data, or terminate access to the Data at any time, without notice or liability. Access to the Data shall in all cases be a privilege and not a right or proprietary interest of any kind. Subject to its privacy policies and applicable law, WestJet shall be free to modify, change, delete, and generally deal with the Data as it sees fit. Other parties may have access to the Data and can change, modify, amend or delete the Data. WestJet has no control over such third parties and no event will WestJet be liable for any reliance by you on the Data.
Enforcement
WestJet's performance of its obligations under this agreement is subject to all applicable laws and regulatory requirements . Nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of WestJet’s rights and obligations to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the WestJet website or information provided to, or gathered by WestJet with respect to such use.
Evidence
Computer records stored in reasonably secure conditions by WestJet with respect to the Data, the Website and your access to them will be accepted as conclusive evidence of your conduct, communications and dealings with the Data and the Website. Computer records will be deemed to be stored in reasonably secure conditions if systematically recorded on a durable and inalterable medium, including a write-protected disk, tape, CD or DVD or similar medium, or, if upon an alterable medium, upon reasonable proof that such record has not been altered.
Injunctive and similar relief
You agree that any breach by you of this Agreement will not be fully compensable in damages and you therefore agree that WestJet shall be entitled to immediate equitable, injunctive and other similar relief against you without notice and without the necessity of proving damages or the likelihood of damages.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and save harmless WestJet for any damages sustained should you breach your warranties and representations or any term or condition of this Agreement.
Grant of limited license
WestJet grants to you a non-exclusive, limited and revocable license to download and view the Data and other content available on this Website on your computer for the purposes stated in this Agreement and no other purposes.
Non-assignment by you
You may not assign this Agreement. It is and shall remain personal to you.
Termination
WestJet may terminate this Agreement at any time with or without notice to you in its absolute discretion. You may not terminate this Agreement, which shall remain in force, with such provision, without limitation, to apply pursuant to any agreement between WestJet and, if you are an Agent, any organization you are employed with or on whose behalf you access the Data. However, you may advise WestJet that you wish your access account rendered inactive and we will do so.
Entire
agreement
This is the entire agreement, contract and understanding between you and WestJet.
Other sites
You agree that WestJet has no control over the content or performance of any website linked to or from this Website, that WestJet expresses no opinion concerning the content or performance of any such website, and that WestJet shall in no event be held liable or responsible for the content of any such website.
You agree to and are bound by the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service (including the Google Privacy Policy).
Governing law
This Agreement shall in all respects be governed by the laws of the Province of Alberta, Canada and the laws of Canada in effect in the said Province at the time. You agree that any and all disputes will be adjudicated only by the courts in the City of Calgary, Alberta, Canada. You expressly submit to and attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts, and you undertake and agree to bring no complaint and file no action in any other Court whatsoever. Nothing contained in this section shall prevent WestJet from commencing an action in any court of competent jurisdiction in order to seek damages and/or equitable relief against you for breach of this Agreement. Use of the WestJet website in any jurisdiction not giving effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions is unauthorized.
Severance and enurement
Should any portion or portions of this Agreement be held by a Court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, then such portion or portions shall be severed from this Agreement, and the remaining portions of the Agreement shall be enforced. This Agreement shall enure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators and permitted assigns of you and WestJet, including its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Copyright and trademark notices
All contents of the WestJet website are: Copyright © WestJet Airlines Ltd. *WestJet ® is a registered trademark of WestJet Airlines Ltd. Other trade-marks of third parties on the website are the property of such parties, used with permission. All rights are expressly reserved.
AND
This is the end of this Agreement. If you made it this far, congratulations! Thank you for your attention, and we hope to see you flying us soon.
Close