http://www.autospies.com/privacy.aspx
AutoSpies.com
|
Newsletter
|
Automotive News
Top News
Most Recent
Spy Shots
Spy News
New Cars
Misc News
Photo Galleries
Reviews
Report Cards
Videos
Polls
Rumors
Auto Sales
Submit An Article
Photo Galleries
Beijing Exhibition-Auto China 2020Infiniti QX60 Monograph Auto Tech & Gadgets 20202021 Ford Bronco FamilyBest Spy Photos Of Summer 20202021 Dodge Durango Charger Challenger Hellcat2021 BMW 5-Series Spy ShotsSpy Shots May 2020Girls and Cars-QUARANTINE EditionGeneva Motor ShowGeneva Motor Show PreviewConsumer Electronics Show (CES)2019 LA Auto ShowLA Auto Show Preview2019 SEMA ShowSEMA PreviewiPhone 11 Pro Max Photo Sample GalleryFrankfurt Motor ShowMonterey Car Week2019 Goodwood Festival of Speed
View more galleries…
PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction – explanation of privacy and the policy.
We, AutoSpies.com, are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (together with our Website Terms Of Use) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act).
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect and process the following types of information provided by you:
• Name
• Address
• Email address
• Telephone number
HOW WE COLLECT DATA
Information provided by you
Information that you provide by:
• Filling in forms on our site
• Emailing us.
• Details you have given when entering a competition or promotion run by us.
• Details of any problems you report regarding our service or site.
Automatic Information and Cookies:
• We may capture and store some information about your computer (such as your IP address).
• We also use cookies which record details of your visits to our site.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are stored on a computer.
This information is purely statistical and does not identify you as an individual. We use this data to help us understand our users’
browsing patterns and to shape our marketing.
Other communications:
• We may keep records of any contact you have with us.
•
We may record details of any calls that you make to us expressly for the purposes of maintaining customer service standards and as-
sisting with staff training.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information that we collect via our site or through correspondence with you to improve the service that we provide to you. We will only use the information you have provided us with to:
• Plan and manage our activities, possibly through researching and analyzing your use of the site.
• Provide you with information about new services.
We will never pass your email address on to a 3rd party for marketing purposes.
YOUR PERSONAL DATA
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all stepsreasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your information to third parties:
•
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
•
If the business or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
•
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Website Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, safety of AutoSpies.com and that of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit
risk reduction.
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
Unfortunately, the transfer of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try and prevent unauthorised access and protect your personal data against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires.
ACCURACY OF INFORMATION
You are responsible for informing us when your personal details have changed. Please note that notification of any change must be in writing. It is then our responsibility to update our records accordingly.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
Any access request may be subject to a fee to meet our administrative costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
By accepting this Privacy Policy and our Website Terms of Use, you are expressly consenting to our use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. If for some reason you object to this use and any disclosure of your personal information then please do not register with us.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about your personal data or our Privacy Policy, or if you wish to correct any data about yourself that you
feel to be inaccurate, please write to the secretary for Eva Kecseti at our address on the contact page.
If you do not want to receive offers or contact from us from us by email please email feedback@autospies.com
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Our policy may change from time to time. This site will always contain our current policy. Where appropriate, we will notify you of any important changes by email.
The last updating of this Privacy Policy took place in November 2008.
Submit an article
Photo Galleries
AutoSpies presents the best Auto Show Photos, Automotive Videos, Car Reviews and Hot Rides. Paris Motor Show
Latest Photo Galleries
2021 Ford F-150 Tremor2022 Acura MDX2021 Bronco Sport Spy PhotosVolvo V90Lamborghini Urus2021 Lincoln Nautilus2022 Honda Civic Prototype2022 Subaru BRZ2022 Infiniti FX552021 Jeep Wrangler 392 And Full LineThe New BMW iX2021 Hyundai Sonata And Elantra NAznom-PalladiumGM Hummer EVAcura MDX Prototype2022 Volkswagen Taos2021 Hyundai Santa FeSPY Photos Fall 20202021 Jaguar XFNew BMW 4-Series ConvertibleBeijing Exhibition-Auto China 2020Infiniti QX60 Monograph VW ID.42021 BMW M3 And M4Auto Tech & Gadgets 2020Nissan Z Proto2022 Hyundai Tucson2021 Ford Ranger Tremor PackageLucid MotorsMaserati MC20Jeep Grand Wagoneer Concept2021 Mercedes-Benz S-Class2021 Porsche Panamera2021 Toyota Tacoma2021 Hyundai Palisade Calligraphy EditionAston Martin 007 Limited Editions2021 RAM TRXJeep Grand Cherokee TrackhawkCadillac LYRIQPorsche Cayenne TurboAston Martin Vantage2021 Ford Bronco FamilyBentley Continental GTBest Spy Photos Of Summer 20202021 Dodge Durango Charger Challenger Hellcat2021 Ford Bronco2021 KIA K52021 Ford F-1502021 Mercedes AMG GT 432021 BMW M5
More photo galleries
AutoSpies.com
About Us
Contact Us
Advertising
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Development and hosting by T-Tech Solutions LLC