https://www.opentable.com/legal/cookie-policy
COOKIES AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING POLICY
What are Cookies?
Cookies and
similar tracking technologies, such as beacons, scripts, web beacons and tags
(which together we refer to as “cookies”),
are small bits of text, usually stored on a user's computer hard drive or within
a browser. They enable a website to remember information about the user's visit
to the website. On mobile websites and mobile applications, we use device
IDs and / or Advertising IDs in a similar manner to which we use cookies.
We and certain
third-party partners (as described below) use cookies on our websites, our
mobile applications and within emails or other communications we send to you
(we refer to these together as our “Sites”).
To the extent
the cookies we use for these purposes lead to the processing of your personal
information, details about how we use that personal information and your rights
over that personal information are discussed in our Privacy Policy.
What Types of Cookies are used on our Sites and what do we use them for?
OpenTable uses “first
party cookies,” i.e., those that are used solely by us or by third parties who
act only on our instructions or on our behalf. These types of cookies are used
for our own analysis of our own Sites, or to provide functionality such as
remembering your language preference.
Other cookies
on our Sites are used both by us for the purposes described in this policy and
by third parties for purposes where those third parties may wish to combine
information from our Sites with information from other sites to improve their
services.  For example, these types of
cookies may be used for interest-based advertising purposes.
The cookies
used on our Sites, by either us or by third parties, can be “session” cookies,
or “persistent” cookies. “Session” cookies are deleted automatically when you
close your browser, and are used for things like ensuring you are kept logged
in as you navigate around our Sites. “Persistent” cookies remain stored on your
device or browser even after you close it. These cookies are used, for example,
to recognize you when you come back to our Sites.
We divide the
cookies we use into three categories:
Type of cookie
Description of how
we use this type of cookie
What choices do you
have?
Required
To provide a secure log-in to our Sites.
To keep you logged in so that you
do not have to log in repeatedly to access different pages of the Sites.
To allow us to remember how far you are through a booking, to ensure
that the booking process can be completed.
Required cookies are necessary for our Sites to operate. On some
platforms, you can delete all cookies, but this may affect the basic
functionality of the Sites.
Functional
To recognize if you have visited previously, and remember your preferences
from past visits, such as your language preference.
To track when you make purchases or
bookings on websites operated by our group companies (e.g., travel bookings
on KAYAK or Booking.com or car rentals on Rentalcars.com), so that we can
display your bookings with our group companies on your OpenTable account
page.
To improve our Sites and our
offerings by helping us to understand how users use the Sites and to analyze trends
which appear in that data. For example, we make changes to the user interface
if we can see that certain pages are difficult for a large number of users to
navigate. We also collect broad information about how our users use the Sites,
for example, to understand which aspects of our Sites and our services are
particularly popular, so that we can make improvements going forward.
To personalize your experience of
our Sites, for example, by suggesting restaurants or showing you offers on
our homepage or in emails that are most relevant to you based on your
previous visits to our Sites or those operated by our group companies.
Where required by law, functional cookies will be used only on the
Sites where you have given your consent to their use.
You can change your cookie preferences at any time using the “Cookie
Preferences” tool available in the footer of our Sites.
You can opt out of our use of Google Analytics by downloading the
browser add-on here.
Advertising (e.g., Google DoubleClick, AdWords)
To recognize you if you have used
our services on another device. We combine information received from multiple
devices to determine if you are using a new device, so that we can continue
to provide you with a personalized experience on our Sites.
To enable you to post to social
media sites and other platforms, for example, to allow you to access a
particular social media page to post a comment or a “like.”
To collect information for use in
advertising on our own Sites and on third party sites which you may visit.
Such information is based on your preferences and your usage of our Sites. We
have included more information about our use of advertising cookies below.
Where required by law, advertising cookies will be used only on the
Sites where you have given your consent to their use.
You can change your cookies preferences at any time using the “Cookie
Preferences” tool available in the footer of our Sites.
You can opt out of our use of Google Analytics by downloading the
browser add-on here.
Our Advertising Cookies
We work with
third-parties that place cookies on our Sites to provide their services,
including:
1.
Ad Targeting. We work with third-party advertising companies to serve ads while you
are visiting our Sites and to permit these companies to place and access their
own cookies on your computer in the course of serving advertisements on our
Sites.
These companies may use information
obtained through their cookie (which does not include your name, address,
e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to our Sites and other
websites, in combination with information about your purchases and interests
from other online sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services of interest to you.
We also allow certain third parties
(as described in our Privacy Policy to collect web log data from you (which may include
IP address, where permitted, and information about your browser or operating
system), when you visit our Sites, or to place or recognize a unique cookie on
your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content. The cookies
may reflect de-identified usage data or other data linked to data you
voluntarily have submitted to us, for example, your email address, that we may
share with third parties solely in hashed, non-human-readable form.
2.
Advertising Analytics/Measurement.  We make use of analytics cookies as part of
our online advertising campaigns to learn how users interact with our Sites
after they have been shown an online advertisement, which may include
advertisements on third-party websites. In
particular, our Sites
use Google Analytics 360 Suite, including Google Analytics
Advertising, which are web analytics and analytics advertising services
provided by Google, Inc., which use third party cookies. Where required, our
Sites have activated the IP address anonymization functionality so that the IP address
of the user is shortened by Google. Our Sites also use the following Google
Analytics Advertising features:  Google Remarketing, Google Segments,
Double Click by Google, AdWords and BigQuery. These features use third
party cookies to collect information about our website traffic by tracking
users across websites and across time and generating reports for us to better
understand our website users and to create audiences for our advertisements
based on such understanding.
3.
Remarketing Pixel Tags. In addition, we may share website usage
information about visitors to our Sites with third-party advertising companies
for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements and for market
research analysis on our Sites and other sites. For these purposes, we and our
third-party advertising companies may place pixel tags (also called clear gifs)
on some of the pages you visit on our Sites. We will then use the information
that is collected using these pixel tags to serve you relevant advertisements
when you are visiting other sites on the Internet. These advertisements may be based
on your interests, for example, on the basis of specific searches you conducted
on OpenTable during earlier browsing sessions.
4.
Other Cookies: Our partners, who provide certain features on our Sites or display
advertising based on your browsing activity, also use Local Storage such as
HTML5, to collect and store content information and preferences. Please note
that different web browsers offer their own management tools for removing HTML5
local storage.
Mobile
Devices, Anonymous Device Identifiers and Hashed IDs. We and/or third parties that we have
engaged may collect and store a unique identifier matched to your mobile
device, in order to deliver customized ads or content while you use
applications or surf the internet, or to identify you in a unique manner across
other devices or browsers. In order to customize these ads or content, we or a
third party may collect de-identified usage data or other data about you which
you have either voluntarily submitted to us, for example, your email address,
or has been passively collected from you, such as your device identifier or IP
address, where permitted. However, if we share your email address, we share it
solely in hashed, non-human-readable form.
Your Cookie Choices
We provide you
with choices over the use of cookies as described in this policy.
Browsers. If you are located in the European Economic
Area, when you first visit our websites, you will see our Cookie Preferences
options, which allow you to choose whether you would like to accept only
Required cookies, or whether to accept Functional or Advertising cookies as
well. You can update your choices at any time by clicking “Cookie Preferences”
in the website footer, or here.
More generally, you
may be able to change the settings to have your browser refuse certain cookies
or notify you before accepting cookies.
To do so, please follow the instructions provided by your browser which
are usually located within the "Help", "Tools" or
"Edit" facility.  Some third
parties also provide the ability to refuse their cookies directly by clicking
on an opt-out link, and we have tried to indicate where this is possible in the
table above.
You can also find
more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have
been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Mobile
Devices. If
you no longer wish to receive interest-based advertising on your mobile
applications, please refer to your device’s operating system settings and
follow instructions below.
1.
iOS
users: To use the "Limit Ad-Tracking" option, follow the instructions
provided by Apple here: Apple Support Center
2.
Android
Users: To use the "opt-out of interest-based advertising" option,
follow the instructions provided by Google here: Google Play Help
3.
Users of other mobile operating systems: Options
may be available in your mobile device’s settings menus.
4.
You
may also consider downloading the DAA AppChoices Mobile App to manage online
behavioral advertising technology.
If you no
longer wish to receive interest-based advertising on your mobile device
browser, you can follow the steps in relation to Browsers outlined above.
Do-Not-Track
Signals. We
currently do not employ technology that recognizes “do-not-track” signals from
your browser.
Please keep in
mind that, without cookies, you may not have access to certain features on our
Sites, including access to your profile/account and certain personalized
content. Removing all cookies from your computer could also affect your
subsequent visits to certain websites, including our Sites, by requiring that, for
example, you enter your login name when you return to that website. Please note
that even if you exercise any of the choices described above, you will still
see ads, but they will not be based upon the information collected through
these tracking technologies and therefore not necessarily relevant to your
interests.
Privacy
Policy. Please
review our privacy policy
for additional details about how we collect, use, and disclose information in
connection with our Sites, including personal information obtained from cookies,
and for information about how to contact us if you have any questions.
(Environment: prod-sc) (Machine Name: 3fb615c85656) (Request ID:68e7af6f-8712-47f1-b645-b095a5be4495)