http://www.thecarmagazine.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is extremely important to TheCarMagazine.com. The importance of protecting all personal data collected about you, while you visit our web site
cannot be overstated. Some examples of personal data are your full name, address, your e-mail address, employment status, as well as any information that
you may divulge about the products and services that you prefer to use.
We utilize a Privacy Policy to guide us in how we collect, store and use your personal data. Our objective is to manage your data with all possible regard
for your privacy. Further, we will treat your personal data, with the utmost respect, as if it were our confidential business data.
The details below outline specific points of our privacy policy:
Notification
We will notify you of any information that may be construed as personal that is being or is about to be collected about you, or your web browsing profile.
Data Storage
We will take all measures that are deemed to be appropriate by us to ensure that all personal data that we collect from you during your visits to and
transactions with TheCarMagazine.com is safeguarded against improper use. TheCarMagazine.com does not store any credit card data on our servers.
Sharing Data
Within our “Terms of Use” we will disclose all instances where we may share your data with another organization. For example, we may share your contact
information from time to time with specific new car dealers who supply you with vehicle price quotes. At times, we do share information with affiliates or
our service partners in order to complete any of the above listed activities.
What Data Do We Collect
We do monitor your visit to our web site, this information is used internally to perform traffic analysis. We would collect specific information from you
during any online transaction. You must approve the submission of this data prior to our receiving it.
Cookies
Cookies are utilized during your visit to our website. We currently utilize 3 types of cookies. Stored cookies, session based cookies and third party
cookies. As the names imply, stored cookies remain on your computer even after you leave the web site. They are used to help identify you when you return
to the site, by identifying you a web site can be programmed to personalize your experience, i.e. remembering your user id and password for a web site. A
per session cookie can be used to identify the beginning and end of a session at a particular web site. We use per session based cookies within our pricing
system, as such your web browser must be set up to accept the cookies. We also use stored cookies to measure traffic on our web site, but you will be able
to use our site even if these cookies are not accepted. Finally third party cookies are set by organizations other than CarCostCanada. These cookies use
the same functionality as those set by our web site. They are used by advertisers on our site to track the effectiveness of their online advertising
campaigns. Third party cookies also are used by pricing database in relation to our third party data supplier, Chrome Corporation, who supply us with
vehicle specification data.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or are concerned about any aspect of our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Car Shopping Tools
New Car Prices & Reviews
Quick Find Tool
Build & Price
News & Reviews
Go
Leasing & Lease-Take-Over
Search for a vehicle lease
Get out of my vehicle lease
Search for a vehicle lease
Get out of my vehicle lease
Powered by LeaseBusters.com
Integrity Pre-owned Vehicles
Search for an IPO vehicle
Sell my vehicle
Search for an IPO vehicle
Sell my vehicle
Powered by FinanceBusters,com