http://www.worldrover.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement for WorldRover
WorldRover has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: WorldRover
Information Automatically Logged:
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies:
Our Site uses cookies only in conjunction with third party advertisers.
Please read below
regarding the use of cookies by advertisers.
Advertisers:
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Some customer data is shared with the advertising companies.
Contact Information :
Our site's newsletter requires users to give us contact information.
Contact information from newsletter is used to send information and updates about our company.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links:
This site contains links to other sites. WorldRover is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums:
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security:
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out:
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from us .
You can send email to admin@worldrover.com
Data Quality/Access:
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can send email to admin@worldrover.com
Contacting the Web Site:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
admin@worldrover.com
home
history
stats
embassies