http://www.grassfire.net/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement
PRIVACY
& USAGE STATEMENTS
Grassfire is exclusively an
"opt-in" service.  We do not send unsolicited email.
The only way to receive email directly from Grassfire is to sign a petition
and submit your name, address, and email address.  By doing so you are
signing an electronic petition and authorizing us to add your information
to our database of petitioners.
Information collected:
To sign the petition we require that you provide your name, address, city,
state, zip, country, and email address. Other optional information that you
may choose to provide may include phone numbers, demographic information,
preferences, etc..
POLICY
ON SPAMMING. Grassfire.net seeks to secure the Internet privacy of
every person signing this petition. Therefore, your e-mail address will not
be sold, traded, or shared with any other organization without your explicit
consent.
By checking the "please
email me updates on how the petition is doing" you will receive regular
email from Grassfire updating you on the petition results approximately once
a week.  In all such email sent to you there will be an "unsubscribe"
link that you may click to immediately unsubscribe and receive no further
email from Grassfire.
Privacy Statement:  Grassfire.net
is the exclusive sponsor of this petition. No other organization is involved.
At no time will your email address be sold, shared, or traded without your
explicit consent. From time to time Grassfire may, at its' sole discretion,
share all other information regarding petitioners in aggregate or at an individual
level with select partner organizations.
Changes to the Privacy &
Usage Statements
Grassfire may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial
changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you.
©COPYRIGHT
2002
by Grassfire.net. The information herein and the breakthrough interface
are the property of
Grassfire.net and may not be used or duplicated without permission.
"Grassfire.net" and
"Grassfire Link" are trademarks of Grassfire.net.
Patent Pending.