http://www.jdht.com/terms-and-conditions/
MENUHomeAbout UsOpening Times and AdmissionMuseum DisplaysContact UsUseful LinksThe ArchiveHeritage CertificatesPaint CodesResearch EnquiryAccess to Archive RecordsImages and Moving FootageChassis Number - GuidesTax & MOT ExemptionVehicle CollectionHistory & EngineeringJaguar PeopleJaguar DriversJaguar EngineeringDaimler HistoryDaimler PeopleDaimler EngineeringLanchester EngineeringPress ArticlesShopJaguar Daimler Heritage Trust Terms and Conditions
It is important that you read these Terms and Conditions carefully. Together with our Privacy Policy, they govern our relationship with you in relation to this website and your purchase of goods from it.
Please note, this site is not intended for children, specifically anyone under the age of 16, so if you are under this age please do not use our site.
Contact details
Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust
Collections Centre
British Motor Museum
Banbury Road
Gaydon
Warwickshire
CV35 0BJ
Occasionally, you may need to contact us regarding your order or to ask us a question. Below are a list of email addresses and phone numbers for our departments. Please contact the department that is best suited to your enquiry.
General Enquiries – enquiries@jaguarheritage.com / +44 (0)2476 564420
Archive enquiries – archive@jaguarheritage.com / +44 (0)1926 646385
Photographic enquiries – media@jaguarheritage.com / +44 (0)1926 646388
Events enquiries – events@jaguarheritage.com / +44 (0)2476 564431
Film enquiries – film@jaguarheritage.com
/ +44 (0)1926 646388
If you’re unsure of what department you need to speak to, contact General Enquiries and we’ll be able to help you.
Use of our website
Your use of this site and the information available on this site is subject to the Terms and Conditions set out below and by using this site you are acknowledging your consent to them. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions in full, you must stop using this website immediately.
Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust in its sole discretion reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice. Any changes will be posted here.
We have made every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information contained in this site. Also, we are constantly seeking ways to improve the specification, design and production of our products and services, and alterations take place continually. Whilst every effort is made to produce up to date products and specifications, this site should not be regarded as an infallible guide to our products and services.
Any reference in this site to speed or performance should not be taken as an encouragement to drive either dangerously or at speeds in excess of national limits.
No contract shall exist between you and Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust for the sale of any product unless and until you have received confirmation of your order from us. Once the confirmation has been received, there will be a legally binding contract between us.
How to order from our website
To order from our website, you are able to checkout as a guest or, if you plan to order again, you can register an account. If you choose to register an account, you are responsible for keeping your username and password confidential.
Once you have compiled your order, you will be asked to confirm that it is correct. If it is not correct, you can revisit your order and correct the mistakes before confirming and submitting your order to us. It is your responsibility to ensure that your order is correct before submitting it to us. When you submit your order, you are offering to buy the goods at the price set out in the order.
To complete payment for your order, you will be re-directed to Shopify where you can enter your payment information. Once you have entered your payment information and your payment has been confirmed, you will then be directed to a final confirmation screen displaying the details of your order.
We will acknowledge receipt of your order by e-mail. This is not an acceptance of your order. The contract between us is not formed until we confirm that we have accepted your order or we dispatch the goods to you, whichever is the earlier. If you do not receive an order acknowledgement from us then we may not have received your order.
Please contact us on +44 24 7656 4420 or by e-mail at shop@jaguarheritage.com if you have not received an acknowledgement of your order within five (5) working days.
Can other people use my registered account?
You should not permit other people to use your username or your password.
You should contact us (using the contact details at the beginning of this document) as soon as possible if you believe that anyone has obtained your log-in details without your permission or if you become aware of any other breach of security on this website. We will not be responsible to you if there is unauthorised access to your log-in details or unauthorised activity on this website as a result of your log-in details becoming known by someone else, unless this is due to our own failure to take proper care.
What do I do if I believe I made a mistake on my order?
If you discover you have made a mistake with your order after you have submitted it to us, please contact us immediately (using the contact details at the beginning of this document) so we can try to correct the mistake before the goods are dispatched.
If we need to clarify any information on your order, we will contact you directly using the email address you supply to us so please take care when entering your email address.
Heritage Certificates
The information contained on a Heritage Certificate is taken from original build ledgers kept in the Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust Archive, relating to a particular chassis number. All the relevant information from the original build ledgers will be included on the certificate, subject to exclusions if the applicant for a Certificate does not provide original numbers of the vehicle, or does not provide appropriate documentation such as the vehicle’s V5, or equivalent Title document.
Where a Heritage Certificate is applied for with no supporting official documentation, the Certificate is only issued with the numbers as provided by you if they match the original numbers recorded in the build ledger. Where numbers are not provided, we enter “Number not supplied by enquirer” and if numbers on the application do not match those in the build ledger, the Certificate will show “Number supplied by enquirer is not original”.
However, if an application is accompanied by a copy of the V5C/Title document, any missing or non-original numbers will be replaced by the numbers from the build ledger (if recorded), prefaced by the word “Originally”. A private “bill of sale” or other similar document is not acceptable as legal proof of existence. Please note that we always reserve the right to refuse to issue a certificate. A refund will be made if we cannot issue a certificate for a car.
Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust regrets that we cannot add any information on a Certificate, which cannot be documented from the original build ledgers in our archive, even if such information is supported by reliable evidence from other records not held by Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust. Nor can we issue a Certificate for a vehicle, if the Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust Archive does not contain any record of that vehicle.
The Certificate service is offered only for cars at least ten years old, or such other time limit as may be set. The name of the applicant, or another party nominated by the applicant, will appear on the Certificate. Certificates will not be issued without a name, whether of a proper person or of a company.
Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust does not inspect vehicles which are being researched. While a Certificate confirms the original specification of a car from the chassis number, a Certificate is not in itself a confirmation of the identity, provenance, originality, or present condition of a particular car. A Certificate does not represent proof of ownership of a car. A Certificate is intended solely as a reference and source of information for the applicant.
The certificates are A4 size (297mm x 210mm) and are posted by first class or air mail in hardback envelopes. Additional or replacement certificates are available at a cost of £25.00 plus VAT. To obtain an additional or replacement certificate, please forward the original certificate or a photocopy thereof.
When will I receive my order?
We aim to dispatch goods purchased from the Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust Shop within 10 (10) working days of you placing an order but we cannot give an exact delivery date. If we are unable to dispatch your order within thirty (30) days, we will let you know this, and only if you agree we will dispatch the item if and when it becomes available.
The exception to this is Heritage Certificates which can take up to 28 days to issue and dispatch. We will always attempt to issue certificates sooner than this but occasionally more research is required depending on the vehicle.
If you order more than one item, we also may deliver the goods in several consignments but will not charge any extra delivery for this.
We will arrange for delivery of the goods by Royal Mail, postage and packing costs will be calculated during the checkout process based on weight and the destination country.
Please be aware that cross border delivery times may be affected by customs inspections.
If you have not received the goods within thirty (30) calendar days of submitting your order or any other date that we have agreed with you please let us know as soon as possible and we will investigate.
Your right to cancel
When ordering from Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust you may cancel your order for any reason at any time up to the point of dispatch.
To cancel your order, you must notify Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust by e-mail to shop@jaguarheritage.com or by calling +44 (0) 24 7656 4420 as soon as possible after making your order.
If Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust have already dispatched the product to you, then you can call us on +44 (0) 24 7656 4420 or email shop@jaguarheritage.com, to discuss your options regarding cancellation or a refund.
What do I do if I believe my order is incorrect?
Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust hopes that all of its customers are happy with their purchases. However, if the product(s) Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust delivers are not what you ordered or are defective, damaged or incorrect, please let us know, using our contact details, as soon as possible and we will discuss your order and your options with you.
If you have applied for a Heritage Certificate, while we take every care to ensure that we supply the correct information, neither the Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust nor any associated company will be held liable for errors or omissions or the consequences thereof.
Prices
The prices on this website are checked regularly to ensure that they are correct. However, if we find the price has changed when we receive your order we will contact you and ask if you wish to proceed.
The price you pay for Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust products and services is the price shown on the page in the Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust website. All prices are shown with VAT, if applicable. You may be liable to pay import duties and tax applicable in your own country if outside the UK.
Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust reserves the right to change prices listed without notice. All orders for products are subject to availability and Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust reserves the right to decline to supply any individual or company.
Availability
We do our best to ensure that all goods shown on this website are available to order. However, if any goods that you have ordered are out of stock or no longer available we will attempt to contact you to arrange a refund or to advise you there may be a delay in receiving your goods whilst we re-stock.
If you confirm that you do wish to proceed, please remember that we will still not be under an obligation to supply the goods until we have confirmed that we have accepted your order.
Force Majeure
Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust will not be liable to you in the event that it is prevented by circumstances beyond its control from delivering any product which you have ordered or for any damaged or defective goods.
Validity
If any term, condition, or provision of these terms and conditions is determined to be unlawful, invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms, conditions and provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
Disclaimer
We try to ensure that information on our site is accurate, complete and up-to-date. However, in using this site you agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions, which take effect on the date when you first use the site.
Without prejudice to your statutory rights, the site and all information, text, names, images, pictures, logos, links and icons and other materials (without limitation) are provided ‘AS IS’ and on an ‘IS AVAILABLE’ basis without representation warranty or endorsement, express or implied. The information, specification and colours on this website may vary from market to market and are subject to change without notice. Please consult us or your Jaguar Dealer for the availability of Heritage Parts and accessories. In particular, we do not warrant or represent the accuracy or completeness of information provided on the site nor do we guarantee that use of this site will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that the site and its servers are free of computer viruses or bugs.
In no event will we be liable to any person for any damage or loss that may arise from the use of any information contained in our site or products displayed on our site, including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use, data, or profits, whether in action of contract, negligence or any other action, arising out of or in connection with the use of the site.
Notwithstanding anything else in these Terms & Conditions, we will not be liable for claims relating to the functionality or availability of this site.
Trademarks
The Jaguar Heritage logo is the property of Jaguar Land Rover Limited. All names, images, logos identifying Jaguar, Daimler, Lanchester are proprietary marks of Jaguar Land Rover Limited and are used with permission. All third-party brand, product, service and company names contained on this site are the trademarks, service marks and trade names of their respective holders. We do not give any permission for their use by any person other than the holders. Any such use may constitute an infringement of the holders’ rights.
Linking
We may link to other websites which are not within our control. We are not responsible for these websites in any way, and do not endorse them. It is your responsibility to check the terms and conditions and privacy policy on any other website which you visit.
Contact Us© 2018–2020 Jaguar Daimler Heritage Trust.
Privacy PolicyTerms & Conditions[]