http://www.starquestclub.com/forum/index.php?s=a8facbc9f73eb6755926e60fe69f1c21&app=core&module=global&section=privacy
Jump to content
Sign In
Create Account
Search
Advanced
Search section:
ForumsMembersHelp Files
Calendar
Gallery
View New Content
Forums
Members
Calendar
Gallery
Member Map
Chat
part search
More
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in our footer and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Log files are maintained and analysed of all requests for files on this website's web servers. Log files do not capture personal information but do capture the user's IP address, which is automatically recognised by our web servers.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Cookies
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Privacy Policy
game search
| music, video, tech search
| vitamins, drugs and health supplements
| great deals on clothing and accessories
| car and truck parts
SQC Policy ·
Change Theme
IP.Board
IP.Board Mobile
Spectrum (Import)
Mark Community Read
Forums
Members
Gallery
Mark all as read
Help
Community Forum Software by IP.Board 3.3.4
Sign In
Need an account? Register now!
Username
Password
I've forgotten my password
Remember me
This is not recommended for shared computers
Sign in anonymously
Don't add me to the active users list
Privacy Policy