https://www.brownmagpiewines.com/privacy/
Home > Privacy
This document (‘Privacy Policy’) describes the information we collect about you and explains what may happen to that information. By using the Brown Magpie Wines website, you accept the Privacy Policy as outlined in the following paragraphs.
We are committed to protecting your personal information and letting you know the type of information we collect and how this information is used. Our Policy is based on the National Privacy Principles, developed by the Office of the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner which came into effect 21 December 2001. Brown Magpie Wines also intends to comply with any guidelines or laws introduced in Australia to strengthen protections for your privacy.
Collecting your information
The amount of information we collect about you depends on your use of our website. The only personal information we collect is what you tell us about yourself, for instance through surveys and newsletter registrations.
We use your personal information for research or to improve our site and the services we offer you. We analyse the data for certain trends and statistics, such as which parts of our site users are visiting and how long they spend there. This information is compiled and analysed on an aggregated basis. We may share this aggregated information with our content providers to assist them in understanding our services but we do not give our content providers aggregated information that would allow them to identify you personally.
Use of Cookies
Some of the pages found on the Brown Magpie Wines website use ‘cookies’ to help us remember who you are. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies help us provide you with services and features that are tailored to your needs when you visit the Brown Magpie Wines website again.
Cookies in themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s browsers. The cookies simply operate as a unique identifier.
This lets us know what you find interesting and useful, which allows us to keep improving our web site and provide you with a personalised service.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. If you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse them, although this means you may not be able to use certain features on our site and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session.
Collection and disclosure of your personal information
Brown Magpie Wines will not use or disclose any information about you without your consent unless legally required to do so or if we consider it necessary to:
provide you with the service you have requested
protect the rights or property of Brown Magpie Wines any user of Brown Magpie Wines or any member of the public; or
lessen or prevent a serious threat to a person’s life, health or safety.
Brown Magpie Wines will seek to take all reasonable steps to keep any information we hold about you secure, accurate and up to date. Your information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities.
Brown Magpie Wines will take all reasonable steps to ensure that our employees and contractors respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by Brown Magpie Wines. You should contact us immediately if there is any unauthorised use of your account or any other breach of security. However, Brown Magpie Wines does not accept responsibility for any consequences of the unauthorised access to your information.